Positive 42922 pstrongHi everyonestrong I know. I write the English language really bad, horrible. I apologize.p  pI created a blog with the cores a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgdocumentationmodulesblog relnofollowblog modulea. Also I have a content type called strongmycontenttypestrong . I need the blog teaser view is displayed in strongmycontenttypestrong.p  pI installed a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgprojectds relnofollowDisplay Suitea. So, mycontenttype has the emDisplay settingsem option. With this option I can choose the desired view, in my case the teaser view. OK, very good Now, but how do I get the blog teaser view is displayed in mycontenttypep  pCan I do this without Viewsp  pGreetingsp
Positive 42922 pI have a template for ablock in my drupal 7.p  pThe file block.tpl.php is like thisp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltphp print rendertitleprefix gt ltphp if blockgtsubject gt  lth3ltphp print titleattributes gtgtltphp print blockgtsubject gtlth3gt  ltphp endifgt ltphp print rendertitlesuffix gt    ltli classleftMenugoPortaloptions styledisplay listitemgt ltul classgnsubmenugt  print contentattributes gt ltphp print content gt  ltulgt ltligtcodepre div div p  pI want to change the content variable, because my content area in on the site all is like ul or li.p  pI need to have 2 variables, one for block content and one for site content.p  pTNXp
Positive 42922 pI have installed Composer on C drive CDocuments and SettingsAll UsersApplication Data. I have a drupal7 project on D drive Dwampwwwdrupal71.p  pI have installed Drush by this command strongcomposer global require drushdrush7.strong and it successfully downloaded but skipped installing because of naming conflicts. Please see the attached screen shot. p  pNow when I run the drush command drush status, it shows that emdrush is not recognized as an internal or external commandem.p  pCan you please guide  help mep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comJTSVJ.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJTSVJ.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 42922 pIm trying to import an old site into Drupal 7 using the feeds plugin.p  pI have written an export module to create a CSV file with my old data and Im trying to import this file in Drupal.p  pThis seems to work fine. However, two things are going wrongp  ol liall quotes are removed from my csv file quotes are important in certain text fields  I absolutely need to find a way to keep them.li licrlf newline characters can obviously not be used because they indicate a new record. But certain textfields contain newlines in my old site. Ive tried replacing them with n but n is imported literally.li ol  pAny ideas on how to cope with these bugsproblemsp
Positive 42922 pAm trying to integrate Drupal with Alfresco using CMIS Module , i followed some of the steps in Drupal using CMIS module,can i get any step by step process how to integrate Drupal with Alfresco  just like a demo. or upload a video in Youtube  and totally new to Alfrescop  pa hrefhttpslh3.googleusercontent.comW6q3C33UQ9MVff22vCYlFIAAAAAAAABKcudsB8vHDTPow907h386nodocumentroot.PNG relnofollowhttpslh3.googleusercontent.comW6q3C33UQ9MVff22vCYlFIAAAAAAAABKcudsB8vHDTPow907h386nodocumentroot.PNGap
Positive 42922 pI saw drupal 7 file upload path is default to public but, I want to change it to my ubuntu machine specific path e.g. tmpupload . I have my customized drupal7 installed so, currently I could not find the uploaded file. Please help me out. p
Positive 42922 pI have a page type Promotion. The pages template has a region, inside the region there are two blocks created with structuresblocks being rendered.p  pI have different versions of the blocks text, color, etc. What I want to do is have a THEMENAMEpreprocess  function to switch between blocks depending on a specific condition.p  pFor example if user is a member then display block21 and block22, if user did this or that then display block23 and block24.p  pCan you please advice me how to do thatp
Positive 42922 pI want to theme this page nodeaddclassified.  I tried creating pagenodeadd.tpl.php, pageclassifiedadd.tpl.php, pagenodeclassifiedadd.tpl.php refreshing cache all the time...Nothing worksp  pI tried also implementing hooktheme and hookpreprocesspage.p
Positive 42922 pi have a question about writing a rule in the htaccess file which is located in the root directory of drupal. We use the Drupal 7 version. p  pWe want to write a rule for the url that when i go to the page newpage1name it should target the oldpageid1ampusername. So the targetpage is a page which is created in drupal itself a added content from a contenttype.p  pBut i always get the same Page not foundError. I can access the oldpage by the wayp  pI tried some rules about simply rewriteUrl without any parameters to make a start. But it also didnt work for me. Here my tryp  precodeRewriteRule oldpage newpage [L,R301] codepre  pThis line is below this partp  precode   Pass all requests not referring directly to files in the filesystem to    index.php. Clean URLs are handled in drupalenvironmentinitialize.   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d   RewriteCond REQUESTURI favicon.ico   RewriteRule  index.php [L] codepre  pSo are there any special rules for writing rules in the htaccess file in drupal maybe especially in version 7 or what is wrong on my codep
Positive 42922 pIve got a Drupal website and Id like to send an email via Marketo whenever a new post is created. Ive got the Drupal side of things covered I know how to create the custom module that will be triggered whenever a new content us created.p  pWhat I dont know is whetherp  p1 Marketo API allows for this 2 How As when I was trying to follow a hrefhttpdevelopers.marketo.comdocumentationassetapicreateemail relnofollowthisa tutorial, I got stuck on the codeclientIdcode and codeclientSecretcode as these values are now available under codeIntegrationLauchPointcode nor in codeIntegrationWeb Servicescodep  pThanksp
Positive 42922 pI am stuck into a problem from hours which has occurred due to  symbol in message while sending an email. Does anyone know how to resolve this, It may save mine a lot of time. following is my code p  precodemessage . ltpgt .giftcardgtfieldfromname[und][0][value]. has sent you a gift card ltpgt codepre  pwhere codegiftcardgtfieldfromname[und][0][value]code returns email id  which contains  sign  and when I remove this line from complete message it works properlyp
Positive 42922 pI am building a navigation menu in drupal 7 and in a few of the menu links it is not possible to edit the path in the page Edit menu links under Structure  Menu  Navigation. Instead there is a fixed path to for ex. Add new basic page. p  pThese links also have the option reset in stead of delete... under Structure  Menus.p  pI realize that I must have brought this problem on myself, but I am stuck and cannot figure out how to change the path for these menu links.p  pSo I would like to change the path. Can someone point me in the right directionp
Positive 42922 pI am trying create a multistep form based on sessionstoreexample from the mformsexamples module. But I am not able to figure it out how to add the Back button in this form.p  pAll the other example forms were having back button except this one. Please help me to add a back button in this type form.p
Positive 42922 p0 down vote favoritep  pI am developing a site with Drupal Commerce.p  pThe client needs a multiple recipient feature. He needs peritem perrecipient feature.p  pSuppose 1 customer buys 3 items, he will have 1 of 3 checkout box containing 1 item with all information to fill like shipping info, gift message etc in the checkout process and then goes to next 2 of 3 line item using the same process, then goes to next 3 of 3 using the same process.p
Positive 42922 pHow to upload and savea user defined path a file using drupal7  I am trying to upload .mp4 file using a drupal 7 form with some other fields. Please let me know how to upload and save the file using user defined path.p
Positive 42922 pIm pretty new to Drupal, Ive done some maintenance works on some websites, but nothing very complicated.p  pIm developing now a website with Durpal 7 and I would like to get some advice about the structure of my content to get what I need.p  pHere is the structure of my Mainmenup  precodeAbout us   itemabout 1   itemabout 2   itemabout 3 Contact   itemcontact 1   itemcontact 2   itemcontact 3 codepre  pIn my main navigation, I have only the top level items of Mainmenu About us and Contact without any drop down for sub items.p  ol lipI would like to have a secondary menu on the left on About us page with sub items of About us. And I would like them to open inside About us page as a sub content, not in a new page. Do you see what I mean   Can I do this only with my Mainmenu structure or do I need to change my content structure  I check the Node Hierarchy module, but Im not sure to see exactly how I can use it to fit my needs.pli lipOn the homepage, I would like to have three blocks with Contacts sub items content and a Read more button. How can I query like my Mainmenu structure to get Contacts sub item linked page content  Once again, is it possible with my current structure or not pli ol  pThanks a lot for your help and advice  p
Positive 42922 pI have created a view with the module views. I would like to customize the rendering of the single row but cant find which template I have to create. In the Page Theming information section of the edit of my view, I can see these suggestionsp  pDisplay output viewsview.tpl.php File not found, in folder ., viewsviewrank.tpl.php, viewsviewdefault.tpl.php, viewsviewdefault.tpl.php, viewsviewpage.tpl.php, viewsviewrankpage.tpl.phpp  pStyle output viewsviewunformatted.tpl.php File not found, in folder ., viewsviewunformattedrank.tpl.php, viewsviewunformatteddefault.tpl.php, viewsviewunformatteddefault.tpl.php, viewsviewunformattedpage.tpl.php, viewsviewunformattedrankpage.tpl.phpp  pRow style output .tpl.php, rank.tpl.php, default.tpl.php, default.tpl.php, page.tpl.php, rankpage.tpl.phpp  pWhy the prefix for the Row style output suggestions are empty p
Positive 42922 pActually I am trying to create drupal module  .  But I am Faild p  pHere is my Code  . I just want to display Iframe by using module .p  pstrongCODE MYinfo.infostrongp  precodename  MYinfo description  embedded widget core  7.x codepre  pstrongCODE Myinfo.modulestrongp  precode   file   MYinfo.module       Implements hookmenu.   function MYinfomenu    items  array   return items      Implements hookformalter.   function MYinfoformalter    codepre  pCan Anyone hel me how to create it . p
Positive 42922 pIve copied over from the views modules theme folder viewsexposedform.tpl.php to themesmythemeviews also tried themesmytheme and renamed as viewsexposedfiltercommercereportsproducts.tpl.php and viewsexposedfiltercommercereportsproducts.tpl.php.p  pAfter flushing cache and rescanning the templates in the view, it still will not show. If I edit the original viewsexposedform.tpl.php it will show the changes.p  pI got the view name from the Themes link in the view viewsviewfieldcommercereportsproducts.tpl.phpp  pDoes anyone know what else I might have to do, or why this is not workingp
Positive 42922 pWe enabled language translation on a previously nontranslated site that used language neutral for all nodes. Some fields are set as translatable, while others, understandably, are not. We converted fields that are translatable to English by adding an entry for that field with the language set to English, leaving an entry with language undefined there as well. This was recommended to us.p  pOne of the issues were having now is that strongwhen an editor deletes the entry for a field in the edit form, the English value is removed but the undefined value still displays on the pagestrong, though it is not accessible in the edit form because its language does not match the nodes language.p  pThis doesnt seem to be a good idea to display an und entry for a translatable field on a node with a stated language. fieldistranslatable confirms that the field is translatable.p  pHas anyone else run across this Not sure if this is a bug or if there is a best practice for fixing this.p  pMy thought at this point is to write a script to run through each node that is English not und, check each translatable field, remove any und entries in the object for translatable fields, and resave the node.p  pWe are using the following translation related modulesp  ul litranslationli lientitytranslationli lifieldtranslationli lii18nfieldli lii18nmenuli lii18nstringli lii18ntaxonomyli lii18ntranslationli lii18nvariableli lii18nviewsli lilingotekli ul
Positive 42922 pTrying to implement an unlimited value date field in a custom module form. Ive been trying to follow the examples in a a hrefhttprapiddg.combloguseajaxsupportmultipleitemvaluescustomdrupal7forms relnofollowblog post on unlimited item values in formsa and a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgnode752056 relnofollowDrupal documentation on ajax formsa.p  pIve tried adding the equivalent of the codecustomregistrationformcode function code from the blog post above to my form builder function and ajax callback, but cant get additional date fields to show up when my ajaxenabled button is clicked. The codeformstate[storage]code data is available after clicking the save button for the form as a whole, but I cant tell if its being used in the ajax callback properly.p  pAny ideas on implementing an unlimited value field in a module or links to examples would be appreciated. Unlimited fields seem like such basic functionality to Drupals Field API, but I cant find any good examples of implementing this in custom code.p
Positive 42922 pIm hoping someone can help me out with this because I have been stuck on this for days...p  pI have a bunch of webforms that each user needs to submit. I figured out how to show a view of the webforms the logged in user has submitted, but what I am stuck on is showing the webforms the user has NOT submitted in a view. So it would be a list of the webforms the user still needs to fill out.p  pThere must be something small I am overlooking. I appreciate any ideas or help, thanksp
Positive 42922 pWhat happens when a taxonomy term is changed Will the term just change for all nodes tagged with the original term or will the relationship be deletedp
Positive 42922 pI have a custom content type called events which has a few fields defined in it. p  pThe field name is codefieldstorenamecode. I can get all the options from these check boxes using this code p  precodeform[fieldstore][und][options] codepre  pThis is how I get the options that are strongselectedcheckedstrong. Is this the correct way of doing thisp  precodeformstate[buildinfo][args][0]gtfieldstore[und] codepre  pThanksp
Positive 42922 pI have a drush generated make file which I execute to download the necessary components and create a full drupalpanopoly file structure.p  pThe file begins as followsp  precode     Drush make file for Panopoly site.       Drupal core           api  2     core  7.x     projects[drupal]  7.39     projects[panopoly]  1.25       Include any additional changes to the Panopoly make file.     projects[panopoly][patch][]  patchespanopolyviewscleanrowclasses136018633.patch     projects[panopoly][patch][]  patchespanopolyfileentityupdate23755954.patch     projects[panopoly][patch][]  patchespanopolywysiwygfilterareamap15083464.patch     .     .     . codepre  pThe make file is a coulpe of hundred lines long. Alot of the lines below the short clip above execute successfully but the first line of the patch section above fails with an error as belowp  precode gtgt Unable to download patchespanopolyviewscleanrowclasses136018633.patch. [error] codepre  pPlease notice that all the patches are contained in a directory local called empatchesem.p  pI decided to comment out the offending patch, the first line, so the drush make process could execute successfully. However, the second patch was complained about. I commented out the second patch and then the third patch generated an error.p  pstrongIt takes commenting out all three patches for the make file to execute successfully but the drupal site installs with errors.strongp  pBelow is a the file structure of my make directory which has the patches directory and the files it contains with 777 permissions, just incase permissions was the problem.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comQsU8p.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQsU8p.png altenter image description hereap  pstrongCan anyone give me an insight on why drush cantwont read these patch files and how I can fix that problemstrongp
Positive 42922 pIn D7, with Devel, CTools and a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgprojectajaxregister relnofollowAjax LoginRegister pluginsa, I get an alert on submitting the login form on a hrefhttpp262957.mittwaldserver.infodrupaluserlogin relnofollowhttpp262957.mittwaldserver.infodrupaluserloginap  pIm using a custom child theme based on banana. I already tried the instructions herein a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgnode1008664 relnofollowhttpswww.drupal.orgnode1008664a that say that I should asure loading jquery.form.js before ajax.js.p  pDoes anybody have an idea Thanks in advance.p  pI have nothing login specific coded so far except in html.tpl.php p  precodeltphp    formelement  drupalgetformuserlogin    form  drupalrenderformelement    print form gt codepre  pThe rest comes from the plugins, especially Ajax LoginRegister plugins.p
Positive 42922 pIm currently working on a project in Drupal where the client has several content types containing multiple text inputs, each representing a paragraph in the final display.  Each text input can be edited using CKEditor.  p  pIve now run into the problem that if i enter an anchor in one of the text fields, that anchor is not known in any of the other text fields using the ckeditor link dialog.  If i use the sharedspaces plugin for CKEditor to share the toolbar across instances, the problem persists.  p  pSo the question is how can i add an anchor using CKEditor in one text input, and have it be recognised in another text input in the same form by CKEditorp
Positive 42922 pI have a problem but do not know how to move, so I would advise ...p  pI want to create a dynamic menu in drupal mainmenu. The current one is ugly, is a list. I want a menu where there are different voices, and during the hover event appears a little window with the sub. Or by moving a menu with submenus that are activated at the click of the item.p  pI have no problem with JavaScript to create anything ...p  pThe real problem is that I do not know how to act to achieve this. In my case the mainmenu is created I think from the strongmodule blockstrong.p  pMaybe I should change something in the formp  pI wish I had some of your advice ... There are lightweight modules that allow me to create menus that editable adding file.js p  pThanks a lot..p  pand sorry if the question is too general.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  ppractically the mainmenu is called strongblocksystemmainmenustrong, I could create a js file that runs every tag li menu items, and bring up submenus durnate the hover or clickp  pYou think its good as an idea fast or weight code, slow to loadp
Positive 42922 pIn Drupal 7 views, is there a way to apply filter option to just one of the field column. I searched around for this but cannot find any information or module about it.p  pFor example I have a taxonomy based view, and have 2 content types which has term reference and a value attached field collection to that taxonomy. The view output looks like thisp  pre Term ID  Nid  Content type  Amount  1        2    Type A        5       1        3    Type A        10      1        4    Type B        15      2        5    Type A        20      pre  pIf I filter by content type  B, then I get thisp  pre Term ID  Nid  Content type  Amount  1        4    Type B        15      pre  pWhat I want to achieve is something like this insteadp  pre Term ID  Type A  Type B  1        5               1        10              1                15       2        20              pre
Positive 42922 pI need to call the FUNCTION when the BUTTON is clicked. How I can do this I know that the code I wrote is wrong, its just to make it clearp  precodefunction ghviewcategories   alttablegt   a.lttrgt   a.lttdgtltstronggt.Categoria.ltstronggtlttdgt   a.lttdgtltstronggt.Soglia minima.ltstronggtlttdgt   a.lttdgtltstronggt.Tot attuale.ltstronggtlttdgt   a.lttdgtltstronggt.Crea ordine.ltstronggtlttdgt   a.lttrgt   query  dbselectucproductclasses, u     gtfieldsu, arrayname,soglia, totattuale   result  querygtexecute   while record  resultgtfetchAssoc      idUserghgetuseridrecord[name]     a.lttrgt     a.lttdgt.record[name].lttdgt     a.lttdgt.record[soglia].lttdgt     a.lttdgt.record[totattuale].lttdgt     a.lttdgt.lBUTTON, FUNCTIONidUser.lttdgt     a.lttrgt       a.lttablegt   return a  codepre
Positive 42922 pI am Trying To Add Help Button On Module Menu . I have Doing Lots Off RampD but Failed . BTW Here is My Code p  pstrongmyfirstmodule.infostrongp  precodename  My Module description  embedded Video Comment core  7.x codepre  pstrongmyfirstmodule.modulestrongp  precodeltphp    Implements hookhelp.    function myfirstmodulehelppath, arg    if path  adminhelpmyfirstmodule      return tA demonstration module.     codepre  blockquote   pI have Cleared Cache But help link isnt appearp blockquote
Positive 42922 pI have the HTML as belowp  precode        ltdiv classtopgridsgt         ltdiv classcontainergt             ltdiv classcolmd4 topgrid textcentergt                 ltdiv classtopgridpicgt                     ltimg srcimagespic01.png titleBoots gt                     ltspangtBootsltspangt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classtopgridpicinfogt                     lta hrefsinglepage.htmlgtSeeallltagt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classcolmd4 topgrid textcentergt                 ltdiv classtopgridpicgt                     ltimg srcimagespic02.png titleBoots gt                     ltspangtCasualltspangt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classtopgridpicinfogt                     lta hrefsinglepage.htmlgtSeeallltagt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classcolmd4 topgrid textcentergt                 ltdiv classtopgridpicgt                     ltimg srcimagespic03.png titleBoots gt                     ltspangtFormalltspangt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classtopgridpicinfogt                     lta hrefsinglepage.htmlgtSeeallltagt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classclearfixgt ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pIn Drupal 7, I have created a view block and named it Featured Products. I have added two fields  image and title. Please check the attached screen shot. p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comxQUxq.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxQUxq.png altenter image description hereap  pAfter doing the same, I have created a view file named viewsviewfieldnewucproductsblock.tpl.php and write the code as belowp  precodeltdiv classtopgridsgt         ltdiv classcontainergt                 ltphp print output gt          ltdivgt codepre  pp  pand place this under the templates folder.p  pNow I see the drupal site and the View Source file which contains the below HTML structurep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecode ltdiv classviewcontentgt       lttable classviewstable cols0 gt        lttbodygt           lttr classodd viewsrowfirstgt                   lttd gt              ltdiv classtopgridsgt ltdiv classcontainergt ltdiv classcolmd4 topgrid textcentergt ltdiv classtopgridpicgtltdiv classproductimagegtltdiv classmainproductimagegtlta hrefhttplocalhostuberdrupalsitesdefaultfilesstylesucproductfullpublic515sRCSoS9L.SX331BO12C2042C2032C200.jpgitoklji5BBNF titlegtltimg typeoffoafImage srchttplocalhostuberdrupalsitesdefaultfilesstylesucproductpublic515sRCSoS9L.SX331BO12C2042C2032C200.jpgitok4Exqjiv3 alt title gtltagtltdivgtltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt            lttdgt                   lttd classviewsfield viewsfieldtitle gt              ltdiv classtopgridsgt ltdiv classcontainergt ltspangtTwistedltspangt ltdivgt ltdiv classtopgridpicinfogt lta hrefsinglepage.htmlgtSee Allltagt ltdivgt ltdivgtltdivgt ltdivgtcodepre div div p  pCan Someone tell me how can I customize the view template so that it can show the HTML as I desiredp  pThanksp
Positive 42922 pI tried installing Drupal on my local server, and everything worked fine. I installed Drupal on my localhost, and then I tried to transfer the same Drupal directory on my server using FileZilla. Changed my codesettings.phpcode file in accordance to my server MySql settings as followsp  precodedatabases  array    default gt    array      default gt      array        database gt manasdrupal,       username gt XXXXXXX,       password gt XXXXXXX,       host gt 127.0.0.1,       port gt ,       driver gt mysql,       prefix gt ,     ,   ,  codepre  pHowever, when I tried accessing the website where the Drupal installation should have been present, I encounter the following errorp  precodePDOException SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] Connection refused in lockmaybeavailable line 167 of homemanasgemanas.getevangelized.comdrupalincludeslock.inc. codepre  pNow, line 167 of codelock.inccode contains the following functionp  precodefunction lockmaybeavailablename    lock  dbquerySELECT expire, value FROM semaphore WHERE name  name, arrayname gt namegtfetchAssoc   if lock      return TRUE      expire  float lock[expire]   now  microtimeTRUE   if now gt expire       We check two conditions to prevent a race condition where another      request acquired the lock and set a new expire time. We add a small      number to expire to avoid errors with float to string conversion.     return bool dbdeletesemaphore       gtconditionname, name       gtconditionvalue, lock[value]       gtconditionexpire, 0.0001  expire, lt       gtexecute      return FALSE  codepre  pWhat seems to be wrong here Everything works fine on my localhost, but I cant seem to get this thing working on my main host. For reference, this is the link where my Drupal directory is hosted  codehttpmanas.getevangelized.comdrupalcodep  pAlso, I have an empty database named codemanasdrupalcode defined in PHPMyAdmin already. Also, I made sure that the username and password for MySQL in codesettings.phpcode were entered correctly.p
Positive 42922 pI am new in drupal. I want to customize and style my login or my registration form. There are some predefined blocks in codeAdminStructureBlockscode. Login form is one of these predefined blocks and I want to show it in a specific region in my codepage.tpl.phpcode page. the following code in codepage.tpl.phpcode shows a login form. I want to style it with bootstrap css. How can I do that I have searched a lot and found some code in template.php and so on. But none of them worked.  Thank You For Your Helpp  precode ltphp  ifpage[loginregion]          print renderpage[loginregion]   gt codepre
Positive 42922 pA question about Drupal 7s module xmlsitemap  p  pIve created a content type and set it to be excluded from the sitemap. After a while, I set it to be included in the sitemap.p  pSo now all the new items of this content type are included in the sitemap, but I also have thousands of old items which are excluded from the sitemap.p  pHow can I change all the existing old items of that content type, to be included in the current sitemap p  pI dont want to go over the old items one by one and change them to be included. Is there a way to do it p
Positive 42922 pIn Drupal 7, I use the module views aggregation plus.p  pThere are 2 columns A and B which I apply a group aggregation of Average and Sum respectively. I want to have a 3rd column C which does a math expression A  B after the grouping. How can I achieve this An example belowp  pBefore groupingp  pre ID  Column A  Column B  Column C 1   5         10        5 1   5         10        5  2   5         10        5 pre  pWhat I get currentlyp  pre ID  Column A  Column B  Column C   1   5         20        10 2   5         10        5 pre  pWhat I want to getp  pre ID  Column A  Column B  Column C   1   5         20        15 2   5         10        5 pre  pI tried retrieving the values of the summed field using devel module, and while I get this ...[viewscontextuallinksinfo][viewsui][view]stylepluginrenderedfields[2][expression1]p  pI tried outputting that using Views PHP but it doesnt return back the correct value. I believe it is only returning back the value prior to being summed by the views aggregator plus.p
Positive 42922 pso by default emlogintobogganem module should send one time verification link emails to newly registered users to validate their emails. But its not happening , p  psettings on page adminconfigsystemlogintobogginp  ul liallow users to login their email  strongEnabledstrongli liuse two emails  strongDisabledstrongli liset password  strongUncheckedstrongli linon authenticated role  emi have my ownemli ul  psettings on page adminconfigpeopleaccountsp  ul liwho can register  strongvisitorsstrongli lirequire email verification  strongcheckedstrongli ul  pemwelcomeno approval requiredem and emwelcomeuser created by adminem under emails has [uservalidateurl] token .p  pMoreover, if there is any other method to verify email on drupal7  please tell. thank you. p
Positive 42922 pI have custom views  using views module , which are pages where they display list of nodes  based on taxonomy . So i have my exmaple.comtvshows where it shows a list of nodes where fieldtaxonomycategory equals tvshow. I have another view cooking. p  pNow .. i want all those lists, tvshows, cooking and rest of the categories on my website, to make a custom display. I want to change the whole html structure of those lists.p  pAny suggestion how to do that in a best way  Thanksp
Positive 42922 pI want to add the request new password link in login block, I am using drupal7 please help me, I am not getting where can i find this login blockthanks in advancep
Positive 42922 pI made a website bioinformatics tools , I tried calling the Galaxy tools on my website using a script lt object lt  object but does not appear blank view. Is there something wrongp  pI use Drupal web CMSp  pthis my scriptp  precodeltstylegt .konten      minheight 800px         margin 5px  5px  5px  5px     border solid 2px DDD     borderradius 10px  ltstylegt  ltdiv classkontengt     ltobject width100 height900px typetexthtml datahttp127.0.0.18081rootgtltobject gt ltdivgt codepre
Positive 42922 pIn the Taxonomy Preview, the SQL that is ran when the url includes two queries is the followingp  precodeSELECT DISTINCT node.sticky AS nodesticky, node.created AS nodecreated,node.nid AS nid FROM  node node LEFT JOIN fielddatafieldsite fielddatafieldsite ON node.nid      fielddatafieldsite.entityid AND fielddatafieldsite.entitytype  node     AND fielddatafieldsite.deleted  0 LEFT JOIN taxonomytermdata taxonomytermdatafielddatafieldsite ON     fielddatafieldsite.fieldsitetargetid      taxonomytermdatafielddatafieldsite.tid WHERE  node.nid IN  SELECT tn.nid AS nid FROM  taxonomyindex tn WHERE  tn.tid  46,5  AND node.status  1 OR node.uid  1 AND 1 ltgt 0 AND 1  1 OR 1  1  ORDER BY nodesticky DESC, nodecreated DESC LIMIT 10 OFFSET 0 codepre  pInstead of WHERE  tn.tid  46,5 I need  the the result of this query to be based on 46 AND 5, which I am not sure how to accomplish. Ive set up a custom module with hookviewsqueryalter and hookquerytagalter but havent had any luck. p  pImplements hookviewsqueryalter.p  precodefunction ccwtaxonomybaseurlfilterviewsqueryalterampview, ampquery     ifviewgtname  taxonomyterm ampamp viewgtcurrentdisplay  page        querygtaddtagmymod    codepre  pImplements hookqueryTAGalterp  precode function ccwtaxonomybaseurlfilterquerymymodalterQueryAlterableInterfacequery     drupalsetmessageI can make changes to the view here..   codepre
Positive 42922 pIve have been trying to redirect the page after usersave in drupal 7. I have scenario in which a webform is used for registration process.when the users submits the webform ,it should be saved as a user in database and redirect to a testpage .so i have tried p  precodefunction custommodulewebformsubmissioninsertnode, submission     userarray         namegtsubmission[data][0][value]         passgtsubmission[data][1][value]         mailgtsubmission[data][2][value]          usersave,user     drupalgototestpage  codepre  pAfter saving the user, the page is redirected to user page instead of testpagep
Positive 42922 pI have attached the  screen shot below in this you can see in message it showing that both the product added in shopping cart  but in cart content its showing only one.I want to show all product there which added in shopping cart. I am new in drupal , any help will be appreciable.  p  phere is the link of  screen shot p  pa hrefhttppostimg.orgimage5k4dqaqst relnofollowhttppostimg.orgimage5k4dqaqstap  pAs i am new so not enough reputation to add the images p
Positive 42922 pIm very new to drupal theme development and also drupal. here i learned that how to create a sub theme using Zen theme, now i want to create a header for subtheme. is it possible guide me in right direction p
Positive 42922 pI have ecommerce site, during checkout process it automatically create account for anonymous user. I have added following two rules to achieve this strongemAssign an anonymous order to a preexisting useremstrong and strongemCreate a new account for an anonymous orderemstrong. What I want is instead of creating account i want the user to automatically login during checkout p  pI have tried a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgprojectcommercecheckoutcompleteregistration relnofollowCommerce Checkout Complete Registrationa, but I am facing some error, when user enter the email address and moves to next page the site goes maintenance mode. When I checked the dblog it throws the exception p  precodeEntityMetadataWrapperException Unable to set the data property uid as the parent data structure is not set. in EntityStructureWrappergtsetProperty line 473 of homeknackforgePublicdroptssitesallmodulescontribentityincludesentity.wrapper.inc. codepre  pWhen i refresh the page user is automatically logged in.  Is there any way resolve this error. Thank youp
Positive 42922 pToday, out of the blue, my drupal 7 website began to show the messagep  precodeUnable to connect with the reCAPTCHA server www.google.com 110 Connection timed out codepre  pIn log error, i found out that gives error also for sending confirmation mail for new accounts and that im not able anymore to get long term access token from facebook from facebook wall module. It seems like drupal cant connect to outside world... Any clue, i dont see, about what is going onp  pThe ubuntu server of the site is up and running, the site is reachable.p
Positive 42922 pI just installed drupal 7 on my local wamp installation and was trying to override the user registration form however it gives me the following errorp  precodeinclude failed Cwampwwwd7themesbartiktemplatesuserregistrationform.tpl.php codepre  pI am not sure how to resolve this forward backslash errors on wamp. Any inputsp
Positive 42922 pI began to learn about drupal, I perform the function send mail but failed. Please could help mep  precode params  array subject gt hello, body gt test, fromnguyen.xuan.luanvinicorp.com.vn  to  nguyen.xuan.luanvinicorp.com.vn mail  drupalmailexampe, notice, to, languagedefault, params,  from, TRUE codepre  perror message strongUnable to send email. Contact the site administrator if the problem persists.strongp  pI think that must have information of mail password but I do not know how. Please can help mep
Positive 42922 pI have created a view, view machine name is as listevents and display machine name is black, I have also added three filters p  pa Content Published Yesp  pb Content Type  Eventp  pc Content Event Type  Paidp  pThis displays fine in second sidebar.p  pNow I want to embed this view in sidebar one in one of the block. For this I created a custom module called as show event and added following code in itp  precodefunction showeventblockviewdelta   printrdelta   if delta  event      viewName  listevents     viewsHtml  viewsembedviewviewName, block, 1, Event, Free     return viewsHtml     codepre  pBut it never considers my new parameter for example Free, it always take Paid . Please note first 2 parameters are same in both case.p
Positive 42922 pThis is my second question about drupal. I can not add blocks to my page because im working with a custom page. So I would like to display a custom menu in codepage.tpl.phpcode file. Is this possible If so the let me how to do it in my sub theme.p
Positive 42922 pI have created a custom module in Drupal 7. The purpose of the mod is to create some records from the back end and show the records on the front end as a block. I can addeditdeleteshow the records through this module. I have also assigned this mod  to the Content region in Block section through the back end. However, the records are not coming on the front end. The entire code of the custom build module is given below.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltphp    file  Custom functions for this site.     Implements hookmenu.  function mycustombannermenu  items[admincustommycustombannershow]  array title gt My Custom Table, description gt View My Custom Banner., page callback gt mycustombannersortwithpagercontent, access arguments gt arrayaccess mycustombanner, weight gt 14,    items[admincustommycustombanneradd]  array title gt My Custom Table, description gt View My Custom Table., page callback gt mycustombanneraddfunc, access arguments gt arrayaccess mycustombanner, weight gt 14,   items[admincustommycustombanneredit]  array title gt My Custom Table, description gt View My Custom Table., page callback gt mycustombannereditblockview, page argument gt array3, access arguments gt arrayaccess mycustombanner, weight gt 14,   items[admincustommycustombannerdelete]  array title gt My Custom Table, description gt View My Custom Table., page callback gt mycustomdelete, page argument gt array3, access arguments gt arrayaccess mycustombanner, weight gt 14,    items[admincustommycustombanner]  array title gt My Custom Table, description gt View My Custom Table., page callback gt mycustombannersortwithpagercontent, access arguments gt arrayaccess mycustombanner, weight gt 14,    return items   return items     Implements hookblockview.  function mycustombannerblockviewblockname    echo show  in my example I show the form only in the front page.  You can show it where you want, obviously   if drupalisfrontpage  return NULL         header  array arraydata gt tCustom id, field gt id, sort gt asc, arraydata gt tTitle, field gt title, arraydata gt tStatus, field gt status, arraydata gt tAction,   query  dbselectcustomtable, c querygtfieldsc, arrayid, title, status  tablesort  querygtextendTableSort  Add table sort extender. gtorderByHeaderheader  Add order by headers. pager  tablesortgtextendPagerDefault gtlimit5 result  pagergtexecute  rows  array foreachresult as res rows[]  arrayresgtid, resgttitle, resgtstatus    If rows are not empty theme and display the rows.  if emptyrows  output  themetable, arrayheader gt header, rows gt rows, attributes gt arrayid gt sorttable output . themepager  else  output . tNo results found      block[mycustombanner] . themeitemlist, array     items gt output         return block        function mycustombannerformform, ampformstate   now I add a text field to the form form[mycustombannertitle]  array type gt textfield, title gt tTitle, description gt tThe Title of the My Custom Table., size gt 40, maxlength gt 120, required gt TRUE,    Textarea for the body form[mycustombannerdescription]  array type gt textarea, rows gt 10, columns gt 40, title gt tDescription, required gt TRUE, descriptiongt tThe text of My Custom Table .,    Checkbox to indicate. form[mycustomactive]  array type gt checkbox, title gt tStatus, description gt tIndicates whether the active or inactive.,   now I add also a button form[submit]  array  type gt submit, value gt tSave,   and now I assign a my function as handler of the submit event  form[validate][]  mycustombannersubmithandler form[submit][]  mycustombannersubmithandler return form   function mycustombannersubmithandlerform, ampformstate   this function will be executed after the click  event of the user on the submit button.  here I only print a message  you can access a database, redirect, or whatever you want, obviously error  1 if  issetformstate[values][mycustombannertitle]  issetformstate[values][mycustombannertitle]   error  0    iferror mycustombannertitle  formstate[values][mycustombannertitle] mycustombannerdescription  formstate[values][mycustombannerdescription] nid  dbinsertcustomtable  Table name no longer needs  gtfieldsarray title gt mycustombannertitle, description gt mycustombannerdescription,  gtexecute drupalsetmessagetRecord has been added     function mycustombanneraddfunc form  drupalgetformmycustombannerform block  array   subject gt tSubject, content gt form,   block[content][] . ltbr gtlta hrefaddgtBack to Listingltagt return block     function mycustombannersortwithpagercontent     form  drupalgetformmycustombannerform block  array   subject gt tSubject, content gt form,   block[content][] . ltbr gtlta hrefaddgtBack to Listingltagt return block   header  array arraydata gt tCustom id, field gt id, sort gt asc, arraydata gt tTitle, field gt title, arraydata gt tStatus, field gt status, arraydata gt tAction,   query  dbselectcustomtable, c querygtfieldsc, arrayid, title, status  tablesort  querygtextendTableSort  Add table sort extender. gtorderByHeaderheader  Add order by headers. pager  tablesortgtextendPagerDefault gtlimit5 result  pagergtexecute  rows  array foreachresult as res rows[]  arrayresgtid, resgttitle, resgtstatus, lta hrefresgtideditgtEditltagt  lta hrefresgtiddelete onclickreturn confirmAre you suregtDeleteltagt    If rows are not empty theme and display the rows.  if emptyrows  output  themetable, arrayheader gt header, rows gt rows, attributes gt arrayid gt sorttable output . themepager  else  output . tNo results found  output . ltbr gtlta hrefmycustombanneraddgtAdd new recordltagt return output       function mycustomdelete id  arg3 numupdated  dbdeletecustomtable gtconditionid, id,  gtexecute drupalsetmessagetRecord has been deleted drupalgotoadmincustommycustombannershow     Implements hookblockview.  function mycustombannereditblockviewblockname      in my example I show the form only in the front page.  You can show it where you want, obviously   if drupalisfrontpage  return NULL     form  drupalgetformmycustombannereditform   block  array   subject gt tSubject, content gt form,  block[content][] . ltbr gtlta hrefaddgtBack to Listingltagt return block       function mycustombannereditformform, ampformstate   id  arg3 result  dbquerySELECT  FROM customtable WHERE id  tid, arraytid gt id  foreachresult as val record  val  record  resultgtfetchObject   now I add a text field to the form  with a label and fixed dimensions you never know form[mycustombannertitle]  array type gt textfield, title gt tTitle, value gt trecordgttitle, description gt tThe Title of the My Custom Table., size gt 40, maxlength gt 120, required gt TRUE,    Textarea for the body form[mycustombannerdescription]  array type gt textarea, rows gt 10, columns gt 40, title gt tDescription, value gt trecordgtdescription, required gt TRUE, descriptiongt tThe text of My Custom Table .,   hidden for the body form[id]  array type gt hidden, value gt tid,    Checkbox to indicate. form[mycustomactive]  array type gt checkbox, title gt tStatus, description gt tIndicates whether the active or inactive,   now I add also a button form[submit]  array  type gt submit, value gt tSave,   and now I assign a my function as handler of the submit event  form[validate][]  mycustombannersubmithandler form[submit][]  mycustombannereditsubmithandler return form   function mycustombannereditsubmithandlerform, ampformstate   this function will be executed after the click  event of the user on the submit button.  here I only print a message  you can access a database, redirect, or whatever you want, obviously error  1 if  issetformstate[values][mycustombannertitle]  issetformstate[values][mycustombannertitle]   error  0    iferror id  formstate[values][id] vardumpformstate mycustombannertitle  formstate[input][mycustombannertitle] mycustombannerdescription  formstate[input][mycustombannerdescription] data  array title gt mycustombannertitle, description gt mycustombannerdescription,  numupdated  dbupdatecustomtable gtfieldsdata gtconditionid, id,  gtexecute drupalsetmessagetRecord has been Updated      Implements hookpermission.  function mycustombannerpermission  return array access mycustombanner gt array title gt tView My Custom Table,  Note We translate the Administer blocks permission string here with  a separate t call, to make sure it gets the same translation as when  its in blockpermission. description gt tCustomizing the My Custom Table requires the permissionname permission., array permissionname gt ltAdminister blocks, adminpeoplepermissions, arrayfragment gt moduleblock, , ,    function mycustombannerblockinfo    blocks[mycustombanner]  arrayinfo gt tCustom Banner block   return blocks codepre div div p  pAwaiting your help.p
Positive 42922 pI am new to drupal, i have installed commerce module for my ecommerce website.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comp9xSs.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comp9xSs.png altinstalled moduleap  pHere the commerce module is required Addressfield module, i have searched that in drupal modules page, but didnt get suitable Addressfield module.p  pAnyone know how to fix this.p  pThanks in advancep
Positive 42922 pa hrefhttpswww.codeenigma.comcommunityblogdrupal7cheatsheetdatabase relnofollowhttpswww.codeenigma.comcommunityblogdrupal7cheatsheetdatabasea a hrefhttpswww.drupal.orgupdatemodules67 relnofollowhttpswww.drupal.orgupdatemodules67ap  pI cannot wrap my head around the changes from Drupal 6  7.p  precodeSELECT CRSsales.User, CRSGoals.,  sumCRSsales.CompUnits as CompUnits,  sumCRSsales.KBUnits as KBUnits,  sumCRSsales.PrinterUnits as PrinterUnits,  sumCRSsales.MouseUnits as MouseUnits,  CountCRSsales.Comp as CompCount sumCRSsales.CompUnits  CRSsales.KBUnits  CRSsales.PrinterUnits  CRSsales.MouseUnits as UnitsTotal, FROM CRSsales  INNER JOIN CRSGoals ON CRSsales.UserCRSGoals.User WHERE dateCRSsales.Created  01102015 GROUP BY CRSsales.User order by UnitsTotal DESC codepre  pHow do I fetch this information for as many rows existp  pThank you for your help.p
Positive 42922 pAs of today 2nd Oct 2015, the sandbox PayPal API is now returning a production URL, we have changed nothing since yesterday and have multiple different systems all doing the same thing  tried to lodge issue on PayPal Dev support site but it will not allow to submit, form keeps crashingp  pSo yesterday, using PHP SDK  codeapprovalUrl  paymentgtgetApprovalLinkcodep  pWe get p  blockquote   pa hrefhttpswww.sandbox.paypal.comcgibinwebscrcmdexpresscheckoutamptokenEC relnofollowhttpswww.sandbox.paypal.comcgibinwebscrcmdexpresscheckoutamptokenECap blockquote  pTODAY WE GETp  blockquote   pa hrefhttpswww.paypal.comcgibinwebscrcmdexpresscheckoutamptokenEC relnofollowhttpswww.paypal.comcgibinwebscrcmdexpresscheckoutamptokenECap blockquote  pNOTICE the codesandboxcode missing from URLp  pAnyone else have this issue on codeSANDBOXcode p
Positive 42922 pI am working in Drupal and trying to return a new URL in the lower function. The trouble I am having is that the codepathcode variable I am returning doesnt persist the codevocabcode and codesitecode variable.p  pAlso, for nonDrupal users, the codeccwtaxonomybaseurlfilterurlinboundaltercode function is automatically called so that is not the problem. I am hoping this is a syntax issue or something inside the switch because I have spent a lot of time debugging this.p  precodefunction extractURLNamemyurl   domain  parseurlmyurl , PHPURLHOST   if pregmatchPltdomaingt[az09][az09]1,63.[az.]2,6i, domain, list      return substrlist[domain], 0,strposlist[domain], .      return false      Implements hookurlinboundalter.   function ccwtaxonomybaseurlfilterurlinboundalteramppath, originalpath, pathlanguage     ifpath taxonomyterm     path       url  extractURLNameurlNULL, arrayabsolute gt TRUE     site  0     vocab  arg2      switch url        case bmagazine         site  5         vocab  arg2         break       case emagazine         if arg0  high            site  4           vocab  arg3           break          else            site  3           vocab  arg3           break                case smagazine         site  2         vocab  arg2         break       case fmagazine         site  1         vocab  arg2         break       default         site  1         break          path  taxonomyterm.vocab..site      dpmpath  debugging tool   return path  codepre  pBy the way, codeargcode is a drupal function as well that grabs a URL path variable.p
Positive 42922 pI need to set up a secure website to transfer data between 5 computers located in different states. The data is sensitive. p  pI am planning to use drupal. However, I read many articles about drupal 7 getting hacked . So I want to restrict website access using web.config . As far as I understand nobody can even try to hack the website because it will be not accessible from any IP not listed in the web.config Does this guarantee 100 protection  p  precodeltsecuritygt     ltipSecurity allowUnlistedfalsegt    lt this line blocks everybody, except those listed below gt                         ltcleargt lt removes all upstream restrictions gt         ltadd ipAddress127.0.0.1 allowedtruegt    lt allow requests from the local machine gt         ltadd ipAddress83.xxx.xx.53 allowedtruegt   lt allow the specific IP of 83.116.19.53  gt                         ltadd ipAddress83.xxx.xx.0 subnetMaskxxx.255.255.0 allowedtruegt   ltallow network 83.116.119.0 to 83.116.119.255gt                         ltadd ipAddress83.xxx.0.0 subnetMask2xx55.255.0.0 allowedtruegt   ltallow network 83.116.0.0 to 83.116.255.255gt                         ltadd ipAddress83.xxxx.0.0 subnetMask255.0.0.0 allowedtruegt   ltallow entire 8 network of 83.0.0.0 to 83.xxx.255.255gt                     ltipSecuritygt ltsecuritygt codepre
Positive 42922 pIm developing a sub theme using zen theme. Here i want to change the default content page layout. Let me know how to change this. p
Positive 42922 precodefunction cdwtaxonomybaseurlfilterurlinboundalteramppath, originalpath, pathlanguage codepre  pMy goal is to alter the url based on the path a user is on and I am not sure whether to initially check the path or original path first.p  pIf a user visits taxonomyterm I want to append an additional contextual filter on the end, ie. taxonomyterm. However, as a result of a user visiting a path like taxonomyterm85 the url will alias to wwww.example.combanks, with banks being the taxonomy term that maps to 85.p
Positive 42922 pUsing Drupal 7, views 3.p  pI have a view a table with another view showing a map associated on its header. This header view is a Globalview p  pI want the user to choose if wants to see both views table and map or only the table. I could do some javascript stuff hiding the map view, but the question is to improve performance by just javascripting Drupal would have to do the job of getting the data for both views, even if user only selects to see the table viewp  pWith an export of the main view, I can see this part related to the view on the header faunasmapp  precode Header Global View Views field view  handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][id]  viewfield handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][table]  views handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][field]  viewfield handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][label]  test handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][elementlabelcolon]  FALSE handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][view]  faunasview handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[header][viewfield][display]  faunasmap handlergtdisplaygtdisplayoptions[defaults][footer]  FALSE codepre  pI have tried to unset the header with a prebuild hook with differents, methods, check belowp  precodefunction viewstestingviewsprebuildampview   using kpr I see that viewgtdisplay[faunasmap] does not exist anymore there, but the map view is plotted in case unsetviewgtdisplay[faunasmap] kprview Fatal error Call to a member function getoption on a nonobject in varwwwhtmlbopasitesallmodulesmodulesviewsincludesview.inc on line 1137  using kpr I see that viewgtdisplayhandlergthandlers[header] does not exist anymore there, but the map view is plotted in case unsetviewgtdisplayhandlergthandlers[header] Fatal error Call to a member function getoption on a nonobject in varwwwhtmlbopasitesallmodulesmodulesviewsincludesview.inc on line 1137  the code related to the fatal error on view.inc line 1137 is as follows.             Dont allow to use deactivated displays, but display them on the live preview.            if thisgtdisplay[thisgtcurrentdisplay]gthandlergtgetoptionenabled ampamp emptythisgtlivepreview                thisgtbuildinfo[fail]  TRUE               return FALSE              Just for testing, uncommenting this code the  error log disappears but the map view is plotted . codepre  pSome more testings I did so far in viewstestingviewsprebuildampviewp  precode         unsetviewgtdisplay[faunaviews]gtdisplayoptions[header]          unsetviewgtdisplay[faunaviews]gthandlergtoptions[header] codepre  pI get error Notice Undefined property viewsdisplayhandler in viewexecute line 1137 of varwwwhtmlmysitesitesallmodulesmodulesviewsincludesview.inc.p  precode    headeritem  viewgtgetitemdefault, header, text     viewgtsetitemoptiondefault, header, text, content, MY TEXT . headeritem[content] codepre  pErrors p  precodeNotice Undefined index id in viewsplugindisplaygtgethandlers line 935 of varwwwhtmlbopasitesallmodulesmodulesviewspluginsviewsplugindisplay.inc. Notice Undefined index table in viewsplugindisplaygtgethandlers line 960 of varwwwhtmlmysitesitesallmodulesmodulesviewspluginsviewsplugindisplay.inc. Notice Undefined index field in viewsplugindisplaygtgethandlers line 960 of varwwwhtmlmysitesitesallmodulesmodulesviewspluginsviewsplugindisplay.inc. Notice Undefined index table in viewshandlergtinit line 226 of varwwwhtmlmysitesitesallmodulesmodulesviewsincludeshandlers.inc. codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to tune a production SQL server.  After making adjustments such as changing the degree of parallelism I want to know if it helped or hurt query execution times.p  pThis seems like an obvious performance counter, but for the last half hour Ive been searching Google and the counter list in perfmon, and I have not been able to find a performance counter for SQL server to give me the average execution time for all queries hitting a server.  The SQL Server equivalent of the ASP.NET Request Execution Time.p  pDoes one exist that Im missing  Is there another effective way of monitoring the average query times for a serverp
Negative 42922 pLets say that I have 10,000 regexes and one string and I want to find out if the string matches any of them and get all the matches. The trivial way to do it would be to just query the string one by one against all regexes. Is there a faster,more efficient way to do it p  pEDIT I have tried substituting it with DFAs lex The problem here is that it would only give you one single pattern. If I have a string hello and patterns [Hh]ello and .0,20ello, DFA will only match one of them, but I want both of them to hit.p
Negative 42922 pHow can I calculate the last business day of the month in .NETp
Negative 42922 pI have a directory full of files and I need to pull the headers and footers off of them. They are all variable length so using head or tail isnt going to work. Each file does have a line I can search for, but I dont want to include the line in the results.p  pIts usually p  precode Start more text here codepre  pAnd ends with p  precode Finish more text here codepre  pI want the file names to stay the same, so I need to overwrite the originals, or write to a different directory and Ill overwrite them myself.p  pOh yeah, its on a linux server of course, so I have Perl, sed, awk, grep, etc.p
Negative 42922 pI am executing a codediffcode command in codeperlcode.p  precodemy lines  usrlocalbindiff udr expectedfile genfile  if   0      print ERRFILE Diff between expectedfile and genfile failedn     return differr  codepre  pHere the codediffcode might have failed because of some reason. For example the stderr showed that emusrlocalbindiff test.txt No such file or directoryem. I want to read this message in the program. How I can find the stderr message of the codediffcode command or codegrepcode or any command I executep  pAppreciate the help in advance.p  pThanks, Mathew Lijup
Negative 42922 pIm using Delphi 2009 and want to operate some XML data. I heard that nativeXML is one of the most convenient ways to do it. so how can I install this libraryp
Negative 42922 pI am working on a very large legacy code base. We are looking to introduce FindBugs into the development practice.p  pI intend to have FindBugs run whenever the code is built by eclipse.p  pI would like to be able to make the findbugs warnings appear as errors in the code much in this way you can change the severity level in eclipse p  pIs it possible for eclipse to report the warnings it produces as errorsp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIs it possible to hide the scroll bar on an HTML textarea element using CSS or any other means p
Negative 42922 pI have setup both mirroring and and log shipping on 8 databases of about 10 GB each size on same instance, but now when I want to mirror another database it very long to display the Database Properties page. Any suggestion for this problem.p
Negative 42922 pWe have created a list of traps notifications that our application is exposing and described it in a MIB file.p  pToday, we found ourselves in a situation where we need to update the MIB and add an additional emoptionalem parameter to the trap update the Objects so that, in the end, well have an existing notification that has one more parameter.p  pMy question is because I really dont know what the SNMP manager will dop  ol liIf my customer emdidntem install the updated MIB with the updated objects in the trap, and I send the new parameter, what will happen on SNMP manager client sideli liWhat will happen if the customer installed the new MIB and I send a trap emwithoutem the new parameterli ol  pIntuitively, as a developer, I would expect that everything will be OK, meaning that for 1 the trap will be seen the new parameter showed without translation of OID, or not shown at all, and for 2 the trap will be seen and there will be no issues.p  pAlso, in general, when a trap message definition has a parameter, is it mandatory or optionalp
Negative 42922 pI have a string codeUser name salescode and I want to extract the text between the brackets, how would I do this p  pI suspect substring but I cant work out how to read until the closing bracket, the length of text will vary.p
Negative 42922 pI have this question Does implementing a custom MembershipProvider class needs you to implement a custom Membership class too I am a bit confused about implementing a custom membership framework on ASP.NET.p  pI dont have sample classes to show you but what if the previous website used a database or schema that is different to the ones ASP.NET usesp  pMany thanksp
Negative 42922 pWe have a huge old legacy java codebase, where many files around 5k have System.out.printlns. We are planning to remove them for cleanupperformance reasons. How can we write a script that will replace them without introducing any issues in the code The script cannot blindly delete them as following case can be an issuep  precodeif    some.code... else   System.out.println... DB.close codepre  pIm thinking of replacing them with . That will take care of above case. Do you see any other issues Any other suggestionsp
Negative 42922 pWhat tools or approaches would you recommend to a oneman team to keep organized p  pIm doing research that involves a lot of coding, writing hundreds of throwaway perl scripts, C binaries that get used until I find some better approach, large amounts of data that gets preprocessed in different ways, where some new preprocessing makes the old way obsolete  until I find out that the old way was actually better, and so on. My work is inherently a moving target, as I have to try many things out, and often none of it is perfect.p  pIts not a completely chaotic situation, but its also far from perfect. Are there general approaches that you would recommend in such a situation I do use codeSVNcode for my code, although not for the different versions of the data because that gets too big. Its hard to keep track of all the scripts and binaries, so I always comment them, write down how I ran them etc. But Im curious if you have some additional ideas.p  pI work on a linux system.p
Negative 42922 pI am in the process of switching to AccuRev from another SCM. I have quite a few projects and am struggling how to properly lay them out in AccuRev. p  pI have quite a few related projects and would like to keep them in a single depot, but I havent found out how to separate them so you can keep track of individual projects. In other words, I dont want to have to pull emeveryem project at once. p  pMy project layout now isp  precodeProject Group    Sub project 1    Sub project 2 Project 2 Project etc... codepre  pDoes anyone have suggestions how to manage these projects in a single depot or should I just go with multiple depots one for each projectp
Negative 42922 pHi i am trying to link flex to django with Pyamfp  pAs a first step i tried the basic Hello World  a hrefhttppyamf.orgwikiDjangoHowto relnofollowhttppyamf.orgwikiDjangoHowtoap  pBut that results in an ErrorFault.p  pI use django 1.0.2p  pstrongamfgateway.pystrong in the root folder of my project same level as settingsp  precodeimport pyamf from pyamf.remoting.gateway.django import DjangoGateway from django.contrib.auth.models import User  pyamf.registerclassUser, django.contrib.auth.models.User  def getusersrequet     return User.objects.all  def echorequest, data     return data  services       myservice.echo echo,     myservice.getusers getusers,   edoGateway  DjangoGatewayservices, exposerequestFalse codepre  pstrongIn urls.pystrongp  precodeurlpatterns  patterns,       test pyamf     urlrgateway, amfgateway.edoGateway,     ...  codepre  pThen when i test the example with pyamf clientp  precodefrom pyamf.remoting.client import RemotingService  gw  RemotingServicehttp127.0.0.18000gateway service  gw.getServicemyservice  print service.echoHello World codepre  pstrongI getstrong p  pemErrorFault levelerror code500 typeuAttributeError descriptionuCannot find a view for the path [gatewaymyserviceecho], DjangoGateway object has no attribute strongnam estrong Traceback uCannot find a view for the path [gatewaymyserviceecho], DjangoGateway object ha s no attribute strongnamestrongemp
Negative 42922 pWhich way is preferredp  precodeSqlCommand  new SqlCommandquery  command.Parameters.AddFoo command.Parameters[0].Value  Foo command.Parameters.AddBar command.Parameters[1].Value  Bar   or  command.Parameters.AddFoo command.Parameters.AddBar command.Parameters[Foo].Value  Foo command.Parameters[Bar].Value  Bar codepre
Negative 42922 pSo Ive got a project, running all on a private network.   Ive got a computer interfacing to some specific pieces of hardware and presenting a user interface via Winforms to control them all.   p  pNow, Id like the ability to split the app, such that all the interface and main business logic runs on one computer, but the GUI runs on another, connected via a network.  There will be only one GUI running.  The first impulse is, of course use remote desktop, but theres high framerate video being displayed that wont quite work that way.   p  pThe video I can stream multiple ways, but whats the easiest way to communicate between a Winforms frontend and service backend  .Net Remoting  WCF  Roll my ownp
Negative 42922 pI have a parent user control with a label. On the parents OnInit, I dynamically load the child control. From the child control, I will need to set the parents label to something.p  pUsing the Parent property returns the immediate parent which is actually a PlaceHolder in my case. Theoretically, I can recursively loop to get the reference to the Parent User control. Am I heading in the right direction here Is there a straightforward way of doing thisp
Negative 42922 pI need a way to find only strongrenderedstrong IMG tags in a HTML snippet. So, I cant just regex the HTML snippet to find all IMG tags because Id also get IMG tags that are shown as text in the HTML not rendered.p  pIm using Python on AppEngine.p  pAny ideasp  pThanks, Ivanp
Negative 42922 pDuplicate a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions742350determinethenameofthevariableusedasaparametertoamethodhttpstackoverflow.comquestions742350determinethenameofthevariableusedasaparametertoamethodap  pIs there any way to retrieve the name of a parameter that was passed into a method e.g.p  precodeint someParameter  1 MethodsomeParameter  public void Methodint parameter       I want the name of parameter which will be someParameter.  codepre
Negative 42922 pAlmost any working PHP programmer has faced having to use CURL to send raw HTTP requests, whether its for credit card payment processing, nefarious screen scraping, or something inbetween.p  pAlmost any forum where PHP programmers congregate has a large number of people who a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comtagscurlcant get the cURL functions to do what they wanta.p  pWhen cURL isnt working for you, what troubleshooting techniques do you use to figure out why it isnt working  What weird gotchas with PHPs curl implementation have you run into  If someone asks a HALP MY CURL IZ BROKEN question on a forum, what are the steps you take to figure out why their request isnt workingp
Negative 42922 pwhat are some of the tools that I should knowp  pThis is one of my question to get a quick round up from the community and get uptospeed about the latest.p  pI know the basic definition that is p  pThe Document Object Model is an API for HTML and XML documents. It provides a structural representation of the document, enabling you to modify its content and visual presentation. Essentially, it connects web pages to scripts or programming languages. p  pI am more interested in finding where it will go in the coming years..p
Negative 42922 pIm looking for some good opensource sample applications that use the Table Module pattern to organize the business logic can be any language. p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 42922 pIve dabbled with Haskell in the past, and recently got back into it seriously, and Im reading real world haskell. Some of the examples theyve shone, Ive yet to understand. Such at this onep  precodemyLength []      0 myLength xxs  1  myLength xs codepre  pI dont see how this works, what is 1 really being added too How is the recursion returning something that can be added to I dont get it.p  pAnd here we have this onep  precodesplitLines []  [] splitLines cs         let pre, suf  break isLineTerminator cs        in  pre  case suf of                     rnrest gt splitLines rest                    rrest      gt splitLines rest                    nrest      gt splitLines rest                                    gt []  isLineTerminator c  c  r  c  n codepre  pHow does this work, what is pre really being attached too I dont see how the the result of the case expression is something that pre can be concatenated to. Maybe I just need someone to explain the evaluation of these functions in details. I must be missing something very vital.p  pThanks in advancep  pEDIT I know, it was a copypaste fail. Sorry.p  pEDIT 2 It seems my confusion was with what these functions were actually returning I have it all worked out now. Thanks for the answers guys, it finally clicked I appreciate itp
Negative 42922 phow do I draw a ERD with cardinality I am still in school and I am not sure how to go about it. I just need a sample idea Thanksp
Negative 42922 pThis is probably more of a subjective question, but which language not API like .NET or JDK would you use should you write your own operating system Which language provides flexibility, simplicity, and possibly a lowlevel interface to the hardware I was thinking Java or C...p
Negative 42922 pOn the new Palm Pre everything is done via javascript etc. you can even use the camera and as I have heard play music. Is the second part also true for the desktop or is it a special webosmojo featurep
Negative 42922 pSay you have a flexunit test that looks like thisp  precodepackage foo      import flexunit.framework.TestCase     import flash.utils.getDefinitionByName     import flash.utils.getQualifiedSuperclassName     class DescribeTypeTest        public function testDescribeInnerTypevoid          var currentInstanceChildBar  new ChildBar         tracegetDefinitionByNamegetQualifiedSuperclassNamecurrentInstance              class Bar class ChildBar extends Bar codepre  pWhich throws the exception Error 1065 Variable Bar is not defined. It only applies to inner classes classes outside the package.p  pDoes anyone have any way to get this to workp
Negative 42922 pIve got a CSV file full of contact information and Im trying to load it into GMail contacts, but the email addresses arent all correctly formatted so GMail doesnt recognise it as an email field. I can open the CSV file in Excel Mac but I dont know if theres a way of pattern matching in Excel. Also, some of the fields may contain commas such as address fields and so using sedawk could be difficult. Is there any way I can quickly find which email addresses are incorrectly formattedp
Negative 42922 pId like some technical information on how it works, and how I can disable or enumerate the Fault Tolerant Heap shims that are associated with processes that crash frequently.  Is there a heuristic of some sort that Windows 7 uses to decide when to apply an FTH shimp
Negative 42922 pIm using the Fancybox jquery script to open some videos in a lightbox.p  pIts working fine in all browsers except for IE6.p  pThe lightbox opens but then the video wont load.p  pHeres the link to the page  p  pa hrefhttpwww.bevelite.com.auskyglassvideos relnofollowhttpwww.bevelite.com.auskyglassvideosap  pPlease helpp
Negative 42922 pI am using an AxisRenderer that is positioned to the right of a BarChart and am looking for a way to position a title for the values in the AxisRenderer above them.  p  pHow do you find the position of the labels in an axis renderer  It seems like AxisRenderer.width returns the width of the chart and AxisRenderer.x returns the edge of the whole charts.p  pHeres an attempts at a picturep  precode                                Title xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx           axis value xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx     xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  axis value xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx    xxxxxxxxx    xxxxxxxxx                       axis value xxxxxxxxx codepre  pIm trying to position the title above the axis values positioned by the AxisRenderer.  Basically, for a non absolutely positioned axis, how do you determine where it isp
Negative 42922 pRecently ive noticed, that the PagePreRender event is not being fired. If codeprotected override void OnPreRendercode is used  everything is fine. AutoWire is enabled and the same code performs just fine on another machine...p  pWhere should i dig p
Negative 42922 pHow do I access the HTTP POST request body in a WCF REST servicep  pHere is the service definitionp  precode[ServiceContract] public interface ITestService      [OperationContract]     [WebInvokeMethod  POST, UriTemplate  EntryPoint]     MyData GetData  codepre  pHere is the implementationp  precodepublic MyData GetData      return new MyData  codepre  pI though of using the following code to access the HTTP requestp  precodeIncomingWebRequestContext context  WebOperationContext.Current.IncomingRequest codepre  pBut the IncomingWebRequestContext only gives access to the headers, not the body.p  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pI am in the very beginnings of teaching myself php. I am giving myself micro projects to push myself.p  pThus far I have a MYSQL database, created through a php form. One Column is for karma. I have the values of the database table display in an html table, and at the end of each row, I would like a click on a hyperlink, lets say a plus sign, to increase that rows karma level by 1. Then the plus sign would go away.p  pI should that each row has an auto increment integer as a primary key.p
Negative 42922 pMentally, Ive always wondered how trythrowcatch looks behind the scenes, when the C compiles translates it to assembler. But since I never use it, I never got around to checking it out some people would say lazy.p  pIs the normal stack used for keeping track of codetrycodes, or is a separate perthread stack kept for this purpose alone Is the implementation between MSVC and g big or small Please show me some pseudo asm IA32 is ok too so I never have to check it out myself p  pstrongEditstrong Now I get the basics of MSVCs implementation on IA32 handling. Anybody know for g on IA32, or any other CPU for that matterp
Negative 42922 pstrongDear MDX experts,strongp  pem Is it possible to get the concurrent calculation based on a record time rangeemp  pstrongemLets say I haveemstrong emstart dateem, emend dateem, emusedem, and emcolorem available... in my fact table..p  pIs it possible to get the concurrent of emusedem per time the biggest sum of used that happened during the same range, if yes  what about concurrent used per colorp
Negative 42922 pThis question is directed to anyone out there that is just starting in stronghobbystrong game development. The first thing that comes to ones mind is p  pstrongWhich languageframework should I usestrongp  hr  pList of solutionsp  ul lia hrefhttpwww.adobe.comflashplatform relnofollowAdobe Flasha  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma224168322644doneabli lia hrefhttpwww.talula.demon.co.ukallegro relnofollowAllegroali lia hrefhttpapocalyx.sourceforge.net relnofollowApocalyxali lia hrefhttpwiki.blender.orgindex.phpGameEngine relnofollowBlender Game Engineali lia hrefhttpwww.blitzbasic.com relnofollowBlitz3Dali lia hrefhttpwww.devkitpro.org relnofollowDevkit Proali lia hrefhttpwww.yoyogames.comgamemaker relnofollowGame Makerali lia hrefhttplibgosu.org relnofollowGosuali lia hrefhttpwww.indielib.com relnofollowIndieLibali lia hrefhttpjmonkeyengine.com relnofollowjMonkey Enginea  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14953482644doneabli lia hrefhttpwww.microsoft.comsilverlight relnofollowMicrosoft Silverlightali lia hrefhttpcreators.xna.com relnofollowMicrosoft XNAa  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14845192644doneabli lia hrefhttpwww.clickteam.comwebsiteusa relnofollowMultimedia Fusion  Games Factoryali lia hrefhttpwww.ogre3d.org relnofollowOGREa  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14845112644doneabli lia hrefhttpwww.pygame.org relnofollowpygamea  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14847542644doneabli lia hrefhttpwww.pyglet.org relnofollowpygleta  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14860352644doneabli lia hrefhttprubygame.org relnofollowRubygGameali lia hrefhttpwww.libsdl.org relnofollowSDLa  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma189414692644doneabli lia hrefhttpwww.sfmldev.org relnofollowSFMLali lia hrefhttpwww.garagegames.comproductstorque3d relnofollowTorque 3Dali lia hrefhttpunity3d.com relnofollowUnity 3Dali liCustom  ba hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14842862644doneabli ul  hr  pAnswer templatep  pstrongFramework Name Linkedstrongp  pPros  p  ul liPro1li liPro2li li...li ul  pCons  p  ul liCon1li liCon2li li...li ul
Negative 42922 pI was looking at Qt example a hrefhttpdoc.trolltech.com4.5toolscustomtypesendingwindowcpp.htmlhereap  pand inside the constructor, they havep  precode WindowWindow        editor  new QTextEdit    Memory leak      QPushButton sendButton  new QPushButtontrampSend message  Memory leak       connectsendButton, SIGNALclicked, this, SLOTsendMessage       QHBoxLayout buttonLayout  new QHBoxLayout   Memory leak      buttonLayoutgtaddStretch      buttonLayoutgtaddWidgetsendButton      buttonLayoutgtaddStretch       QVBoxLayout layout  new QVBoxLayoutthis     Memory leak      layoutgtaddWidgeteditor      layoutgtaddLayoutbuttonLayout       setWindowTitletrCustom Type Sending   codepre  pThose lines with comments p  precode Memory leak codepre  parent those memory leaksp  pIf so, since the Window class has no constructor, then I should make all of those variables editor already is Window member variables   p  pOr..does Qt internally delete those member variables when it goes out of scopep
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to abort the print event after a user has pressed the web browsers print buttonp  pThis works for print buttons within the HTML jQueryp  precodeprintbtn.clickfunction      if confirmAre you sure you want to print Consider the environment          window.print       codepre  pIs there a way to do the same with the web browsers print button For IE there seemes to be a onbeforeprint event, but from there I cant find a way to abort the printing.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pSpecifically. I am making an ajax app and trying to preserve the back button. My javascript is working properly and registering a new url in the address bar with an anchorlike hash in the urlp  pa hrefhttpt2b.localhostclients relnofollowhttpt2b.localhostclientsap  pI can catch the url when the page loads with javascript and load the clients page, but I want to know if there is a way to read the entire url with php or with htaccess Looking at normal variables, I seem to only be able to get the url up to the occurrence of the  a hrefhttpt2b.localhost relnofollowhttpt2b.localhosta. p
Negative 42922 pI have a Select query which executes on a transactional table having more than 4 million records. Whenever I execute this query , I observe that all write and update operations on that particular transactional table become suspended and we start getting exceptions from java side that lock wait timeout exceeds , try restarting transaction. Currently lock wait timeout is set to 200 seconds. I am unable to understand that why a select statement can create such locks on the table and block all insertupdate statements.  The table storage engine is InnoDb and primary key is autoincrement key. The MySQL Version is 5.1.40. I am not beginning any transaction while executing this queryp  pAny Ideap  pHere is the Queryp  pSELECT      cd.accid accId,      castcd.citime as date trdate,      coalescecd.cnumber, replacecd.executerid, ,  as cno,      CASE          WHEN coalescecd.language, English  English          THEN 1          ELSE 2      END As language,      CASE          WHEN cd.cnumber is null          THEN N          ELSE Y      END      iscno,      replacecd.executerid, ,  executerid,      count trcount,      Sumcoalesce                         SELECT              countDISTINCT distributionlog.distid          FROM              distributionlog,              distributionlogdetail          WHERE              distributionlog.distributionlogid       distributionlogdetail.distributionlogid              AND distributionlogdetail.serviceid not in P1, P3              and distributionlog.stateid                Register              AND distributionlog.distid                 cd.distid                    , 0            accAbandonedduring,      Sum         CASE              WHEN coalesce                                                SELECT                      countDISTINCT distributionlog.distid                  FROM                      distributionlog                  WHERE                      distributionlog.accid        58                      AND distributionlog.distid   cd.distid                      and distributionlog.stateid  Register                                   ,0               p  blockquote   p0                THEN 0                ELSE 1            END               accAbandonedbef,        Sumcoalesce                             SELECT                COUNT            FROM                cqdetail cqd            WHERE                cqd.distid  cd.distid                      ,0               AS optedforcsr,        Sumcoalesce                             SELECT                countDISTINCT cqd.distid            FROM                cqdetail cqd,                cadetail cad            WHERE                cqd.distid      cd.distid                AND cad.distid  cd.distid            GROUP BY                cqd.distid            HAVING                SUMcad.agentansweredflag  0                       ,0               AS csrtrsans,        Sumcoalesce                             SELECT                countDISTINCT cqd.distid            FROM                cqdetail cqd            WHERE                cqd.distid                                                                   cd.distid                AND FAnswercqd.distid                                                  0                AND timetosectimediffcqd.cqendtime, cqd.cqinittime lt 60                       ,0               AS abonatcsrund,        Sumcoalesce                             SELECT                countDISTINCT cqd.distid            FROM                cqdetail cqd            WHERE                cqd.distid                                                                    cd.distid                AND FAnswercqd.distid                                                   0                AND timetosectimediffcqd.cqendtime, cqd.cqinittime  60                       ,0               AS abonatcsrabv,        Sumcoalesce                  CASE                WHEN                               SELECT                    countDISTINCT distributionlog.distid                FROM                    distributionlog,                    distributionlogdetail                WHERE                    distributionlog.distributionlogid  distributionlogdetail.distributionlogid                    AND distributionlogdetail.serviceid  P1                    and distributionlogdetail.respcode   00                    AND distributionlog.distid            cd.distid                   0                THEN 1            END           , 0               AS accsuccessful,        Sumcoalesce                  CASE                WHEN                               SELECT                    countDISTINCT distributionlog.distid                FROM                    distributionlog,                    distributionlogdetail                WHERE                    distributionlog.distributionlogid  distributionlogdetail.distributionlogid                    AND distributionlogdetail.serviceid  P1                    and distributionlogdetail.respcode lt 00                    AND distributionlog.distid            cd.distid                    0                THEN 1            END           , 0               AS accunsuccessful    FROM        trdetail cd    WHERE        cd.accid               58        AND cd.citime  20091105        AND cd.citime  lt Cast20091105 as date1    GROUP BY        1,2,3 limit 1p blockquote
Negative 42922 pI am new write a pixel shader and use in my managed directx project, where i can get some basic sample to start it.p
Negative 42922 pHow do you search and delete a line not replace from multiple files in a directory tree I have tried programs such as grepWin and Windows Grep but they replace lines, they do not delete the entire line. What is my best option p  pExample Search for hello and delete any line with hello in it.p  precodeyo hello hey hey hi hello bye  bye codepre  pshould come backp  precodeyo bye bye codepre
Negative 42922 pI enjoy the game of a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiGo28game29Goa also known as weiqi in China or baduk in Korea.  I want to create a program an evaluation function to play it.p  pI would prefer if the framework handled two important tasksp  ul liHandle rules for the game, including captures, ko rules, and final scoring.li liHandle communication between a server like KGS and my program.li ul  pAlso, my home machines run Linux or Mac OS X I cannot use any onlyWindows platforms.p  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pI have the following macro in outlook to clear my deleted folder.  its strange as it doesnt seem to delete all entries.  I have to run this a few times for it to clear to deleted items folder. usually 2 or 3 times.  Each time the number of deleted items in the folder does get reduced but I dont understand why everything doesnt get wiped out in the first go.p  pHere is my code Anything wrongp  precodePublic Sub EmptyDeletedEmailFolder      Dim outApp As Outlook.Application     Dim deletedFolder As Outlook.MAPIFolder     Dim item As Object     Dim entryID As String      Set outApp  CreateObjectoutlook.application     Set deletedFolder  outApp.GetNamespaceMAPI.GetDefaultFolderolFolderDeletedItems      For Each item In deletedFolder.Items         item.Delete              Delete from mail folder     Next      Set item  Nothing     Set deletedFolder   Nothing     Set outApp  Nothing  End Sub codepre
Negative 42922 pWe have an Open Source software project in the very beginning. The program is thought to be highly modular for example, the underlying database can be either sqlite, postgre, or berkley, depending on the preferences of the enduser.p  pOnly one systematic approach Im confident with, is to use Autotools GNU build system. I would like to know however, do exist any promising alternative to it It must be Open Source and be highly portable. It should also avoid all shortages of Autotools system, e.g. lack of concurrency support configure script is very slow.p
Negative 42922 pIm getting this error when trying to run a program in creating, how shold i interpet the error message, the macro runs just fine for many loops but then just suddely it breaks, giving this error.p  precode Exception Text  System.ArgumentException Value of 1 is not valid for blue. blue should be greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to 255.    at System.Drawing.Color.CheckByteInt32 value, String name    at System.Drawing.Color.FromArgbInt32 alpha, Int32 red, Int32 green, Int32 blue    at System.Drawing.Color.FromArgbInt32 red, Int32 green, Int32 blue    at DispatcherTool.ColorCheck.GetPixelAtCursor    at DispatcherTool.ColorCheck.getPixel    at DispatcherTool.ColorCheck.checkColorBlackInt32 blackCordsX, Int32 blackCordsY    at DispatcherTool.mainnormal.checkColor    at DispatcherTool.mainnormal.startMacroTextBox valX    at DispatcherTool.mainnormal.button5ClickObject sender, EventArgs e    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.OnClickEventArgs e    at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnClickEventArgs e    at System.Windows.Forms.Button.OnMouseUpMouseEventArgs mevent    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WmMouseUpMessageamp m, MouseButtons button, Int32 clicks    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProcMessageamp m    at System.Windows.Forms.ButtonBase.WndProcMessageamp m    at System.Windows.Forms.Button.WndProcMessageamp m    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessageMessageamp m    at System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProcMessageamp m    at System.Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.CallbackIntPtr hWnd, Int32 msg, IntPtr wparam, IntPtr lparam codepre  pcode around this point is,p  precode    [DllImportgdi32]     private static extern int GetPixelIntPtr hdc, int x, int y     [DllImportUser32]     private static extern IntPtr GetWindowDCIntPtr hwnd        region Pixel color test      private static readonly IntPtr DesktopDC  GetWindowDCIntPtr.Zero      public static System.Drawing.Color GetPixelAtCursor              System.Drawing.Point p  Cursor.Position         int color  GetPixelDesktopDC, p.X, p.Y         return System.Drawing.Color.FromArgbcolor amp 0xFF, color gtgt 8 amp 0xFF, color gtgt 16      codepre
Negative 42922 pMy Django app started breaking all of a sudden and I cannot understand why. I cant even get it to run now. Im running revision 11798. p  pWhen I use the standalone server to test my app, it suddenly started not importing csrf. I previously had it working perfectly. I tried to see what was up by using the shell and here was the resultp  precode .manage.py shell Python 2.6.3 r26375184, Oct  2 2009, 075603  [GCC 4.0.1 Apple Inc. build 5493] on darwin gtgtgt import django gtgtgt from django import middleware gtgtgt from django.middleware import csrf Traceback most recent call last   File ltconsolegt, line 1, in ltmodulegt ImportError cannot import name csrf gtgtgt codepre  pI checked the filesystem to see if the file was there and it was and intact. I am horribly confused. Can anyone help me outp  pThe Django error followsp  precodeFile LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions2.6libpython2.6sitepackagesDjango1.1.1py2.6.eggdjangocoreserversbasehttp.py, line 279, in run     self.result  applicationself.environ, self.startresponse    File LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions2.6libpython2.6sitepackagesDjango1.1.1py2.6.eggdjangocoreserversbasehttp.py, line 651, in call     return self.applicationenviron, startresponse    File LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions2.6libpython2.6sitepackagesDjango1.1.1py2.6.eggdjangocorehandlerswsgi.py, line 230, in call     self.loadmiddleware    File LibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions2.6libpython2.6sitepackagesDjango1.1.1py2.6.eggdjangocorehandlersbase.py, line 42, in loadmiddleware     raise exceptions.ImproperlyConfigured, Error importing middleware s s  mwmodule, e  ImproperlyConfigured Error importing middleware django.middleware.csrf No module named csrf codepre
Negative 42922 pThere are two tables on my page and they appear sidebyside. I want to align the tops of the two tables. How to do thatp  pEditedp  precodeltbodygt lttable idmain cols2gt lttrgt lttdgt ltForm idfrmNewEntry methodpost actioninsertlisting.phpgt lttable idtblEntry cols3 stylebordercolorlightblue borderstylesolidgt lttrgtlttd colspan3 bgcolorlightblue aligncentergtltstronggtRealTime Vacancy Entryltstronggtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtDatelttdgtlttdgtltinput idLDate nameLDate typetext size20 maxlength11gt[Select Date from the Calendar Control] ltscript typetextjavascriptgt calendar.setLDate ltscriptgtlttdgt lttdgt lttablegt lttrgt lttd rowspan6gt ltltiframe srcshowdbvacancyentries.php height800px width300px bordercolorcyangt  ltiframegt gt lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt lttdgt lttrgt lttrgtlttdgtPlaceslttdgtlttdgtltinput idPlaces namePlaces typetext size35 maxlength30 onblurthis.valueMakeInitialCapitalthis.valuegtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtCompanylttdgtlttdgtltinput idCompany nameCompany typetext size50 onblurthis.valueMakeInitialCapitalthis.valuegt ltltinput typebutton valueMake Initial Capital alignleft onclickthis.valueMakeInitialCapitalthis.valuegtlttrgt gt lttrgtlttdgtDesignationlttdgtlttdgtltinput idDesignation nameDesignation typetext size50 onblurthis.valueMakeInitialCapitalthis.valuegtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtProject Detailslttdgtlttdgtlttextarea idProjectDetails nameProjectDetails cols100 rows10gtlttextareagtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtDesired Candidatelttdgtlttdgtlttextarea idDesiredCandidate nameDesiredCandidate rows3 cols100gtlttextareagt ltbrgtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtHR Namelttdgtlttdgtltinput idHRName nameHRName typetext size50 onblurthis.valueMakeInitialCapitalthis.valuegt ltbrgtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtHR Contactlttdgtlttdgtltinput idHRContact nameHRContact typetext size50gt ltbrgtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtEmaillttdgtlttdgtltinput idEmail nameEmail typetext size50gt ltbrgtlttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttrgt lttrgt lttd  bgcolorlightbluegt ltinput idSubmit nameSubmit valueClear typebuttongt lttdgt  lttd bgcolorlightbluegt ltinput idSubmit nameSubmit valueSubmit typebuttongt lttdgt lttrgt  lttablegt ltFormgt lttdgt lttdgt lttable idlist cols2 stylebordernonegt lttrgt lttd colspan2 stylebordernonegt ltiframe srcshowdbvacancyentries.php height800px stylebordernonegt  ltiframegt lttdgt lttrgt lttrgt lttd alignleftgt ltinput idUpdate nameUpdate valueUpdate typebuttongt lttdgt lttd alignrightgt ltinput idDelete nameDelete valueDelete typebuttongt lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt ltbodygt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am using the UIImagePicker to access the camera on my iPhone app. I would like to be able to have two different overlays for the imagepicker, depending on the orientation of the iPhone. Is it possible to do this It seems like if I place the following method in the class that owns the UIImagePickerController, it does not get called at all, and in any uiviewcontroller above that it only gets called once the UIImagePickerController is not active.p  precodeBOOLshouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationinterfaceOrientation     NSLogshouldAutorotate called    return YES  codepre  pAny idea how to achieve the desired effectp
Negative 42922 pI am using ColdFusion 9, with create a verity collection name shopColl. I create a task schedule to call a CFM file to do indexing this collection every 5 minutes.p  pbut I found this error when I try to refresh index in collectionp  precodeAn error occurred while performing an operation in the Search Engine library. DETAILThe collection is not available. com.verity.coll.VCollectionNotAvailableException Collection down after opening. 10  codepre  pCould you help me how to solve this the process seems correct before until this night.p  pThe code below, is in CFM file that task schedule will invoke in routine.p  precodeltcfprocessingdirective  suppresswhitespacetruegt  ltcftrygt     lt pull the content gt     ltcfquery datasourceshop nameshop.getContentgt         SELECT           FROM shop     ltcfquerygt       lt update collection gt     ltcflock namecfindexlock typeexclusive timeout30gt      ltcfindex collectionshopColl              actionrefresh               typecustom              queryshop.getContent              keyid              titletitle              bodytitle,description gt      ltcflockgt      lt Log information about document change gt     ltcflog fileupdateStatus applicationNo        typeinformation        textMESSAGE Eso shop collection updated TIME nowgt       ltcfreturn true gt  ltcfcatch typeanygt     lt Log information about error gt     ltcflog fileupdateStatus applicationNo        typeerror        textMESSAGE error in updating index  cfcatch.message DETAILcfcatch.detail TIME nowgt     ltcfreturn false gt ltcfcatchgt ltcftrygt ltcfprocessingdirectivegt codepre
Negative 42922 pGreetings,p  pI have an application that allows users to import libraries .NET DLLs theyve created, as long as the library conforms to specific guidelines Ive given them use my namespace, decorate methods with my attribute, etc.. I copy each user lib to an internal directory and then load it into its own app domain so user can unload it if desired. Therefore, I have the limitation that you cant load two libs with the same name.p  pId like to remove this limitation without placing each user lib into a unique subdirectory of my internal directory. I tried renaming the user lib when I copy it to my internal directory. For example, if the user says to import cSomeLib.dll and I detect I already have a lib named SomeLib.dll loaded, I copy the new file to ...MyInternalDirSomeLib2.dll. However, when I do this, my load commandp  precodeISomeInterface iSomeLib  someAppDomain.CreateInstanceAndUnwrap                                     SomeLib2,                                      SomeNamespace.SomeClassInSomeLib codepre  pthrows an exceptionp  blockquote   pFileLoadException Could not load file   or assembly MyLib2 or one of its   dependencies. The located assemblys   manifest definition does not match the   assembly reference. Exception from   HRESULT 0x80131040p blockquote  pIs there some way to tell .NET Ignore that fact that the file name has been changed since it was compiledp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to create an updating clock in Javascript. Everything is working correctly as I step through the debugger, except that its not actually updating the span. Any ideas whyp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  The following line of code is in a setInterval   time is set correctly, according to my debugger  document.getElementByIdclock.value  time  ltscriptgt ltspan idclockgtThis should update ltspangt codepre
Negative 42922 pI recently ran into an odd issue where Id get a codeconstiteratorcode instead of the expected codeiteratorcode when iterating through a multiset. It turned out to be a nonissue for MSVC but g gave me an errorp  blockquote   perror invalid initialization of   reference of type myPtramp from   expression of type const   boostsharedptrp blockquote  pRelevant codep  precodetypedef stdmultisetltmyPtrgt myList myList mystuff void tickfloat dt      for myListiterator i  mystuff.begin i  mystuff.end i              myPtr ampmine  i  g problem here, not for MSVC          const myPtr ampmine  i works fine for g         minegttickdt       codepre  pQuite a bit of research revealed that is a problem with lots of previous discussion. I found these relevant bitsp  ul lia hrefhttpgcc.gnu.orgbugzillashowbug.cgiid14990httpgcc.gnu.orgbugzillashowbug.cgiid14990ali lia hrefhttpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgdefects.html322httpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgdefects.html322ali lia hrefhttpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgdefects.html103httpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgdefects.html103ali lia hrefhttpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgclosed.html279httpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgclosed.html279ali lia hrefhttpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgclosed.html528httpwww.openstd.orgjtc1sc22wg21docslwgclosed.html528ali ul  pMy background knowledge and grasp on the issue is limited and thus Id like to know whether the standard doesnt define this behavior well enough in which case g and MSVC implement the behavior to their liking or whether either g or MSVC deviate from a welldefined standard.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pHow to calculate total seconds of strong33 hr 40 mins 40 secsstrong in asp.net cp
Negative 42922 pCan I control a running Google Chrome instance from the command line  Im hoping theres something like a coderemotecode flag that will allow me to send in some javascript or somesuch.  In particular, I would like to reload the topmost document on the foremost window.p
Negative 42922 pI am about to attempt reorganizing the way my group builds a set of large applications that share about 90 of their source files.  Right now, these applications are built without any libraries whatsoever involved except for externally linked ones that are not under our control.  The applications use the same common source files we are not maintaining 5 versions of the same .h.cpp files, but these are not built into any common library.  So, at the moment, we are paying the price of building the same code overandover per application, each time we intend to release a version.  To me, this sounds like a prime candidate for using libraries to capture the shared code and reduce build times.  I do not have the option of using DLLs, so the approach is to use static libraries.p  pI would like to know what tips you would have for how to approach this task.  I have limited experience with creatingorganizing static libraries, so even the basic suggestions towards organizationgotchas are welcome.  Maybe even a good book recommendationp  pI have done a brief exercise by finding the entire subset of files that each application share in common.  As a proof of concept, I took these files and placed them in a single Common Monster static library.  Building the full application using this single static library certainly improves the build time for all of the applications, but should I leave it at this  The purpose of the library in this form is not very focused and seems like a lazy attempt at modularity.  There is ongoing development with these applications, and Im afraid this setup will cause problems further down the line.p
Negative 42922 pI have 25 2D images of equal size, each image represents one layer equally spaced. Each image is in grayscale and black color or values equal 0 in data matrix after importing it is the background that needs to be removed.p  pAnd my questions arep  ul lipHow to combine these 25 images to one 3D image How to draw each one with some space between pli lipHow to remove the background color Is it possible to create some kind of colorscale where values equal 0 will be transparent pli ul  pA little additional datap  ul lipThese images are in DCM format DICOM images and I import them using codedicomreadcode function.pli lipEach image 320x320 px represents one layer that is 4 mm thick and spacing between layers is 1,2 mm. We can assume, that width of each image is about 120125 mm pli ul
Negative 42922 pI want to draw geometrical figure in the codelttextareagtcode of HTML pages, but Im facing difficulty in how to do that. Could anyone please tell me p
Negative 42922 pOkay, this seems like it should be relatively simple, but Ive been Googling for the better part of an hour, and cant seem to find what I need.p  pI have a view controller that has a few different parts a background view, a header view, and a few buttons. Now, I want the header and buttons to autorotate properly they do, when I return YES from shouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientation, but under no circumstances should the background view rotate. Is there a proper way to do thisp
Negative 42922 pI am using the database diagram to simply drag one column in a table to another to associate them and then trying to save it.  i have done this a million times in the past with no problems.  Both of the data types are the same, uniqueidentifier.p  pHere is the error I getp  blockquote   pCustomer  table saved successfullybr   CustomerOrder  tablebr    Unable to create relationship FKCustomerOrderCustomer.br   The   ALTER TABLE statement conflicted with   the FOREIGN KEY constraint   FKCustomerOrderCustomer. The   conflict occurred in database   mydatabase, table Customer, column   CustomerID.p blockquote  pNot sure how to trouble shoot this.p
Negative 42922 pIm creating an attached behavior in order to set a regular property of a classp  precodepublic class LookupHelper      public static readonly DependencyProperty ItemsSourceProperty  DependencyProperty.RegisterAttachedItemsSource, typeofobject, typeofLookupHelper, new UIPropertyMetadatanull, OnItemsSourceChanged      private static void OnItemsSourceChangedDependencyObject d, DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs e              var control  d as MyControl         ifcontrol  null                 return          control.ItemsSource  IEnumerablee.NewValue           public static object GetItemsSourceGridColumn column              return column.GetValueItemsSourceProperty           public static void SetItemsSourceGridColumn column, object value              column.SetValueItemsSourceProperty, value          codepre  pHere, ItemsSource property on MyControl is a regular property, so I can not bind it in Xaml, hence this attached behavior.p  pNow, when I use this attached property using string or objects it works and breakpoint I set is hit, but when I set it with Binding markup, it never runs. Why isnt this workingp  precodeltMyControl ctrlLookupHelper.ItemsSourceDataSourcegt It works ltMyControl ctrlLookupHelper.ItemsSourceBinding PathMyDataSourcegt Does not work codepre  pWhat I need to do is to set the ItemsSource property to the value specified by the Binding.p
Negative 42922 pMy product model contains some itemsp  precode Product.first  gt ltProduct id 10, name Blue jeans gt codepre  pIm now importing some product parameters from another dataset, but there are inconsistencies in the spelling of the names. For instance, in the other dataset, codeBlue jeanscode could be spelled codeBlue Jeanscode.p  pI wanted to codeProduct.findorcreatebynameBlue Jeanscode, but this will create a new product, almost identical to the first. What are my options if I want to find and compare the lowercased name. p  pPerformance issues is not really important here There are only 100200 products, and I want to run this as a migration that imports the data.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 42922 h2The problemh2  pI have an array of codejava.awt.Rectanglecodes. For those who are not familiar with this class, the important piece of information is that they provide an code.intersectsRectangle bcode function.p  pI would like to write a function that takes this array of codeRectanglecodes, and breaks it up into groups of connected rectangles.p  pLets say for example, that these are my rectangles constructor takes the arguments codexcode, codeycode, codewidthcode,codeheightcodep  precodeRectangle[] rects  new Rectangle[]      new Rectangle0, 0, 4, 2, A     new Rectangle1, 1, 2, 4, B     new Rectangle0, 4, 8, 2, C     new Rectangle6, 0, 2, 2 D  codepre  pA quick drawing shows that A intersects B and B intersects C. D intersects nothing. A tediously drawn piece of ascii art does the job toop  precode    A     D         B                      C         codepre  pTherefore, the output of my function should bep  precodenew Rectangle[][]     new Rectangle[] A,B,C,     new Rectangle[] D  codepre  h2The failed codeh2  pThis was my attempt at solving the problemp  precodepublic ListltRectanglegt getIntersectionsArrayListltRectanglegt list, Rectangle r      ListltRectanglegt intersections  new ArrayListltRectanglegt     forRectangle rect  list               ifr.intersectsrect                      list.removerect             intersections.addrect             intersections.addAllgetIntersectionslist, rect                   return intersections   public ListltListltRectanglegtgt mergeIntersectingRectsRectangle... rectArray      ListltRectanglegt allRects  new ArrayListltRectanglegtrectArray     ListltListltRectanglegtgt groups  new ArrayListltArrayListltRectanglegtgt     forRectangle rect  allRects              allRects.removerect         ArrayListltRectanglegt group  getIntersectionsallRects, rect         group.addrect         groups.addgroup          return groups  codepre  pUnfortunately, there seems to be an infinite recursion loop going on here. My uneducated guess would be that java does not like me doing thisp  precodeforRectangle rect  allRects      allRects.removerect     ...  codepre  pCan anyone shed some light on the issuep
Negative 42922 pI am using jquery on my html page and want to have an onchange event on a collectionselect. p  pIf I add codelt javascriptincludetag defaults gtcode then my jquery code does not work. p  pBasically I have a collectionselect as followsp  precodeltcollectionselectproduct, prodname, prods, id, prodname,  prompt gt Select Product,onchange gt  remotefunctionurl gt  action gt volumeorquant, with gt id  this.valuegt codepre  pThen I have a select tag and a text fieldp  precodeltselecttag volume, optionsforselect[, 18 lb, 14 lb, Single,  Multi 5 ], NA gt lt textfieldtag quantity, , sizegt4gt codepre  pWhen an option is selected from the codecollectionselectcode I want to go back to my action and check whether it has volume or unit in the DB. Based on which, the above selectboxtextbox will be enabled. p  pright now my action looks like p  precodedef volumeorquant     product  Product.findparams[id]     puts Value   product.volume         end codepre  pHowever, when I select something...nothing happens. Right now I do not have default javascripts. p  pis what Im trying to do require the default prototype javascript or can it be done with jqueryp
Negative 42922 pI have always included the at sign in the parameter name when using AddWithValue, but I just noticed some code written by someone else that doesnt use it. Is one way more correct than the otherp  precodecmd.Parameters.AddWithValueixCustomer, ixCustomer codepre  porp  precodecmd.Parameters.AddWithValueixCustomer, ixCustomer codepre
Negative 42922 pIm working on a Qtbased MacOSX audio metering application, which contains audiometering widgets potentially a lot of them, each of which is supposed to be updated every 50ms i.e. at 20Hz.p  pThe program works, but when lots of meters are being updated at once, it uses up lots of CPU time and can bog down spinnycolorwheel, oh no.p  pThe strange thing is this  Originally this app would just call update on the meter widget whenever the meter value changed, and therefore the entire meterwidget would be redrawn every 50ms.  However, I thought Id be clever and compute just the area of the meter that actually needs to be redrawn, and only redraw that portion of the widget e.g. updatex,y,w,h, where y and h are computed based on the old and new values of the meter.  However, when I implemented that, it actually made CPU usage four times higher... even though the app was drawing 50 fewer pixels per second.p  pCan anyone explain why this optimization actually turns out to be a pessimization  Ive posted a trivial example application that demonstrates the effect, herep  pa hrefhttpwww.lcscanada.comjafmetertest.zip relnofollowhttpwww.lcscanada.comjafmetertest.zipap  pWhen I compile qmakemake the above app and run it like thisp  precode .meter.appContentsMacOSmeter 72  Meter  Using numMeters72 partial updates ENABLED codepre  p... top shows the process using 50 CPU.p  pWhen I disable the cleverpartialupdates logic, by running it like thisp  precode .meter.appContentsMacOSmeter 72 disablepartialupdates Meter  Using numMeters72 partial updates DISABLED codepre  p... top shows the process using only 12 CPU.  Huh  Shouldnt this case take more CPU, not lessp  pI tried profiling the app using Shark, but the results didnt mean much to me.  FWIW, Im running Snow Leopard on an 8core Xeon Mac Pro.p
Negative 42922 pIn Python, I would like to get the first item from a list matching a condition. For example, the following function is adequatep  precodedef firsttheiterable, condition  lambda x True     for i in theiterable         if conditioni             return i codepre  pThis function could be used something like thisp  precodegtgtgt firstrange10 0 gtgtgt firstrange10, lambda i i gt 3 4 codepre  pHowever, I cant think of a good builtin  oneliner to let me do this and I dont particularly want to copy this function around if I dont have to. Any ideasp  pIts important that the resulting method not process the entire list, which could be quite large.p
Negative 42922 pI have an application where the identity column is stored as an Oracle VARCHAR250 BYTE but is actually a Guid.  I want my model to expose it as a Guidp  precodeclass Foo       public Guid Id  get set   codepre  pUsing Fluent NHibernate I dont see a CustomTypeIs method on the IIdentityPart.  I would think it would be something similar to an IUserType, but I cant find the correlation.  Any thoughtsp
Negative 42922 pOur inhouse a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiWindowsServer2003 relnofollowWindows 2003 Servera hosts our companys SVN repository. Im looking for a secure method, preferably encryption, for the serverside passwords. Right now, theyre stored in clear text. Is there a SVN plugin or method that I can use to achieve thisp
Negative 42922 pemstrongThe questionstrongemp  pIs it possible to ask SSIS to emcast a valueem and emreturn NULLem in case the cast is not allowed eminstead of throwing an errorem p  pemstrongMy environmentstrongemp  pIm using Visual Studio 2005 and Sql Server 2005 on Windows Server 2003.p  pemstrongThe general contextstrongemp  pJust in case youre curious, here is my use case. I have to store data coming from somewhere in a generic table keyvalue structure with history witch contains some sort of value that can be strings, numbers or dates. The structure is something like this p  precodetable Values      Id int,     Date datetime,  for history     Key nvarchar50 not null,     Value nvarchar50,     DateValue datetime,     NumberValue numeric19,9    codepre  pI want to put the raw value in the Value column and try to put the same valuep  ul liin the DateValue column when im able to cast it to Datetimeli liin the NumberValue column when im able to cast it to a numberli ul  pThose two typed columns would make all sort of aggregation and manipulation much easier and faster later.p  pThats it, now you know why im asking this strange question.p  pp  pThanks in advance for your help.p
Negative 42922 pIm compiling a database library with proC which converts the .ppc library file to a .c file that gcc can use. However, Im getting a lot of errors in proC like the followingp  precode   PCCS02201, Encountered the symbol  attribute  when expecting one of the following  ...      , Encountered the symbol builtinvalist when expecting one of the following codepre  pThe missing symbols are from a chain of standard includes like stdio.h and stdlib.h. How do I get around this issuep  pThe library Im compiling came from an old solaris system that were now upgrading to a new solaris 10 system and the header files dont seem to use these symbols. e.g. the newer .h files hasp  precodetypedef builtinvalist valist codepre  pwhile the old .h files hasp  precodetypedef void valist codepre  pThere are a lot of things like this so Im reluctant to go and fix all of them manually with a typedefp
Negative 42922 pSpecifically, Im trying to create a unit test for a method which requires uses codeFile.separatorCharcode to build paths on windows and unix. The code must run on both platforms, and yet I get errors with JUnit when I attempt to change this static final field.p  pAnyone have any idea whats going onp  precodeField field  java.io.File.class.getDeclaredField separatorChar  field.setAccessibletrue field.setCharjava.io.File.class, codepre  pWhen I do this, I getp  precodeIllegalAccessException Can not set static final char field java.io.File.separatorChar to java.lang.Character codepre  pThoughtsp
Negative 42922 pI have a library that draws regular bezier path figures complex paths formed of a lot of bezier points, using midpoint approximation.p  pI can draw them without problem, but I need to add support for advanced geometry operations Nearest point of a curve, intersection, figure contains point, and more importantly, strongpath combinations difference, intersection, exclusiveor, unionstrong, ...p  pIs there any good source to get all thisp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pAfter much research and trial and error I found how to store the items for a ListBox and ComboBox in the app.Config. I am heavily indebted to Jon Rista, who wrote a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comKBdotnetmysteriesofconfiguration.aspx relnofollowa series of articles about the Net 2.0 Configuration classesa. I constructed a large code snippet that will generate all the code you need by just inserting three stringsP Enjoyp
Negative 42922 pI have to show records in such a way that some selected records should come first. After this, another records come in sorted manner from the same table.p  pFor example, If I select state having stateID  5 then the corresponding record should come first. after this another records should come in sorted manner.p  pFor this, I tried union but it shows all in sorted.p  precodeselect state from statemaster where stateid5 union all select state from statemaster where not stateid 5 order by state codepre  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIve realized I need a fullfledged browser automation tool for testing user interactions with our JavaScript widget library. I was using qunit, starting with unit testing and then I unwisely started incorporating more and more functional tests. That was a bad idea trying to simulate a lot of user actions with JavaScript. The timing issues have gotten out of control and have made the suite too brittle. Now I spend more time fixing the tests, then I do developing.p  pIs it possible to find a browser automation tool that works in Windows XP IE6,7,8, FF3 OSX Safari, FF3 p  ul lipIve looked into SeleniumIDE and RC, but there seems to be some IE8 problems.pli lipIve also seen some things about Googles WebDriver, which confusingly seems to work with Selenium.pli lipOur organziation has licenses for IBMs Rational Functional Tester, but I don think that will work on the MAC.pli ul  pThe idea is to try to run tests on all the browsers our organization supports. Doable Are my requirements unrealistic Any recommendations as far as software to tryp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pLooking for a program  lib preferably in .NET that can take a sound file mp3wavetc and generate a sound wave image from it similar to image belowp  pimg srchttpwww.prntscreen.netitpblogSoundWave2.jpgp
Negative 42922 pI need to send GET Request method with the below  headers .  I am getting the following capture from HTTP live headers p  hr  precodehttp172.20.22.26  GET  HTTP1.1 Host 172.20.22.26 UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Windows U Windows NT 5.1 enUS rv1.9.0.1 Gecko2008070208 Firefox3.0.1 Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8 AcceptLanguage enus,enq0.5 AcceptEncoding gzip,deflate AcceptCharset ISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.7 KeepAlive 300 Connection keepalive Authorization Basic bWl0aHVuOm1pdGh1bg  HTTP1.x 200 OK Date Thu, 01 Jan 2009 002920 GMT Server HTTPsrv Connection KeepAlive KeepAlive timeout30, max100 TransferEncoding chunked ContentType texthtml  codepre  pI am using the following program . It is not working . Please let me know where I am going wrong. p  precode  ltphp    credentials  mithunmithun   url  http172.20.22.26  headers  array GET HTTP1.1, UserAgent Mozilla5.0 Windows U Windows NT 5.1 enUS rv1.9.0.1 Gecko2008070208 Firefox3.0.1, Contenttype textxmlcharsetutf8, Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8,            AcceptLanguage enus,enq0.5, AcceptEncoding gzip,deflate, AcceptCharset ISO88591,utf8q0.7,q0.7, KeepAlive 300,       Connection keepalive, Authorization Basic  . base64encodecredentials  ch  curlinit   curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL,url  curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1  curlsetoptch, CURLOPTTIMEOUT, 60   curlsetoptch, CURLOPTHTTPHEADER, headers     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTUSERAGENT, definedvars[HTTPUSERAGENT]                 data  curlexecch   if curlerrnoch     print Error  . curlerrorch       else      Show me the result  vardumpdata  curlclosech   gt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am creating a component that uses a collection and collection items of panels.p  pI cant seem to get the colors to work at runtime, but yet they seem to work just fine at design time.p  pYou can download the component source code herep  pa hrefhttpwww.shaneholmes.netpasfiles relnofollowhttpwww.shaneholmes.netpasfilesap  pThere is a Consoles Tcollection property, status colors property, and a Edit mode propertyp  pEach console TCollectionItem has a status property when changed, the consoles property is changed based on the components StatusColors property.p  pWhen the components EditMode property is set to true, you can move the panels around at runtime.p  pQuestion Why does the colors only work at designtime and not runtime.p  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pThere are plenty of them out there but a lot of them are old  can anyone recommend a plugin which they recently implementedp  pThe only thing I really care about is gmailyahoo, facebook and twitter are optional.p  pstrongEDIT To address the answer,strongp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2421993confusiononusingdjangosocialauthhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2421993confusiononusingdjangosocialauthap  p the author says there are newer forks, those are what Im looking for.p
Negative 42922 pOk, I was going to answer someones question here on SO about why their script wasnt working. They loaded content into a hidden div, then got the height so they could animate the wrapping div. But I always try to test the code I provide. So I made a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netRdSzgthis demoa to prove it to them.p  pSo, umm, have I entered the twilight zone or am I dreaming right now empinches selfem OUCHp  pI tried that demo in Firefox, IE and Chrome and both methods return the same value. Firebug says zero I rebooted my computer and I even changed the code a bit removed the height function and tried it with jQuery 1.3.2 and it still worked I know hidden elements strongUSEDstrong to return a zero value. Even this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2345784jquerygetheightofhiddenelementinjquery142SO Answera is giving the advice I would havep  pSo I guess my question is... did I miss something or are we giving bad advicep
Negative 42922 pWhats the best way to accomplish the following.p  pI have strings in this format p  precodes1  name1type1 pipe is the separator s2  name2type2 s3  name3 in some of them type can be missing codepre  pLets assume codenameNcode  codetypeNcode are strings and they can not contain a pipe.p  pSince I strongneed to exctract the name  type separetlystrong, I dop  precodetemp  explode, s1 name  temp[0] type   issettemp[1]  temp[1]    codepre  pIs there an easier smarter whatever faster way to do this without having to do codeissettemp[1]code or codecounttempcode.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pi have found a bug in IE8 using the new Facebook Javascript SDK.p  pi call a Post dialog usingp  precodeFB.ui     method stream.publish,   display dialog,   message test,   attachment     name test,    caption test,    media [    type image, src siteurltest.jpg, href siteurl    ],    description     test    ,    href siteurl     , codepre  pmy html structure isp  precodeltbodygt   ltdiv idcontentgtltdivgt   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt    var params        wmode opaque,      allowScriptAccess always,      quality high,      allowFullScreen true          var attributes         id test              swfobject.embedSWFfrontendswfstage.swf, content, 100, 100, 10, params, attributes    var siteurl  httptest.com   ltscriptgt    ltdiv idfbrootgtltdivgt   ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpconnect.facebook.netenUSall.jsgtltscriptgt   ltdiv idlikedialog styledisplaynonegt    ltdiv idlikedialogwrappergt     ltdiv idlikedialogclosegtltdivgt     ltiframe srchttpwww.facebook.compluginslikebox.phpid99999999999ampampwidth292ampampconnections0ampampstreamtrueampampheaderfalseampampheight395 scrollingno frameborder0 stylebordernone overflowhidden width292px height395pxgtltiframegt    ltdivgt   ltdivgt  ltbodygt codepre  pthe css        p  precodehtml, content, body      margin 0     height 100     overflow hidden  content          zindex 1  codepre  pwhat i do isp  ol lipi embed my stagepli lipi call the FB.init function and then call FB.ui function to overlay my flash.pli ol  pit works in every common browser except IE8.p  pin IE8 the div containing the iframe is behind the div where i embed flash, although i set the zindex and position the dialog absolute.p  pany ideasp  pthanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pIm working on a project sending serial data to control animation of LED lights, which need to stay in sync with an animation engine. There seems to be a large serial write buffer OSX POSIX  FTDI chipset usb serial device, so without manually throttling calls to write, the software can get several seconds ahead of the lights. p  pCurrently Im manually restricting the serial write speed to the baudrate 8N1  10 bytes serial frame per 8 bytes data, 19200 bps serial  1920 bytes per second max, but I am having a problem with the animation drifting out of sync with the lights over time  it starts fine, but after 10 minutes theres a noticeable 100ms lag between the animation and the lights. p  pThis is the code thats restricting the serial write speed called once per animation frame, elapsed is the duration of the current frame, baudrate is the bps 19200p  precodevoid BufferedSerialupdate float elapsed       baudtimer  elapsed      if  byteswritten gt 1024                maintain baudrate         float timeshouldhavetaken  floatbyteswritten10floatbaudrate         float timeactuallytook  baudtimer          sleep if we have gt 20ms lag between serial transmit and our write calls         if  timeshouldhavetakentimeactuallytook gt 0.02f                       float sleeptime  timeshouldhavetaken  timeactuallytook             int sleeptimeus  sleeptime1000.0f1000.0f             printfBufferedSerialupdate sleeping i msn, sleeptimeus1000              delayUs sleeptimeus                subtract 128 bytes              byteswritten  128              subtract the time it should have taken to write 128 bytes             baudtimer  float12810floatbaudrate                   codepre  pClearly theres something wrong, somewhere. p  pA much better approach would be to be able to determine the number of bytes currently in the transmit queue, and try and keep that below a fixed threshold, but I cant figure out how to do this on an OSX POSIX system.p  pAny advice appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pGiven I have data like the following, how can I select and group by portions of a stringp  precodeVersion  Users 1.1.1    1 1.1.23   3 1.1.45   1 2.1.24   3 2.1.12   1 2.1.45   3 3.1.10   1 3.1.23   3 codepre  pWhat I want is to sum up the users using version 1.1.x and 2.2.x and 3.3.x etc, but Im not sure how I can group on a partial string in a select statement.p  pstrongeditstrong What the data should return like is thisp  precodeVersion  Users 1.1.XX   5 2.1.XX   7 3.1.XX   4 codepre  pThere is an infinite variable number of versions, some are in this format major, minor, build some are just major, minor and some are just major, the only time I want to roll up the versions is when there is a build.p
Negative 42922 pIF someone has to develop the same application for Android and iPhone, is it more difficult to develop in one platform than on the other Does it take more timep  pLets think about the average app. Lists, text , buttons, fetch information from the internet.p  pPerson has same experience on both platforms.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pThe modelp  precodeclass Productmodels.Model   name  models.CharFieldmaxlength  128   def unicodeself     return self.name  class Receiptmodels.Model   name  models.CharFieldmaxlength128   components  models.ManyToManyFieldProduct, throughReceiptComponent   class Admin     pass    def unicodeself     return self.name  class ReceiptComponentmodels.Model   product  models.ForeignKeyProduct   receipt  models.ForeignKeyReceipt   quantity  models.FloatFieldmaxlength9   unit  models.ForeignKeyUnit   def unicodeself     return unicodeself.quantity0 and self.quantity or      unicodeself.unit     self.product.genitive codepre  pThe idea there are a components on stock. Id like to find out which recipes I can made with components which I have.p  pIts not easy  but possible  I made a SQL view, which gets the solution. But Im learning python and Django so Id like to make it Djangostyle Dp  pThe concept of solutionp  ol lipget the set of recipes which has at last one componentp  plistofavailablecomponents  ReceiptComponent.objects.filterproductinlistofavailableproducts.distinct   listofrelatedreceipts  Receipt.objects.filterreceiptcomponentin  listofavailablecomponents.distinctpli lipget recipes from listofrelatedreceipts which has not at last one componentp  plistofincompleterecipes  SELECT  FROM drinkbookreceiptcomponent LEFT JOIN drinkstorestockproducts USINGproductid WHERE drinkstorestockproducts.stockid IS NULL AND receiptid IN SELECT receiptid FROM drinkbookreceiptcomponent JOIN drinkstorestockproducts USINGproductidpli lipget recipes from listofrelatedreceipts which are not in listofincompleterecipes pli ol
Negative 42922 pI am new to c programming. Could anyone please tell me whats wrong with  the following programp  hr  precodetypedef struct Persons    int age   char name[40]  Persont   int processlistint countReturned, Persont plist     Persont rowPtr0   the actual program will fethc data from DB    int count 1   ifplist  Persont  mallocsizeofPersont       return 1     rowPtr  plist   rowPtr[count1].age 19  strcpyrowPtr[count1].name,Prince Dastan  countReturned  count    return 0    int mainint argc, char argv[]          Persont tmpPerson0         Persont plist0         int count0         int i          processlistcount,plist          tmpPerson  plist          fori0 ilt count i                     printfName s , age dn,tmpPersongtname,tmpPersongtage            tmpPerson                   freetmpPerson    return 0  codepre
Negative 42922 pA couple of months ago I added and committed a release tarball to a git code repository.  A couple of commits later, I removed the file and committed the removal.  This one file was nearly 10x the size of the whole repository, so the presence of that file in .git slows cloning down significantly.  At this point there have been hundreds of commits since the pair of commits that added and removed the file.p  pIs there a way to remove the two commits which cancel out the add and the remove and also remove the copy of the file in .git, without hosing the repositoryp  pThanks..p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to map an entity using Hibernate Annotations, so that when a record is created and saved via cascade, an ID is automatically generated. With my current setup or a few others Ive tried I get the following errorp  precode    ...org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException  could not insert [com.gorkwobbler.shadowrun.karma.domain.AttributeScore]     ...java.sql.SQLException  Caused by java.sql.SQLException Cannot insert the value NULL into column id, table KARMADEV.dbo.Character column does not allow nulls. INSERT fails. codepre  pI can see the following insert statement being issuedp  precodeHibernate insert into character version, alias, firstName, lastName values , , ,  codepre  pClearly this is wrong, there is no id parameter.p  pMy table schema, for now, is simplyp  precodeCharacter  id uniqueidentifier, primary key  alias varcharmax,  firstName varcharmax,  lastName varcharmax,  version int for hibernate  codepre  pI am using SQL Server 2008 R2, Express edition.p  pMy annotations are split between a mapped superclass, DomainEntity, and a concrete class, KarmaCharacterp  precodeMappedSuperclass public abstract class DomainEntity implements Serializable  Needed for HOM retainUnsaved       private static final long serialVersionUID  1L     private String id     private Integer version      Id     GeneratedValuestrategyGenerationType.AUTO     GeneratedvalueGenerationTime.INSERT     GeneratedValuegeneratorhibernateuuid.hex     GenericGeneratornamehibernateuuid.hex, strategyorg.hibernate.id.UUIDHexGenerator, parametersParameternameseparator, value     AccessTypevaluefield     public String getId          return id           Version     AccessTypevaluefield     public Integer getVersion          return version        SuppressWarningsserial Entity Tablenamecharacter public class KarmaCharacter extends DomainEntity      private String alias     private String lastName     private String firstName      private SortedSetltAttributeScoregt attributeScores      public KarmaCharacter          default constructor           Column     AccessTypevaluefield     public String getAlias          return alias           Column     AccessTypevaluefield     public String getFirstName          return firstName           Column     AccessTypevaluefield     public String getLastName          return lastName       ...omitted some transient code and a collection property for brevity      public void setAliasString alias          this.alias  alias            public void setFirstNameString firstName          this.firstName  firstName           public void setLastNameString lastName          this.lastName  lastName       codepre  pIf someone could tell me the right way to generate uniqueidentifertype IDs with hibernate in SQL Server, and get them to be saved properly, it would be much appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pIm currently measuring the performance of some code in FLOPS. This code presents some arithmetic negate instructions like this onep  precoded  a codepre  pwhere codedcode and codeacode are floating point variables. strongThe architecture Im currently using does have specific negate instructions.strong Should I have to take into account this kind of operations to measure FLOPS What kind of operations account for FLOPS Is there a convention or anything p
Negative 42922 pa hrefhttprubygems.org relnofollowRubyGems.orga, the official gems site, provides poor functions. I want to find some good gems for my website, but its impossiblemdashit only provides several emNew Gemsem  emMost downloaded todayem gems, and a list of all gems by indices. And the search is poor as well.p  pAnyone know any good site for findingvoting and discussing gemsp
Negative 42922 pIn my code, I have included some files for use. When I specify the absolute path, I get a Forbidden message. p  pHowever, when I use the relative path, the code works. p  pI wonder why the absolute path was not being accepted.p  pCan someone explain what is going onp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pSeems like a very simple question herep  pIve got a program where someone is entering a string codeMampScode in a form and running a query.  I understand the codeampcode is a reserved character and therefore must be encoded.  The problem is it seems to be requiring encoding twice in some contexts.  p  pIf the URL is used in a javascript codeonClickcode event, normal URL encoding seems to work fine here the operator can click on a column header to sortp  precodelttd onClickAJAXGethttp10.0.0.195program.exeQry147M26Sampsortmethod1161gt codepre  pHowever, if the URL is used in an anchor although the anchor actually uses AJAX, it seems to need encoding twicep  precodelta hrefjavascriptAJAXGethttp10.0.0.195program.exeQry147M2526Sampsortmethod1147 titleRefreshgtRefreshltagt codepre  pBoth of the examples above work fine.  However they are handgenerated test cases.  Unfortunately, in the application, when Im actually generating the URL, I dont know how its going to be used.p  pIf I encode the URL parameter once codeM26Scode, it works fine in codeonClickcode.  But used this way in the anchor, the server sees the URL as code...Qry147MampSampsortmethod1147...code  so it must have been unencoded before being given back to the server.p  pIf I encode it twice codeM2526Scode, the anchor works, but for the codeonClickcode, the server sees code...Qry147M2526S...code.p  pI get the feeling Im missing something here.  Is there a way to make this work the same in both casesp
Negative 42922 pIm using the Fancybox on a hrefhttpwww.unctv.orgtWxkBbq10M6wKRRLthome19j.htm relnofollowthisa page.p  pIve set it to show the videos in the top carousel in a Fancybox only if the browser is SafariiPad. If you click one of the videos in the top content carousel, youll see some extra lines outside of the Fancybox. Plus, youll see that the title item set to titlePosition outside has some funky corners  theyre off by a pixel or two.p  pOn the iPad, if you tap the Click to See a Gallery of Popular Thank You Gifts toward the middle, bottom of the page, youll see some extra lines outside of the Fancybox when it pops up.p  pThis all works fine on Windows Safari 5. Any solutionsp
Negative 42922 pI want to log only the first few lines of Exceptions in my program. I know, I can do something like this to print only the first 5 lines of a stacktracep  precodeThrowable e  ... StackTraceElement[] stack  e.getStackTrace int maxLines  stack.length gt 4  5  stack.length for int n  0 n lt maxLines n      System.err.printlnstack[n].toString  codepre  pBut I would rather use log4j or slf4j over log4j to be more precise for logging. Is there a way to tell log4j that it should only print the first 5 lines of a stacktracep
Negative 42922 pI am trying to wrap up some data from an array of BYTES into a VARIANT but I cant seem to free the datap  pWhen I run this code...p  precodeSAFEARRAY  NewSArray  SAFEARRAYBOUND aDim[1]  a one dimensional array aDim[0].lLbound  0 Sets the index to start from 0  Sets the number of elements bytes that will go into the SAFEARRAY aDim[0].cElements  pBuffergtGetSize  NewSArray  SafeArrayCreateVTUI1, 1, aDim  create a 1D SafeArray of BYTES  Put the data from the man view into the SAFEARRAY NewSArraygtpvData  pBuffergtGetBuffer  FP Spread expects the spreadsheet data in the form of a VARIANT so we must pack the data from the SAFEARRAY into a VARIANT VARIANT SpreadsheetBuffer VariantInitampSpreadsheetBuffer  SpreadsheetBuffer.vt VTARRAY  VTUI1  set type to an array of bytes SpreadsheetBuffer.parray NewSArray  try      VariantClearampSpreadsheetBuffer  catch char str      AfxMessageBoxstr  codepre  pI get this message Unhandeled exception at ... in ... 0xC015000F The activation context being deactivated is not the most recently activated one.p  pThis message dosent pop up in my AfxMessageBox by the way. It seems to have something to do with the variant type because if I dont set it I dont get the exception. The data in pBuffer is just a BYTE array that was previously pulled out of a SAFEARRAY.p  panyone know what Im doing wrongp  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pI did a codedb.get[356 keys]code and it took 8 seconds. Here is an excerpt of the AppStats graph for this operation a hrefhttpvvcap.netdbiXvU5LtfG6tp04kjqvp.htp relnofollowhttpvvcap.netdbiXvU5LtfG6tp04kjqvp.htpap  pIs 8 seconds normal for 356 keys And why is the CPU time be bigger than the API CPU time If anything I would expect the API CPU time to be bigger, since entities are fetched in parallel.p  pAll 356 keys are for this modelp  precodeclass Moleculedb.Model     meaning  db.StringProperty     shortdesc  db.StringProperty     official  db.BooleanPropertydefaultFalse     phrasing  db.ReferenceProperty     atoms  db.ListPropertydb.Key  3 list elements on average     keywords  db.ListPropertydb.Key  20 list elements on average     phrasings  db.ListPropertydb.Key  1 list element on average     adddt  db.DateTimeProperty     modifydt  db.DateTimeProperty     deletedt  db.DateTimeProperty     ucasemeaning  db.StringProperty codepre
Negative 42922 pI am currently having trouble of reloading a json store with new parameters. Here is my storep  precode newsletters  new Ext.data.JsonStore         url newsletters,         root results,         fields [              id,              body              recipients         ],         baseParams  command json, to dateTo, from dateFrom ,     autoLoad true      codepre  pdateTo and dateFrom are initally empty strings    and checking in firebug newsletters is called with the correct parameters.p  pNow none of the following techniquest workp  pChanging the values of dateTo and dateFrom then calling newsletters.reload still calls the page with the parameters to and from being empty strings.p  pCalling codenewsletters.reload  to test1, from test2  code still sees the parameters as empty strings.p  pFinally as from the manual I have triedp  precodelastOptions  newsletters.lastOptions Ext.applylastOptions.params,      to test1,     from test2  newsletters.reloadlastOptions codepre  pThis again does not request newsletters with the updated parameters. p  pAny advice appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pI am getting a request in the following method but the soap message does not appear to contain the UsernameToken Elementp  precodepolicy  new WSPolicy     array         useUsernameTokengttrue       security  new WSSecurityToken     array         usergtusername,         passwordTypegtPlainText,         passwordgtpassword        create client in WSDL mode client  new WSClient     array          wsdlgtservicewsdl,         togtserviceurl,         policygtpolicy,         securityTokengtsecurity,         tracegt1       proxy  clientgtgetProxy proxygtPing codepre  pThe request that is produced looks like thisp  precodeltsoapenvEnvelope xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt     ltsoapenvHeadergt         ltwsseSecurity xmlnswssehttpdocs.oasisopen.orgwss200401oasis200401wsswssecuritysecext1.0.xsd soapenvmustUnderstand1gt         ltwsseSecuritygt     ltsoapenvHeadergt     ltsoapenvBodygt         ltns1Ping xmlnsns1httpstreamlinedsalestax.orgefilegt     ltsoapenvBodygt ltsoapenvEnvelopegt codepre  pYoull notice that the UsernameToken element is completely missing.p
Negative 42922 pI want to be able to pass either a string literal,p  precodethis is a string codepre  por a javascript object,p  precodeone this, two is, three a, four string  codepre  pas argument to a function, and take different actions depending on whether its a string or an object. How do I determine which is truep  pTo be specific, I want to iterate over the properties of an object, and do some parsing if a property is a string, but nest recursively if the property is an object. Ive figured out how to use code.eachcode to iterate over the properties of the object, but if I just do this with the string, it treates the string as an array of letters rather than as a single thing. Can I get around this some other wayp
Negative 42922 pI am working with Northwind and using WCF RIA with EF 4.0 to pull data on to Silverlight client.  All I am trying to accomplish is to have ComboBox showing list of Categories with both CategoryName and Picture from database.  I am using ValueConverter to convert bytes to bitmapimage, but getting Catastrophic error.p  pAnyone has any ComboBox example which binds to CategoriesEmployees table of Northwind along with pictures using WCF RIA.p  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pIn order to keep consistency in the system I can consider 2 deleting strategyp  ol lipcascade deleting of all entities in relationships pli lipemulating deletion i.e. nothing is really deleted from DB but, for example, field codedeletedcode in the entity has value codetruecode and it affects the displaying logic.pli ol  pI like the second approach but I dont know how to implement it properly. p  pFor example, lets assume we develop a simple blog users, articles, comments and other usual stuff. And lets look at the codeUsercode entity and a correspondent table codeUSERcode. If we delete the certain user then his codedeletedcode field will have value codetruecode. All users comments would stay where they are and every reader would still know who is the author of a certain comment. p  pAll this looks great but what should I do if a new user who is trying to register will specify the same loginemail address other unique fields as some deleted user already has Theoretically, this unique field value is already free and can be taken. But, what if one day I would decide to undelete that deleted userp  pWhat are the best practices related to this situation p
Negative 42922 pI have a number of voice sound streams encoded in PCM PCMSIGNED 8000.0 Hz, 16 bit, mono, 2 bytesframe, littleendian which I want to send over the network. To save bandwidth I currently encode the streams using JSpeex. However to save even more bandwidth I would like to if possible combine these multiple streams into a single stream before encoding with JSpeex. My DSP knowledge is severely lacking amp I am wondering how to go about combining the streams in Javap
Negative 42922 pI have a navigation menu in xHTML with the following typical structurep  precodeltul idnav1gt ltligtlta hrefgtitem1ltagtltligt ltulgt codepre  pI have this jQuery script to add a space and a slash after every linkp  precodenav1 li,nav2 li.appendampnbsp codepre  pHowever, after the last link aka the last li, I want to only add a space aka ampnbsp. I tried doing this, but it didnt get the job donep  precodenav1 li,nav2 li.appendampnbsp.filternav1 lilast,nav2 lilast.appendampnbsp codepre  pAny ideas p  pThanks Amitp
Negative 42922 pI need to store a value between 015 in C , 4 bits are enough for this. How can I just have a variable of 4 bits Space is a constraint herep
Negative 42922 pWhat is the best way to run cron jobs on rails, when different machines have different jobs to dop  pFor example, server 1 runs cron job A, while server 2 runs cron job Bp  pIs there a way to deploy the cron files along when we do a regular cap deployp
Negative 42922 pRecently i implemented Linq to SQL in a static class in my ASP.Net project which is a utility class to get some information on site load. when i used the static linqtosql datacontext i got the above error only in the live environment but never got that issue on UAT, or QA sites.  this means this issue only happens when there is a much of a load.p  pso i googled around and found this article a hrefhttpwww.westwind.comweblogposts246222.aspx relnofollowherea. so what i did was i made my page level datacontext variables and passed them to the static methods every time i call them. is what i did was correct, will that resolve this issue p
Negative 42922 pI am developing an iPhone app and want to be able to use an NSMutableAttributedString inside a ScrollView.  Here are the steps I want to followp  ol liGrab a string from CoreData.li liCopy the string into an NSMutableAttributedString.li liParse the string and modify the attributes of portions of the text.li liDisplay the NSMutableAttributedString inside a ScrollView.li ol  pHow can I do thisp  pIf I am reading the docs correctly, only CoreText naitively supports display of attributed strings on the iPhone.  Is that correct  If so, how can I create a CoreText object when I dont know how the Y value for the CGRectp
Negative 42922 pHow do I changep  precodeSELECT user.postcode, maxpostcode.postcode as postcode FROM user INNER JOIN postcode ON user.postcode LIKE CONCAT postcode.postcode,    GROUP BY user.postcode codepre  pinto an UPDATE similar top  precodeUPDATE user  INNER JOIN postcode ON user.postcode LIKE CONCATpostcode.postcode,   SET user.lat  postcode.lat, user.lng  postcode.lng codepre  pI cannot work out how to factor in the MAX and GROUP BYp  h1Answerh1  pBelow is my version of ceteras code. It works greatp  precodeDROP TABLE IF EXISTS tmp CREATE TABLE tmp AS SELECT user.userid, maxpostcode.postcode AS postcode, postcode.lat, postcode.lng FROM user INNER JOIN postcode ON user.postcode LIKE CONCAT postcode.postcode,    GROUP BY user.postcode ALTER TABLE tmp ADD PRIMARY KEYuserid  UPDATE user  INNER JOIN tmp ON user.userid  tmp.userid SET user.lat1  tmp.lat, user.lng1  tmp.lng  DROP TABLE tmp codepre
Negative 42922 precodestruct a    int ptr1   int ptr2   int data   typedef struct    struct a x all  int fun1    return 5   int fun2    return 9  codepre  pI can assign like p  precodeall mem  allmallocsizeofall  memgtx.ptr1  fun1 memgtx.ptr2  fun2 codepre  pIs there any other way to assign these function pointers Is it possible to assign like thisp  precodeall mem  void memgtptr1[0]  fun1  void memgtptr2[1]  fun2 codepre
Negative 42922 pa Based on what information does codeweb applicationcode decide whether a particular request is a codeGETcode request Simply by checking whether requested url contains any codequery string parameterscode p  pb When  page a hrefhttpsomedomainA.aspx relnofollowhttpsomedomainA.aspxa  is first requested either by clicking a link elementcodelta..gtcode or by manually entering codeURLcode into address bar, I assume it is neither a codePOSTcode or a codeGETcode request p  pc If users manually enters into codeAddress toolbarcode url a hrefhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100 relnofollowhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100a, will codeweb applicationcode considered a request as a codeGETcode request, even though codequery string valuescode werent extracted  by browser from codeFORM elementscode p  pd Assuming we request a hrefhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100 relnofollowhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100a, will on postback browser request url a hrefhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100 relnofollowhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100a or just a hrefhttpsomedomainA.aspx relnofollowhttpsomedomainA.aspxap  pe Assuming page a hrefhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100 relnofollowhttpsomedomainA.aspxID100a has codeFORMs method attributecode set to codePOSTcode, but its url also contains some codequery string variablescode, then is on postback a request considered a codeGETcode or a codePOSTcodep  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pHow can I delete all files that are being ignored within a Subversion checkout  Effectively to bring it back to the equivalent of a pristine checkout.p
Negative 42922 pwhat I want to do is to change the text of a QLable, everytime I hover with the mouse over the horizontalHeaders of my QTableWidget. How can I do that Everytime Im over a new header I need a signal and the index of the header. Hope someone of you has an idea. There must be a function, because if you hover over the headers, the background of the header changes.p
Negative 42922 pI can use strongErrorMessageResourceNamestrong and strongErrorMessageResourceTypestrong to translate rules into my language. But how do I translate class name and propertiesp  pCurrently I get something like emValideringsmeddelande fr LastNameem as validation message. I want strongLastNamestrong to be localized too.p
Negative 42922 pIm having problem on JPA Hibernate Fetch Join p  pHere is my JPQL query p  pcode  SELECT n FROM News n LEFT JOIN FETCH n.profiles AS pr WHERE pr.id1 codep  pBut its not working. How can I make a query that filters on the list that is being fetched p
Negative 42922 pFor a startup website. Should have this p  pstrong1.strong What they would like to seeimproved upon   Users can enter a one liner.br strong2.strong Visitors can leave a remark.br strong3.strong Consumers can vote on suggestions amp hence the top suggestion bubbles up.br strong4.strong Allows for anonymous input.p  pI think Ive seen something similar to this, but dont remember where.   p  pWould be good to know what you all use for quick integration.p
Negative 42922 pI am looking for some Basic Test AutomationPlan Example using c. Any linkspointers are appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pive got ejabberd as my xmpp server and here is my php codep  precodestripped  striptagsreturnTwo  remove the xml tags from the response stanza decoded  base64decodestripped  decode the jibberish regex  [09]8,  create regex to extract the nonce pregmatchregex, decoded, noncearr  extracts nonce nonce  noncearr[0]  finally, we can put the nonce into a variable to continue...     1. Create a string of the form usernamerealmpassword. Call this string X. x  usernameserver.dyndns.orgpassword    2. Compute the 16 octet MD5 hash of X. Call the result Y. y  md5x    3. Create a string of the form Ynoncecnonceauthzid. Call this string A1. a  ynoncecnonceusernameserver.dyndns.orgwebchat    4. Create a string of the form AUTHENTICATEdigesturi. Call this string A2. a2  AUTHENTICATExmppserver.dyndns.org    5. Compute the 32 hex digit MD5 hash of A1. Call the result HA1. ha1  md5a1    6. Compute the 32 hex digit MD5 hash of A2. Call the result HA2. ha2  md5a2    7. Create a string of the form HA1noncenccnonceqopHA2. Call this string KD. kd  ha1nonce00000001cnonceauthha2    8. Compute the 32 hex digit MD5 hash of KD. Call the result Z. z  md5kd b64z  base64encodez respond  ltresponse xmlnsurnietfparamsxmlnsxmppsaslgtb64zltresponsegt   initialize curl again sendThree  curlinithttplocalhost5280httpbind curlsetoptsendThree, CURLOPTPOST, 1 curlsetoptsendThree, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS, respond returnThree  curlexecsendThree curlclosesendThree  close the curl connection codepre  pmy problem is that the server returns a 1. thats it , no acceptance, no error, just a number 1. the steps before this all returned what was expected, but this part im having trouble with. im new to php this will only be my second page created with it so im wondering if i followed the SASL steps correctly or if it is a problem with ejabberdp
Negative 42922 pI have a bit of a problem.p  pI have ten forms in my app similar to facebooks commenting forms.p  pI have successfully managed to pass the form for processing by making use of jQuerys .ajax function.p  pAll of this works fine, but for some reason the app sends 10 post signals and then reloads ten times, causing the user to experience having to wait until all has finished loading.p  pstrongThe formstrongp  precodeltform action commentformtarget  methodpost classcommentformgt    if next ltinput typehidden namenext value next  gt endif     for field in form       if field.ishidden         field       else         if field.errors  field.errors  endif        ltp          if field.errors  classerror endif           ifequal field.name honeypot  styledisplaynone endifequal gt        ltpgt      endif      endfor    lttextarea ididcomment rows1 cols60 namecomment classidcommentgtlttextareagt   ltp classsubmitgt     ltinput typesubmit namepost classsubmitpost blue commentsubmit value trans Comment  idbutton stylefloatrightmargintop6pxmarginbottom4pxgt   ltpgt   ltdiv classclearfixgtltdivgt ltformgt codepre  pstrongthe jQuerystrongp  precodedocument.readyfunction   this first bit goes through the django form and assigns a unique ID     .commentform.eachfunction   var element  this.findidobjectpk.val   this.attrid, element   this.findbutton.attrid, element   this.findidcontenttype.attrid, idcontenttype  element   this.findidtimestamp.attrid, idtimestamp  element   this.findidsecurityhash.attrid, idsecurityhash  element   this.findidcomment.attrid, idcomment  element       this bit is where the magic happens     .commentsubmit.clickfunction   var element  this   var ID  element.attrid    var contenttype  idcontenttypeID.val   var timestamp  idtimestampID.val   var securityhash  idsecurityhashID.val   var comment  idcommentID.val   var dataString  contenttype contenttype amptimestamp timestamp ampsecurityhash  securityhash  ampcomment  comment  ampobjectpk  ID    idcommentID.val.addClassgreyout    .ajax    type POST,    url commentspost,    data dataString,    success function     .getwall,  user sentuser  , functiondata      news.htmldata               return false     codepre  pSo when a user submits, it then sends 10 form submits, accepts the one with data but also reloads 10 times... Where am I going wrong with thisp
Negative 42922 pIm having trouble getting a td to have some text at its top and an image button on its bottom. Here is code similar what I have nowp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtmlgt ltheadgtltheadgt ltbodygt lttable border1gt   lttrgt     lttd valigntop stylepadding0 height100gt       Some text       ltform styleverticalalign bottomgt         ltinput typesubmit valueshould be at bottom of tdgt       ltformgt     lttdgt     lttdgt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt       This ltbr gt     lttdgt   lttrgt lttablegt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pTechnically I can achieve what I want by splitting the first codelttdgtcode into 2 rows and using coderowspan2code on the other codelttdgtcode, but I would like to avoid that since it is unintuitive and I consider it a hack. Also, I only need to support the lastest versions of FF and Chrome. Any ideasp  pPS I emamem dealing with tabular data here so please no you shouldnt be using tables kind of advice.p  pUPDATE Added DocType and browser support requirements.p
Negative 42922 pIm writing an API in this API, I have a codeFruitBasketcode model which has codeFruitscode. A particular Fruit may belong to more than one FruitBasket at a time. codeFruitBasketcode and codeFruitcode are both codeActiveRecordcode objects.p  pIf someone performs a codeGETcode on codefruit100basketscode, I want to provide a JSON list of baskets which have that fruit, in the form of basket IDs. If theres only one basket, I want to redirect to codebasketxcode, where codexcode is the id of the basket. Something like thisp  precodeclass FruitsController lt ApplicationController   respondto json    def baskets     baskets  Fruit.findparams[id].baskets     if baskets.size  1        What goes here     else       respondwith baskets     end   end end codepre  pWhat do I put in my coderoutescode and the codeFruitsControllercode to pull this offp
Negative 42922 pWhich is the most performant way to read a large csv file in .NET Using FileStream or another class Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI have the following use case for debugging a PHP applicationp  ul liThe developer does have a private IP address li liThe developer can connect only to a limited number of ports from the server, like 80, 8080, 3128, others being limited by the outgoing firewall. Still if the outgoing requests are HTTP he could use a proxy that does not have this limitation.li lithe server machine is fully configurableli ul  pIs is possible to use xdebug in this circumstance Howp  pIt is possible to establish a VPN but this is not an easy solution so I would prefer a simplified one.p
Negative 42922 pI have a mysql table with the following columnsp  precodegroupid gameid userid message lastupdate codepre  pI want to make it so that no two rows can exist where the value of groupid for row x is equal to the value of groupid for row y AND the value of userid for row x is also equal to the value of userid for row y.p  pSo, for example, lets say I insert the following following valuesp  precodegroupid  783 gameid  34 userid  29237 message  none lastupdate  11233452 codepre  pThe above data, even if a mysql query tries to insert it, should not create a new row if a row already exists with the same combination of groupid and userid. Is there a way to do this Basically, Im trying to get two columns to work together kind of like an unique index.p
Negative 42922 pIs it possible to force the screensaver to appear whenever a computer becomes locked Specifically on XP, 7 if possible.p
Negative 42922 pIm building an app where I have a table for events and a table for venues. I want to be able to grant other applications access to this data. I have a few questions related to best practices for this kind of problem.p  ol lipstrongHow should I structure the database classesstrong I currently have classes for EventsDbAdapter and VenuesDbAdapter, which provide the logic for querying each table, while having a separate DbManager extends SQLiteOpenHelper for managing database versions, creatingupgrading databases, giving access to database getWriteableReadeableDatabase. Is this the recommended solution, or would I be better off either consolidating everything to one class ie. the DbManager or separation everything and letting each Adapter extends SQLiteOpenHelperpli lipstrongHow should I design content providers for multiple tablesstrong Extending the previous question, should I use one Content Provider for the whole app, or should I create separate providers for Events and Venuespli ol  pMost examples I find only deal with single table apps, so I would appreciate any pointers here.p
Negative 42922 pSo Ive been using Handbrake command line to encode my video collection to store on my NAS so I can use it on my HTPC. I was looking for a way to output both to the screen so I can watch its output as its encoding, but also to a file so I can go back and look at a particular encoding session.p  pMy solution for this was to use one Powershell window to run the encoding and output to a file, then another Powershell window to read the log file and display it on screen. This works, but I want to improve it, as its not perfect. Because the read file script reads at a set interval, it misses lines. Also if I reduce the interval, it has an effect on system performance, making the encoding run a bit slower. Is there a way I can redirect the output of the first window to both a file and to the screenp  pThe first powershell script the one that starts the encoding called Convert1.ps1 run from the handbrake install directoryp  precodenet time ODIN find Current time .HandbrakeCLI.exe i ltinput filegt o ltoutput filegt lthandbrake parametersgt codepre  pThe second powershell script to output to a file, called StartConvert.ps1p  precodedConversionsConvert.ps1 2gtamp1  outfile dConversionsCompletedMovies9.29.2010.log codepre  pThe third powershell script to read from that log file, called WatchOutput.ps1p  precodewhile 1  GetContent dConversionsCompletedMovies9.29.2010.log[1] Startsleep 5  codepre  pId like, ideally, to get this all down to one powershell window running a single script to start the encoding, output to a file, and display it on screen.p  pEdit Adding Solution 2 different ways to do it, Im going with the latter since it is simpler.p  pWay 1  StartJob Resulting script to start my conversionsp  precodeStartJob Name VideoConvert ScriptBlock  dConversionsConvert.ps1 2gtamp1  outfile dConversionsMoviesMovie.log  GetFileTail Wait Encoding Unicode Path DConversionsCompletedMoviesMovie.log codepre  pWay 2  TeeObject Resulting script to start my conversionsp  precodedConversionsConvert.ps1 2gtamp1 TeeObject File DConversionsCompletedMoviesMovie.log codepre  pThanks again all. This works just like I wanted it to work.p
Negative 42922 pin my application Ive got users which have files. The strongUserVOstrong has the following mappingp  precodeOneToManycascade  CascadeType.ALL, fetch  FetchType.LAZY, mappedBy  users public SetltFilesgt getFiles      return this.files  codepre  pThen I have a strongHibernateDAOstrong with the following strongupdatestrong methodp  precodepublic void updateT vo      try              startTransaction         getSession.clear         getSession.updatevo         closeTransaction          catch HibernateException e              rollbackTransaction         e.printStackTrace       codepre  pWhen some values of a users file have changed, I want to update my file. Therefore I usep  precode        daoFiles.updatefile  this uses the HibernateDAO update         UserDAO daoUser  UserDAO.getInstance         daoUser.updateuser ... also a HibernateDAO update codepre  pThe files changes are saved to the database then but if I want to display the files of a user, then I cannot the changes of the files because the old values were displayed. Only if I get the fileVO directly I can see the new values. So it seems that the userVO does not recognize the update of a file.p  pDoes anybody know were the problem isp  pBest wishesp  pBennyp
Negative 42922 pI want to programmatically differentiate between iPhone4 and iTouch4. Here is what I have tried p  precodeBOOL isIphone4       if  [ImagePicker isIpodTouch4]             return NO             if [UIImagePickerController respondsToSelectorselectorisFlashAvailableForCameraDevice]            if [UIImagePickerController isFlashAvailableForCameraDeviceUIImagePickerControllerCameraDeviceRear]                 return YES                       return NO   BOOL isIpodTouch4       if [UIImagePickerController respondsToSelectorselectorisCameraDeviceAvailable]             if [UIImagePickerController isCameraDeviceAvailableUIImagePickerControllerCameraDeviceFront]                 return YES                       return NO  codepre  pHowever, seems like iPod Touch 4 is also passing the test for iPhone4. Does anyone have any ideasp  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pI need to set up a jabber bot, using python, that will send messages based on the onlineoffline availability of several contacts.p  pIve been looking into pyxmpp and xmpppy, but couldnt find any way at least nothing straightforward to check the status of a given contact.p  pAny pointers on how to achieve thisp  pIdeally I would like something like e.g. codebot.statusofcontact1gmail.comcode returning codeonlinecodep
Negative 42922 pWhen class A privately inherits from class B it means that B is a private base class subobject of A. But not for friends, for friends it is a public sububject. And when there are multiple catch handlers the first one that matches that is, if the exception type can be implicitly converted to the handlers parameter type is called. So will anyone explain to me why the following code does not work as I expect Is this behavior intended by the standard or is this a MSVC bugp  precodeclass A   class BA private inheritance       friend void g    void f       B b     A pa  ampb  error, conversion exists, but is inaccessible     throw b   void g      B b     A pa  ampb ok, private inheritance, but g is Bs friend so it is as though public     try              f          catchAamp              WHY ISNT THIS HANDLER INVOKED BampgtAamp conversion exists in this function          catchBamp                    int main      g  codepre  pP.S. This is NOT real code, this is a theoretical experiment, that is, dont tell me stuff like friends are bad and composition is superior to private inheritance etc.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI want to store the byte value of aFloat in pixelsArray for each 3D coordinate, in a 1D arrayp  precodefloat aFloat  1.0 unsigned char pixelsArray  new unsigned char[HEIGHTWIDTH3]  for int i  0 i lt HEIGHT i     for int j  0 j lt WIDTH j           for int k  0 k lt 3 k                 pixelsArray[]  aFloat             codepre  pWhat would go in the   I think it also needs to have code sizeoffloatcode somewhere in the index if Im not mistaken.p
Negative 42922 pI have a project to create a high traffic search engine similar to altavista.com. The windows .NET C will be used for the project. I am looking for a good search engine database that can handle a very high load. I have taken a look at lucene and sql server 2008. I have read that lucene tends to get corrupt when the load is very high. So, I am considering sql server 2008 but I am uncertain sql server can handle a very high load over gigabytes of data.p  pThe database will be given a chunk of data and needs to fetch similar data elsewhere in the table. it will act just the strongsimilar questionsstrong area on stackoverflow. It will need to search over millions of rows. Is sql server 2008 and lucene my only optionsp
Negative 42922 pHey Im looking for an OpenGL libraryframework to handle basic drawing code etc for me. Otherwise im also looking for some NDK and OpenGL ES tutorials, I cant seem to find anything out therep  pAny information would be helpful cheers.p  pAdamp
Negative 42922 pErlangsqlite3 uses a port driver to connect with the SQLite database, and a hrefhttpgithub.comalexeyrerlangsqlite3blob56bfbe484d0c5b97d7b1f08677def3cc388787besrcsqlite3.erlL609 relnofollowreceives messages from the portap  precodewaitresultPort gt   receive     Port, Reply gt        ioformatReply pn, [Reply],       Reply     error, Reason gt       ioformatError pn, [Reason],       error, Reason     Else gt       ioformatElse pn, [Else],       Else   end. codepre  pI thought that messages from ports should look like a hrefhttpwww.erlang.orgdocreferencemanualports.html relnofollowthisap  precodePort,data,Data    Data is received from the external program. Port,closed         Reply to Port  Pid,close. Port,connected      Reply to Port  Pid,connect,NewPid EXIT,Port,Reason  If the port has terminated for some reason. codepre  pSo, when uncommenting the codeioformatcode line in codePort, Replycode clause, I should expect to see codedata, ...code for actual replies. I dont instead I see for codetest.erlcodep  precodeReply ok,101 Reply [columns,[name],rows,[ltltusergtgt]] Reply [columns,[sql],         rows,[ltltCREATE TABLE user id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, name TEXT, age INTEGER, wage INTEGERgtgt]] Reply id,1 Reply id,2 Reply [columns,[id,name,age,wage],         rows,[1,ltltabbygtgt,20,2000,2,ltltmargegtgt,30,2000]] Reply [columns,[id,name,age,wage],rows,[1,ltltabbygtgt,20,2000]] Reply [columns,[id,name,age,wage],         rows,[1,ltltabbygtgt,20,2000,2,ltltmargegtgt,30,2000]] Reply ok,101 Reply [columns,[id,name,age,wage],rows,[1,ltltabbygtgt,20,2000]] Reply ok,101 codepre  ol liWhere am I going wrongli liWill messages I get on a port error look like codeEXIT,Port,Reasoncode or notli ol
Negative 42922 pSay if I have  multiple forms with multiple submit button in a single page, can I somehow make all of these buttons work using webapp as backend handler If not, what are the alternativesp
Negative 42922 pI am using windows Authentication and accessing user name as.p  precodeIIdentity winId  HttpContext.Current.User.Identity string name  winId.Name codepre  pbut i want to get other details like User full name and EmailID.p
Negative 42922 pI have make one cron job as belowp  precodeltphp  echo HI gt codepre  pWhen i ran it using cron job it give me error php directory not foundp  pPlease help me regarding this.p  pThanks in advance.p  pKanjip
Negative 42922 pI am new to OpenGL and Qt, and I am learning both simultaneously3 days already. I couple of years ago I did some exmerimenting with DirectX and I clearly remember that it was possible to make a fullscreen window there. By fullscreen I mean really fullscreen, even without the top part where you have the close fullscreen and minimize buttons.p  pI have this program so farp  precodeinclude ltQApplicationgt  int mainint argc, char argv      QApplication appargc, argv     QGLWidget w     w.show     return app.exec  codepre  pWhat should I add to it to make w fullscreen p
Negative 42922 pI have a ListView and GridView within it. Upon clicking a button on any row I set an error state based on which I need to change that particular rows cell structure. For eg. I need it to go from a 5 column cell to a 3 column one. Can I accomplish this using a GridViewRowPresenterp
Negative 42922 pYesterday experts advised using while not terminated do begin... in thread execute function to check thread terminated property and exit the thread gracefully from within. We just tested code, but it still can not terminate thread. But this thread can be terminated practically and immediately by calling TerminateThread function externally. There is something defective in execute function or in that large while loop within execute function Or are there special requirements when using while not terminated loopp  pBy the way, what are difference between endthread, exitthread,and terminatethread how to use them which is comparatively betterp  pThank you so much again for your help.p
Negative 42922 pI have a test application in c starting several threads in its codemaincode and then sleeping in codemaincode forever.p  pOne of the threads is doing something that causes a segfault and a coredump is generated ulimit c unlimited was set previously.p  pIm opening the core with codegdbcode and see with codethread apply all btcode or codeinfo threadscode that I have only one thread started in codemaincode, which is impossible because at least the codemaincode thread should be running as well.p  pstrongThe question is how is it possible the rest of the threads to be missing and what could cause itstrongp  pThe backtrace of this lonely thread seems ok, no strange stuff in it.p  pThe OS is Red Hat Enterprise 5.3, gdb6.8.p
Negative 42922 pi am using a separate framebuffer object for color picking 2d objects in opengl.  i am curious if its possible to only draw to the framebuffer and read the color when needed.p  pwhat i am doing now is in the main render loop i draw the scene to the main framebuffer and then render just the selectable objects to the picking framebuffer.  p  pwhen the user clicks the mouse it binds the picking framebuffer and reads the pixel and i know which object is selected.  the problem with this is i only need the picking framebuffer when a user clicks the mouse so doing this every frame is inefficient.p  pi have tried rendering to the picking framebuffer when the user clicks the mouse and then reading directly but all i get is white the background color and not the color to tell me which object it is.  drawing the picking framebuffer just shows the entire thing as white like nothing was actually rendered to it at all.p  pdo i need to stop drawing in the main loop while rendering to the picking framebuffer or is there something im missing that would make this possiblep  pEDIT  i have tried not drawing in the main loop while rendering to the picking framebuffer and that did not work either.p
Negative 42922 pIs it safe to send unencrypted, sensitive data such as a password via POSTp
Negative 42922 pI need to create a special category for magazine, but I dont know how. Take a look at wireframe image  a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comsa8Lc.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comsa8Lc.pnga and hierarchy image httpi.stack.imgur.comUWIS3.png for better understanding.p  pEvery image of issue and title like January 2010 are links to category with articles from magazine of this month. Any ideas how I can do thisp
Negative 42922 pCreating the empermutationsem of a list or set is simple enough. I need to apply a function to each element of all subsets of all elements in a list, in the order in which they occur. For instancep  precodeapply f [x,y]   [x,y], [f x, y], [x, f y], [f x, f y]  codepre  pThe code I have is a monstrous pipeline or expensive computations, and Im not sure how to proceed, or if its correct. Im sure there must be a better way to accomplish this task  perhaps in the list monad  but Im not sure. This is my codep  precodeapply  Ord a gt a gt Maybe a gt [a] gt Set [a] apply p xs  let box  take length xs  1 . map take  length xs in   Set.fromList . map catMaybes . zipWith flip  xs . concatMap permutations    . box . map flip  repeat Just . flip iterate []  p codepre  pThe general idea wasp  precode1 make the list        [[], [f], [f,f], [f,f,f], ... ] 2 map  repeat Just over the list to obtain       [[Just, Just, Just, Just, ... ],        [f   , Just, Just, Just, ... ],        [f   , f   , Just, Just, ... ],                                 ... ] 3 find all permutations of each list in 2 shaved to the length of the input list         4 apply the permuted lists to the original list, garnering all possible applications     of the function f to each possibly empty subset of the original list, preserving     the original order. codepre  pIm sure theres a better way to do it, though. I just dont know it. This way is expensive, messy, and rather prone to error. The Justs are there because of the intended application. p
Negative 42922 pIm new to MDSDEMF but am making great progress thanks to Eclipses support.p  pI created a toy model as answered yesterday as awynne suggested, and Im very close.  Im only using EMF and its generated tree editor.p  pHeres a summary of my EMF metamodelp  precode EClass Widget    name   EClass WidgetReference    aWidgetReference  Widget [0..1] Containment  false   EClass WidgetContainer    myWidgets  Widget [0..] Containment  true   EClass ReferenceContainer    myReferences  WidgetReference [0..] Containment  true   EClass TopLevelClass    myWidgetContainer     [1] WidgetContainer    Containment  true    myReferenceContainer  [1] ReferenceContainer Containment  true codepre  pWhats happening now is that in the generated tree editor for the model, I create everything starting from the TopLevelClass.  I can successfully create multiple widgets in the WidgetContainer, and I can create a single WidgetReference in the ReferenceContainer and associate it with a specific Widget.  p  pIn case anyone runs into this, there is a bug in the generated EMF editor codep  pWhen I try to add more than one WidgetReference to the ReferenceContainer, the tree editor only shows the first WidgetReference under the ReferenceContainer.  If I click on the WidgetReferences item in the tree, it does show multiple WidgetReferences in the properties view.  It just wont let me see them in the tree, and therefore wont let me select them to change their reference to associate it to an actual widget.  p  pThe workaround to this is to create as many references as you need, save and close the model, and then reopen it.  Upon reopening it, all of the references will be shown.p  pThanks for any helpguidance.p  pJeffp
Negative 42922 pusing visual studio i am trying to create a setup file,  i selected .net 3.5 as requirement, but while installing it is asking .net 4.0 I am using visual studio 2010.p  pWhat will be the reasonp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI have an addon for a commercial ASP.NET website. My addon requires people to merge entries into their web.config, addoverwrite existing files, and add some DLL files to the bin folder.p  pIs there a good and safe way to create an installer than can do this with a wizard type of installation It would really help nontechnical people install the addon easily. Maybe even a webbased installer would be goodp  pAny help or suggestions would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI have a question about a project I should implement for my Distributed System course.p  pThe project consist in designing and implementing a library that provides a reliable multicast service to user processes. All processes belong to a group, and a message is sent by a member process to all members of the group. The sender is excluded from the recipient list.p  pThis seems to me quite easy to implement in erlang, due to its message passing structure...more points are given if you use rpc call instead of normal sockets based implementation..p  pNow my question is this one of the mandatory points of this projects requires that sockets arent kept open when there is no communication going on between processes...p  pOur course is held in C, but we are free to use any language we like...can I satisfy this constraint using erlang nodes and rpc callsp  pthanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pHow do I partition an Indexed View in MSSQL  I have a index view created which stores range of values. The view definition is as followsp  precodeCREATE VIEW dbo.targetindividualproduct WITH SCHEMABINDIN            AS SELECT daydim.datetime AS Date,       SUMISNULLorderdim.quantity,0 AS TargetAcheived,       branchdim.branchname AS BranchName ,        productdim.productname AS ProductName   FROM dbo.daydim INNER JOIN        dbo.orderfact ON daydim.dayid  orderfact.dayid   INNER JOIN dbo.productdim ON orderfact.productid  productdim.productid    INNER JOIN dbo.branchdim ON orderfact.branchid  branchdim.branchid    INNER JOIN dbo.orderdim ON orderfact.orderid  orderdim.orderid   GROUP BY orderdim.quantity, daydim.datetime,branchdim.branchname, productdim.productname   GO CREATE UNIQUE CLUSTERED INDEX targetindividualproductI on targetindividualproduct Date codepre  pNow i want to partition this table using date column. How do I do that p
Negative 42922 pI have received a specification for a webservice call which looks like this  p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingISO88591gt ltmethodResponsegt     ltparamsgt         ltparamgt             ltvaluegt                 ltarraygt                     ltdatagt                         ltvaluegt                             ltstructgt                                 ltmembergt                                     ltnamegtOrderNumberltnamegt                                     ltvaluegt                                         ltstringgt101ltstringgt                                     ltvaluegt                                 ltmembergt                                 ltmembergt                                     ltnamegtCreatedltnamegt                                     ltvaluegt                                         ltstringgt20101101 110000ltstringgt                                     ltvaluegt                                 ltmembergt                                 ltmembergt                                     ltnamegtRowsltnamegt                                     ltvaluegt                                         ltarraygt                                             ltdatagt                                                 ltvaluegt                                                     ltstructgt                                                         ltmembergt                                                             ltnamegtProductNumberltnamegt                                                             ltvaluegt                                                                 ltstringgtprod1ltstringgt                                                             ltvaluegt                                                         ltmembergt                                                         ltmembergt                                                             ltnamegtTitleltnamegt                                                             ltvaluegt                                                                 ltstringgtProdukt 1ltstringgt                                                             ltvaluegt                                                         ltmembergt                                                     ltstructgt                                                  ltvaluegt codepre  pIs this some kind of standard serialize format I think the service is written in phpp  pAny good ideas how to extract the information into a .net classp  pstrongEditstrongp  pI solved it with an xslt transform which creates a more normal xml file  p  precodeltOrdersgt     ltstructgt         ltOrderNumbergt101ltOrderNumbergt         ltCreatedgt20101101 110000ltCreatedgt         ltRowsgt             ltstructgt                 ltProductNumbergtprod1ltProductNumbergt                 ... codepre  pFrom the result it was easy to create a schema and generate a .net class with xsd.exe.p  pThe transform looks like  p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform                               xmlnsmsxslurnschemasmicrosoftcomxslt excluderesultprefixesmsxsl gt ltxsloutput methodxml indentyesgt  ltxslstripspace elementsgt ltxslpreservespace elementsstructgt  ltxsltemplate matchgt     ltOrdersgt       ltxslapplytemplatesgt     ltOrdersgt ltxsltemplategt  ltxsltemplate matchstructgt     ltstructgt         ltxslapplytemplatesgt     ltstructgt ltxsltemplategt  ltxsltemplate matchvaluestringvaluedoublegt     ltxslvalueof selectselfgt ltxsltemplategt  ltxsltemplate matchmembergt     ltxslelement namenamegt         ltxslapplytemplatesgt     ltxslelementgt ltxsltemplategt  ltxsltemplate matchtextgt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am required to automate software tests for my job and I currently use groovy to do this.  However, I am thinking about adding Ruby to my repertoire.  Mainly because I can see myself working on a rails project in the future.p  pHow long do you think it would take to become relatively proficient at scripting with Ruby  I am talking mainly navigating around a DOM with webdriverwebrat and programatically doing textfile changing work.p
Negative 42922 pI have the following array in PHP for my menu itemsp  precodeitems  arrayHome gt URL1, Info gt URL1, Contact gt URL3 codepre  pNow I want to be able to add an extra value to one index at a time, indicating that it is a selected tab.p  pHow would I do that in a fancy wayp
Negative 42922 pI have a Windows Service implementing Quartz.NET scheduling which reads scheduled job information from an XML file, parses it for a cmd line to run, and creates a scheduled job with the parsed parameters.  p  pIm currently using PHP command line scripts to test the command line execution of the scheduler, and it seems to be kicking off jobs just fine, and they even complete successfully, showing the script output in the eventLog... p  pThe problem is every time it runs, a Warning popup displays with the errorp  pPHP Startup Unable to load dynamic library Cphp5phpmssql.dll  Access is deniedp  pIf I respond OK to this warning, the script seems to run fine, but if it remains on screen, further scheduled PHP scripts will run to completion, but the output is empty I assume held up by the paused job running prior to it....p  pHow can I prevent that access denied message programmaticallyp  pThe Quartz.NET Job Execution script that runs the parsed CMD line is as followsp  precodepublic void ExecuteJobExecutionContext context              EventLog eventLog  new EventLog         eventLog.Source  SchedulerServiceSource         eventLog.Log  SchedulerService           JobDataMap dataMap  context.MergedJobDataMap   contanis information for this job parsed from the XML file.         String jobName  dataMap.GetStringname         String execute  dataMap.GetStringexecute         String args  dataMap.GetStringarguments          String LogMsg  JobRunner Executingn  Written to event log after job execution         LogMsg  JobName   jobName  n         LogMsg  Executing   execute  n          eventLog.WriteEntryLogMsg  Write the jobs details to the log          try                      Process p  new Process  Start the child process.              Redirect the output stream of the child process.             p.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false             p.StartInfo.RedirectStandardOutput  true             p.StartInfo.FileName  execute             p.StartInfo.Arguments  args             p.Start              Do not wait for the child process to exit before              reading to the end of its redirected stream.              p.WaitForExit              Read the output stream first and then wait.             String output  p.StandardOutput.ReadToEnd             p.WaitForExit             eventLog.WriteEntryjobName  nexecutednn  execute     args  nnRESULTSnn  output  n                  catch Exception ex                      eventLog.WriteEntryjobName  nattempted to executenn  execute     args  nn...FAILEDnn  ex.Message  n, EventLogEntryType.Error               codepre  pThanks everyone in advancep  pEDIT The php script Im running is a simple HELLO WORLD which does NOT interact with the Database, but I have a feeling if I DID run one that used DB functionality, it would fail due to the Access Denied msg... This is also unacceptable, and I must be able to use PHP in full capacity for this projectp  pEDIT2 I have the service installed using a Windows LocalService account.p
Negative 42922 pI have a bunch of C macros in files, stuff like codeNEXT pL code which is expanded to code  pL   next codep  pI want to remove most of them because theyre unnecessary. p  pWhat I would like to do, is get the text inside the parentheses in the macro, codepLcode. I want the replacing regexp to use that text for the rewriting. For example, in Perl I could do something like codeNEXTs.scode may be a little incorrect and then output something like code1nextcode, which should turn a line p  precodeif  NEXT pL   NULL    codepre  pintop  precodeif  pLgtnext  NULL   codepre  pIn Emacs, I would like to use match groups in an emacs replaceregexp on a file by file basis. Im not entirely sure how to do this in Emacs.p
Negative 42922 phey all, im looking for a way of catching a button held down event in wxpython i cant seem to find anything. theres just wx.EVTBUTTON which isnt quite what i want. i want my event to continue processing as long as the button is down. any help would be appreciated thanks jamesp
Negative 42922 pPlease help me on the below problemp  pHow to find out the System idle time, means to calcuclate the time the user keeps the system idle ie without moving the mouse and without touching the keyboard and between which time the system is idle .Also i should require an excel or mail to be send to the user with the summation of all the idle times for that day amp for that particular system.p  pRegards, Chandu.p
Negative 42922 pSo how to create a function to return nearest up so nearest to 9 9 1 to given int leaving no remainder when divided by 2 intp
Negative 42922 pi am using following code to compare two dates onlynot time and also with time, but it returns always future any help pleasehow can i alter the following code to do itp  precode   NSComparisonResult result  [[NSDate date] compare[NSDate date]]          switch result                      case NSOrderedAscending                  NSLog in future                    break             case NSOrderedDescending                  NSLog in past                 break             case NSOrderedSame                 NSLog in same                break              codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a UITableView with default light gray separator lines.  p  pThe last rowcell in my table has a dark background.  When scrolled all the way into view, the UITableView is drawing one last separator line below this last row, and it looks bad.  Id rather it not be there, or at least in the same color as my last cells background.p  pI know the trick for setting a zerosized footer to eliminate the fake rows and separators.  That isnt working for this.p  pAny ideas  Id rather not disable or make transparent separators all together and draw them myself.p
Negative 42922 pHi i have a javascript login page that is loaded using UIWEBVIEW. How do i ensure that the javascript has login successfully before loading buttons that is relevant to the pagep
Negative 42922 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions737257codeconvertfromctocCode convert from C to Ca  p blockquote    pThis is the dilemma. I have software that will be 10 times easier to maintain in C than C. This code will run on various platforms on the PC and embedded systems of various types.   C is naturally a better language for this project because I have components that must be switched in and out to accommodate the various platforms that it will be running on. Abstract classes, polymorphism, really really helps.    p  pThe problem is that some embedded systems does not have a C compiler, only C. Now I could rewrite the software in C but this is problematic since the software is always evolving and maintaining a C branch and C branch will be costly. What I want instead is something, or some method, of developing the software in C and then when necessary, I can either throw the code into some kind of magical converter to get C code.  Or maybe I can achieve this with compiler flags.. sounds messy but seems possible. The second option, which I really really want to avoid, is to bite the bullet and maintain the code in C. p  pAny solutions p
Negative 42922 pI created a setup with Inno Setup and wanted to query the registry using Pascal Scriptp  precode if RegKeyExistsHKEYLOCALMACHINE, SOFTWAREClassesInstallerUpgradeCodes342603A924F08FA4B95B5C283FC13D13 then codepre  pMy setup is 32bit as is my Software I want to install, but on 64bit systems, the query is redirected to codeHKCRWow6432NodeInstallerUpgradeCodescodep  pOf course, the key is not found, even though it is there. How can I detect the key even though my setup remains 32bitp
Negative 42922 pBefore a site Im working on goes live, the client wants to try out the Paypal payments for themselves. Given that the site is selling holidays, which are naturally quite expensive, trying it out with real money is not an option for them. My first thought was to set them up a paypal sandbox account and show them it working in the paypal sandbox, but it appears you need to be logged into your paypal developer account to use the sandbox accounts.p  pHow can I show them the Paypal payments before switching to Paypals live site if physically bringing them here to demonstrate it is not possible, and given that the sandbox is not an option Do I need to set the client up a developer account, plus some sandbox accounts and switch the test accounts in usep
Negative 42922 pIve got a unique key on a few fields in a table. With PHP I get a nice error like it should when I try to insert the same data. What Im trying to archieve is that MySQL gives me back the primary key of the field that generated the error.p  pSo when I insert something duplicate, is there any way that MySQL can give back the origional ID without selecting all the fields Ive been trying to insertp  pTnx in advancep
Negative 42922 pI have blocks with IDs from codeblock1code to codeblock10code.p  pLike thisp  precodeltdiv idblock1gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock2gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock3gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock4gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock5gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock6gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock7gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock8gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock9gtltdivgt ltdiv idblock10gtltdivgt codepre  pstrongHow do I get random block, with id range from 1 to 10strongp
Negative 42922 pI have a mapped entity wich has an enum property. By loking at log file, whenever I run a select statement on such entity, the result is an immediately following update. For example if my result set contains 100 records, then I havep  precode[INFO org... select...] [INFO org... update... where id] [INFO org... update... where id] codepre  p.... repeated 100 timesp  pIf I mark the property as updatefalse the problem disappear. The enum is assigned trough an enum converter class, which I copied from a well known book. So I dont know if I just copy and paste the code. Here it is how is declared on hbm file.p  precodelttypedef classmypackage.HbnEnumConverter namethetypegt     ltparam nameenumClassnamegtmypackage.TheTypeltparamgt lttypedefgt codepre  pCan you point out a direction to investigate this  Beside, what are the consequences of having updatefalse on hibernate field p  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pI just finished the NotepadV13 tutorial for Android apps, and I was thinking of creating my own inventory app for fun, which for now basically consists of a list of names such as DVD or Grocery, each of which can be clicked, which will bring up another specific list associated with that name. However, with the SQLiteDatabase.insert.. method, the ContentValue can only take among many others String, String as argument, and I cant figure out how to input into the database a list of Strings associated with a particular key. Im having trouble researching on how to resolve this as I am not that familiar with SQL.p  pWhat would be the best way to store a key with its associated list of Stringsp  pAny pointers and suggestions are appreciatedp  pAndroid newb [p
Negative 42922 pI wanted to install Fortran compiler on my windows and mac machine but cant find any good tutorialhelp to install fortran compiler. So if someone can help me here, that would be a great help.p
Negative 42922 pI have an application where Im using CSSbased tables to create a grid, but some rows have children that are grouped inside of a div. Is there any way to use CSS to get the code shown at the bottom to display p  precodeC   CCCCC DDDDD   DDDDD codepre  pwithout changing the structure of the nodes Thanksbr  For reference a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netsoneyNRura relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netsoneyNRuraap  precodelthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt     ltheadgt   ltstyle typetextcssgt    div.main       display table        div.row      display tablerow        div.cell      display tablecell        div.interfere               ltstylegt     ltheadgt  ltbodygt   ltdiv classmaingt    ltdiv classrowgt     ltdiv classcellgtCltdivgt     ltdiv classcellgtCCCCltdivgt     ltdiv classcellgtCltdivgt    ltdivgt    ltdiv classrowgt     ltdiv classcellgtDDDDltdivgt     ltdiv classinterferegt      ltdiv classcellgtDltdivgt      ltdiv classcellgtDDDDDltdivgt     ltdivgt    ltdivgt   ltdivgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 42922 pThe model binding just isnt working for me  I always get NULL coming through to the controller Any thoughts peoplep  pRobp  pHere is my action signaturep  precodepublic ActionResult SearchForUserSearchForUserModel m codepre  pHere is my Razor header model declarationp  blockquote   pmodel WebOne.Models.StatusIndexModelp blockquote  pStatusIndexModel is a composite model containing SearchForUserModelp  precodepublic class SearchForUserModel      [RequiredErrorMessage  Search information required]     [DisplayNameContact Search]     public string Search  get set   codepre  pHere is my Razorp  precode    using Html.BeginFormSearchForUser, Status           ltdivgt             ltdiv classeditorfieldgt                 Html.TextBoxForm gt m.searchForUserModel.Search                 ltinput typesubmit classformbuttonsmall valueFind gt                 ltbr gt                 Html.ValidationMessageForm gt m.searchForUserModel.Search             ltdivgt     ltdivgt      codepre  pHere is the generated HTMLp  precodeltform actionStatusSearchForUser methodpostgt             ltdivgt         ltdiv classeditorfieldgt             ltinput datavaltrue datavalrequiredSearch information required idsearchForUserModelSearch namesearchForUserModel.Search typetext value gt             ltinput typesubmit classformbuttonsmall valueFind gt             ltbr gt              ltspan classfieldvalidationvalid datavalmsgforsearchForUserModel.Search datavalmsgreplacetruegtltspangt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltformgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a UserControl with a ModalPopUpExtender. This UserControl should not be fired at all times, which is why I want to load it dynamically.p  pMy page should avoid full postbacks, so I would like to place this UserControl within an updatepanel. This, however, can give quite a lot of issues which I have been experiencing for the last 3 hours...p  pRight now I have the followingp  pstrongUserControl.ascxstrongp  precodeltaspModalPopupExtender idLevelPopupExtender runatserver BackgroundCssClassmodalBackground               PopupControlIDlvlupDiv CancelControlIDcloselvllinkgt  ltaspModalPopupExtendergt    ltaspPanel stylebackgroundimageurlImagesGamegameBg.jpg idlvlupDiv classModalPanel runatservergt       ltaspLabel idcloseLvlLbl runatserver Text gtltaspLabelgt        ltaspHyperLink idcloselvllink runatserver CssClassClosePopupClsgtClose [x]ltaspHyperLinkgt        ltaspLabel IDLevelDescription runatserver TextgtltaspLabelgt     ltaspButton IDGoToSkills runatserver TextUpdate your skills          CausesValidationfalse OnClientClickreturn true onclickGoToSkillsClick gt     ltaspButton IDCloseLevelUpDialog runatserver TextClose Window  CausesValidationfalse          OnClientClickreturn true onclickCloseLevelUpDialogClick gt ltaspPanelgt   codepre  pstrongThe page I want the UserControl added upon  HTMLstrongp  precode  ltaspUpdatePanel IDUCDPanel runatservergt ltContentTemplategt      ltaspPanel idUserControlDiv runatservergtltaspPanelgtltContentTemplategt   ltaspUpdatePanelgt codepre  pThe UserControlDiv is just a control placeholder. Also, the UCDPanel I have been messing around with both Conditional and Always, and children as triggers onoff.p  pstrongAt each pageload the usercontrol is addedstrongp  precode UCNewLevelControl uc  LoadControlcontrolPath as UCNewLevelControl  uc.ID  NewLevelControl  uc.TargetControlId  LevelHideButton  uc.NewLevelSite  LevelUp.aspx  UserControlDiv.Controls.Adduc codepre  pThe LevelHideButton is not added dynamically, so the control should at all times have a valid TargetControlId referencep  hr  pNow I thought I was done, and I could click Show on the UserControl I made a method which calls the LevelPopupExtender on the UserControl. But when I do this using a timerbutton, nothing happendsp  pI thought this was quite strange, so I tried some solutions. I found out the UserControl is strongemnever actually added to the HTML.emstrong Then I tried removing the UpdatePanel and had full postbacks, and then the control was added, and everything went fine.p  pSo it seems it is a problem with adding user controls to control within an updatepanel that is the problemp  pI could really, really use some help Thanks, Larsp
Negative 42922 pI dont really know what Ive just done so Im just going to give a kind of timeline.p  pI was trying to set up a gitHub repository today for the first time. I have a folder where I keep all the files from my site and it had a .git folder. Every so often I was committing changes etc and everything seemed ok.p  pToday I tried to merge two branches of the project I was working on. I tried merge and rebase commands but I couldnt really understand what was happening or what I was doing so I decided Id just start over with git.p  pI pulled the .git folder out of my website folder I didnt delete it which I guess could be my saving grace here. Did a new git Init in the folder and committed the website files to it.p  pThats when I noticed loads of files were missing. I think theyre still in the first .git folder. Is there a way I can restore a directory from this folderp
Negative 42922 pIn my web client I have inside an if statement a command like thisp  precodemyList  myBean.getNewList codepre  pthat references a global List and is displayed in table form in the web page.p  pHow is it that my web page doesnt update the table on screen till I refresh the page again It seems to refresh by its self straight away after a button is pressedp
Negative 42922 pIf I have to do some specific actions while connected to a specific wifi network, what can I save inside my DataBase to be sure that Im connected exactly to that network I saw that Android doesnt save the BSSID of a saved network but only the SSID and multiple profile with the save SSID are allowed so I cant use it.p
Negative 42922 pI have a JSP file that generates a list of LIs, where the first and the last item in the list get a special class assigned to them. I currently use the following bit for thatp  precodeltcset varliclassgt     ltcif testrowStatus.firstgtfirstltcifgt     ltcif testrowStatus.lastgt lastltcifgt ltcsetgt  lt not very pretty gt ltliltcif testnot empty liclassgt classliclassltcifgtgt codepre  pThe problem in this case is that, in the case when theres only one result, the class should become first last which works, but it becomes codefirst [...] lastcode, where [...] represents a bunch of whitespace that SO filters away.p  pIt seems that codeltcsetgtcode also takes the whitespace caused by the indentation used. I could just solve it by typing it without whitespacep  precodeltcset varliclassgtltcif testrowStatus.firstgtfirstltcifgtltcif testrowStatus.lastgt lastltcifgtltcsetgt codepre  pBut Id prefer the readable variant. Another alternative is to pull the result through a function that removes excess whitespace.p  pQuestion Is there an approach or technique to avoid setting whitespace like this in a codeltcsetgtcodetagp
Negative 42922 pIs there some CSS3 selector that I can write to do the followingp  pSelect the LI whose first child is an Ap
Negative 42922 pOne of my PHP files executes a query that inserts a record into my database. Here is the codep  precodequery  INSERT INTO conversations viID, moID, viTyping, moTyping, priority, status, open, mOpen, lastMsgID, searched VALUES 1999, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, yahh result  mysqlqueryquery codepre  pNormally, the values would be generated dynamically. But in an attempt to figure out what is causing my query to fail, I hardcoded the values into the query itself. Heres what happensp  p1 Using IE, the query runs just fine and inserts a record with all the values as they should be.p  p2 Using any other browser, the query runs just fine, except that the yahh value is not inserted All the other values are inserted as they should be.p  p3 If I copy and paste the query into phpMyAdmin, the query runs just fine, and inserts all the values including yahh.p  pNo matter how I run the query, no errors are reported.p  pThis is the most bizarre bug I have ever seen. I have no idea what could be causing this. It seems like the browser should have nothing to do with itp  pThanks for your helpp
Negative 42922 pIm developing a site ontop of a wordpress 3.0 database but is having trouble understanding the implementation of postsdraftautodraftinheritrevision. I do believe that the first save but not autodraft of the post becomes the primary row with no parent that gets updated each time a new draft is saved, or the published post get updated. It also seem like the old primaryrow gets copied with the status, created and parentId columns updated, but to what p  pWhat I cant see is how poststatusrevisioninherit is related to the post. Also what happends if i start to edit a published post and it gets autosaved What if I press draft p  pI guess what the question really boils down to is if I want to insert something eg a new autosave of a old post into the wpposts table without using the wordpress codebase, which queries do I need to run p
Negative 42922 pAre there any limits on the AppEngine application logs Does google store an unlimited volume of log data If not, how many entries or how many days of data are storedp  pWhat is the limit on individual logs I tried to make a very large log and it was truncated. Is the excess data lost or just hidden from the online log viewerp
Negative 42922 pI have been following the a hrefhttprailstutorial.org relnofollowRoR tutoriala and noticed that my layout appears to shift while moving between nav links. Rather than link to my actual project, you can see what I am talking about by looking at the authors personal homepage a hrefhttpwww.michaelhartl.com relnofollowwww.michaelhartl.coma If you move between the nav links at the top, the whole page appears to shift. I am guessing that this has nothing to do with RoR, and more with CSS.p
Negative 42922 pEssentially Im looking for something that models a clock and can be incremented forward by one unit of time by invoking a method. Anything such as this to be found in the standard Java library Or would you have to implement this yourselfp
Negative 42922 pI have a codeCarClass.hcode file that declares codeCarClasscode.br I then codeimportcode this codeCarClass.hcode file into my codeCarClass.mcode file where I of course then go on to implement all my codeCarClasscode methods.br Finally, my codeCarAPP.mcode file which contains the codemaincode ALSO codeimportscode codeCarClass.hcode  and everything works just fine.p  pSs there are actually no problems there p  pHowever, Im not sure I understand WHY it works  cause the linkage seems a little off if   codeCarAPP.mcode imports ONLY the codeCarClass.hcode file  without also importing the codeCarClass.mcode file, then where does it GET or SEE the implementations from Is it the case that once the .m file  which imports the .h file  is compiled, then the two files .h and .m are sorta forever linked or something I just dont get it...p
Negative 42922 pI need to take a CSV file from the clients machine and extract the data from it. I cannot save this CSV file, which is crucial otherwise I would be laughing. My PHP so far works like a charmp  h2upload.phph2  precodeltphp     file  FILES[file]     if file[error]  UPLOADERROK          ext  substrfile[name], strrposfile[name], .  1         maxSize  3000000          Check file extension, MIMEtype and size limit 3 MB.         if ext  csv              if file[type]  textcsv                  file[type]  textcommaseparatedvalues                   if file[size] lt maxSize                      CSV gt JSON                     fileAsArray  Array                      if handle  fopenfile[tmpname], r  FALSE                          while data  fgetcsvhandle, 1000, ,  FALSE                              fileAsArray[]  data                                                              fclosehandle                                                          echo jsonencodefileAsArray                             diejsonencodefileAsArray                                          else                          echo File size .file[size].bytesltbrgtLimit .maxSize. 3MB                                                       else                      echo MIMEtype .file[type].ltbrgtRequired textcsv                                           else                  echo File Extension .ext.ltbrgtRequired csv                               else             dieCannot upload gt codepre  pIgnore the echo. It was just so I knew it was actually working. However, Ive been using jQuery with this website and cant figure out the code to properly get the form to submit the file and retrieve the JSON data back fileAsArray at the same time. Here is my HTMLjquery in codeindex.htmlcodep  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     var csvData   My global variable twodimensional JSON array      document.readyfunction         upload.clickfunction             alerttest              .ajax                 type POST,                 url upload.php,                 data dont know what goes here,                 dataType json,                 success function data                      alertdata Tried everything here too.                                              codepre  pand HTMLp  precodeltform methodPOST actionupload.php enctypemultipartformdata classfileuploadgt     ltinput idgetFile typefile namefilegt     ltinput valueExtract Data idupload typebuttongt ltformgt codepre  pI tried codetypesubmitcode as well, and a bunch of other things including just a form tag and letting jQuery handle the POST... Thanks. If there is a better way to do this, please let me know p  pIve been struggling with this for several days now... Having gone through many renditions of the code outlined below, Ive stripped it down to its basics.p
Negative 42922 pI get this error while trying to obtain the number of shares and likes of the particular link on Facebookp  precode  errorcode601,errormsg  Parser error unexpected  at position 56.,  requestargs           [keymethod,valuefql.query,            keyformat,valuejson,            keyquery,valueSELECT sharecount, likecount FROM linkstat WHERE              urlhttpwww.lrinka.ltindex.phpactmain,            keyitemid,value5963]  codepre  pThe link a hrefhttpwww.lrinka.ltindex.phpactmainampitemid5963 relnofollowhttpwww.lrinka.ltindex.phpactmainampitemid5963ap  pThe API call a hrefhttpsapi.facebook.commethodfql.queryformatjsonampquerySELECT20sharecount,20likecount20FROM20linkstat20WHERE20url27httpwww.lrinka.ltindex.phpactmainampitemid596327 relnofollowhttpsapi.facebook.commethodfql.queryformatjsonampquerySELECT20sharecount,20likecount20FROM20linkstat20WHERE20url27httpwww.lrinka.ltindex.phpactmainampitemid596327ap  pEverything works fine with other links.p
Negative 42922 pThis is how I define my appp  precodedefroutes index    GET  [] mainpage    GET form [] renderpage Vote renderform    POST vote params params postvote params    routenotfound Page not found  def app site index  defservice app codepre  pThe site here is used to capture params, which is a new in compojure 0.6.0. However Im getting a empty map in postvote. I wonder whats wrong with the above codep
Negative 42922 pId like to customize an existing graph editor Im talking about a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiGraph28mathematics29 relnofollowgraphsa with nodes and vertices in Java. Id like to be able to add different kinds of nodes, connections etc. The resulting diagram will then be used for code generations. Do you have any recommendations as to which existing open source graph editorvisualization toolkit in Java to usep
Negative 42922 pDoes anyone know of any reason why indentation of a codeUITableViewCellcode would center the cells codeUIImageViewcode horizontally In theory and judging by the screenshots and apps Ive seen in the past, the imageView should always align to the right, keeping a consistent space to the two labels. In my case screenshot below, it doesnt. This is a default codeUITableViewCellcode with the codeUITableViewCellStyleSubtitlecodestyle. Any clues Ive been looking at this for quite a while and cant seem to figure it out.p  pstrongUpdatestrong apparently codeUITableViewCellStyleDefaultcode doesnt have this issue  imageViews are rightaligned with the single label. Why there is a difference between the two styles is beyond me. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhf0Kn.jpg altUITableViewCellp  pgreenblue areas added to illustrate the issuep
Negative 42922 pI have an MDI form as the app start object. p  pI dont think is related, but in the Form closing event, I check for some condition, and if its true, I ask for confirmation before closingp  precodePrivate Sub FormBackgroundFormClosingByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As System.Windows.Forms.FormClosingEventArgs Handles Me.FormClosing     If e.CloseReason  CloseReason.UserClosing Then         If conditionIsMet Then             Dim res As DialogResult             res  MessageBox.ShowAre you sure, Warning, MessageBoxButtons.YesNo             If res ltgt Windows.Forms.DialogResult.Yes Then                 e.Cancel  True             End If         End If     End If End Sub codepre  pSo long, everything works fine in my development machine, which runs windows XP. p  pHowever, when deploying the application in a windows 7 machine, the message box works correctly, showing itself whenever it should, but after the form is closed the application keeps running in the background. This happens whether the form closes directly or asks the user first.p  pI have hopefully fixed it putting an End instruction in the FormBackground.FormClosed event, but it doesnt feel good. As a workaround its OK for now but Id like to find the cause of the problem.p  pAny thoughtp
Negative 42922 pIn MATLAB, we can write to the editor the followingp  precode  a example cell   plotrand3    another cell Arand210 tlinspacepi,pi,210 compassfftAsint codepre  pand we can just hit kbdCtrlkbdkbdEnterkbd to run the cell being clicked by the mouse pointer.p  pNow I know in Vim, I can do p  pcodelt,gtw matlabcode to run a visually selected block of code.p  pBut how do I implement the MATLABlike cell mode in VimgVimp  pFor example some python codep  precodeimport os import subprocess import random   1st cell ps [python, h] out  subprocess.Popenps.communicate[0] print out   2nd cell   import random sould not be needed if we concatenate the import section and the cell print random.randint1,100 codepre  pCan anyone offer some ideasp
Negative 42922 pIn VC 2008, is there a window where I can type in a valid expression  i.e, a method such as codesqrt5code  and the result will showp  pI tried to use the watch windows when Im doing debugging, but it can only show variable values and do simple computation such as code12code it cant evaluate functions with values. p  pAnything I missp
Negative 42922 pmy app is crashed as it execute [NSXMLParser parse] statement,andbr i am getting following    p  p20110301 093631.735 MasterApp[228207] [NSCFString bytes] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x5f6b000br 20110301 093631.738 MasterApp[228207] strong Terminating app due to uncaught exception NSInvalidArgumentException, reason [NSCFString bytes] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x5f6b000br strong Call stack at first throwbr br     0   CoreFoundation                      0x0252eb99 strongexceptionPreprocess  185br     1   libobjc.A.dylib                     0x0267e40e objcexceptionthrow  47br     2   CoreFoundation                      0x025306ab [NSObjectNSObject   doesNotRecognizeSelector]  187br     3   CoreFoundation                      0x024a02b6 emforwardingemstrong  966br     4   CoreFoundation                      0x0249fe72 CFforwardingprep0  50br     5   Foundation                          0x00114afc [NSXMLParser parse]  147br     6   MasterApp                           0x0000c731 [identifierList getUrl]  994br     7   MasterApp                           0x0000c306 [identifierList   actionSheetclickedButtonAtIndex]  56br     8   UIKit                               0x0077047d [UIActionSheetPrivate   buttonClicked]  258br     9   UIKit                               0x002dc7f8 [UIApplication   sendActiontofromforEvent]  119br     10  UIKit                               0x00367de0 [UIControl sendActiontoforEvent]  67br     11  UIKit                               0x0036a262 [UIControlInternal sendActionsForEventswithEvent]  527br     12  UIKit                               0x00368e0f [UIControl touchesEndedwithEvent]  458br     13  UIKit                               0x003003d0 [UIWindow sendTouchesForEvent]  567br     14  UIKit                               0x002e1cb4 [UIApplication sendEvent]  447br     15  UIKit                               0x002e69bf UIApplicationHandleEvent  7672br     16  GraphicsServices                    0x02d8a822 PurpleEventCallback  1550br     17  CoreFoundation                      0x0250fff4 strongCFRUNLOOPISCALLINGOUTTOASOURCE1PERFORMFUNCTIONstrong  52br     18  CoreFoundation                      0x02470807 CFRunLoopDoSource1  215br     19  CoreFoundation                      0x0246da93 CFRunLoopRun  979br     20  CoreFoundation                      0x0246d350 CFRunLoopRunSpecific  208br     21  CoreFoundation                      0x0246d271 CFRunLoopRunInMode  97br     22  GraphicsServices                    0x02d8900c GSEventRunModal  217br     23  GraphicsServices                    0x02d890d1 GSEventRun  115br     24  UIKit                               0x002eaaf2 UIApplicationMain  1160br     25  MasterApp                           0x00001dbc main  102br     26  MasterApp                           0x00001d4d start  53br br terminate called after throwing an instance of NSExceptionbr Program received signal  SIGABRT.  p  pthank you in advancep
Negative 42922 pI am assing a client callback function on a network read stream below  p  precode voidconnectToServer      if[self isServerConfigured]              CFReadStreamRef readStream          CFWriteStreamRef writeStream         CFHostRef host  CFHostCreateWithNamekCFAllocatorDefault, CFStringRefself.serverAddress         CFStreamCreatePairWithSocketToCFHostkCFAllocatorDefault, host, self.port, ampreadStream, ampwriteStream          CFStreamClientContext myContext               0,             self,             void void infoCFRetain,             void void infoCFRelease,             CFStringRef void infoCFCopyDescription                   CFOptionFlags registeredEvents  kCFStreamEventHasBytesAvailable          kCFStreamEventErrorOccurred  kCFStreamEventEndEncountered          ifCFReadStreamSetClientreadStream, registeredEvents, serverCB, ampmyContext                      CFReadStreamScheduleWithRunLoopreadStream, CFRunLoopGetCurrent, kCFRunLoopCommonModes                  ifCFReadStreamOpenreadStream             NSLogCould not open read stream                codepre  pI would like this callback function to be able to call instance functions in the current object self. It does not appear that CFReadStreamSetClient will allow me to change the callback functions signature and so I cannot just pass a reference to the current object to the callback I dont think. p  pThis is the callback functionp  precode void serverCBCFReadStreamRef stream, CFStreamEventType event, void myPtr      switchevent          case kCFStreamEventHasBytesAvailable             [self readStreamDatastream]             break         case kCFStreamEventErrorOccurred             NSLogA Read Stream Error Has Occurred             break         case kCFStreamEventEndEncountered             NSLogA Read Stream Event End             break         default             break       codepre  pServerCB will not know what self is in this context. Can someone give me a pointer on how I can work around thisp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pMy server uses suPHP and so each website has its own php.ini file. My host recommended adding the following in my .htaccess filep  precodeltIfModule modsuphp.cgt suPHPConfigPath homeuserpublichtml ltIfModulegt codepre  pThis basically points to the sites php.ini file. However, I am trying to have a standard .htaccess file across all sites that I dont need to edit basically part of my boilerplate site that I start off with. I tried to change the above to thisp  precodeltIfModule modsuphp.cgt suPHPConfigPath DOCUMENTROOTpublichtml ltIfModulegt codepre  pBut this doesnt work. As you can tell I am probably not understanding how this all works. Can anyone help me with the above code so that I dont need to put the exact path in for each .htaccess file, and get Apache to work out the path to my php.ini filep  pI hope that makes sense, its a little difficult to explainp
Negative 42922 pIn my program I want to add some values together with a running total, and then show that total in a text box. When I try to run it, though, it just shows zero.p  pHeres the code Im usingp  precode        TotalPrice  TotalPrice  Price     Next     TxtLuggage.Text  TotalPrice codepre  pthis chunk was a part of a For next loop.p  pHow do I fix this.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to make a Facebook Chat on Android with the Smack library. Ive read the a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocschatChat APIa from Facebook, but I cannot understand how I have to authenticate with Facebook using this library.p  pCan anyone point me how to accomplish thisp  pstrongUpdatestrong According to the no.good.at.coding answer, I have this code adapted to the Asmack library. All works fine except I receive as response to the login notauthorized. Here is the code I usep  precodepublic class SASLXFacebookPlatformMechanism extends SASLMechanism       private static final String NAME               XFACEBOOKPLATFORM      private String              apiKey                  private String              applicationSecret       private String              sessionKey                      Constructor.           public SASLXFacebookPlatformMechanismSASLAuthentication saslAuthentication              supersaslAuthentication           Override     protected void authenticate throws IOException, XMPPException               getSASLAuthentication.sendnew AuthMechanismNAME,            Override     public void authenticateString apiKeyAndSessionKey, String host,             String applicationSecret throws IOException, XMPPException              if apiKeyAndSessionKey  null  applicationSecret  null                      throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionInvalid parameters                   String[] keyArray  apiKeyAndSessionKey.split, 2         if keyArray.length lt 2                      throw new IllegalArgumentException                     API key or session key is not present                   this.apiKey  keyArray[0]         Log.dAPIKEY, apiKey         this.applicationSecret  applicationSecret         Log.dSECRETKEY, applicationSecret         this.sessionKey  keyArray[1]         Log.dSESSIONKEY, sessionKey          this.authenticationId  sessionKey         this.password  applicationSecret         this.hostname  host          String[] mechanisms   DIGESTMD5          MapltString, Stringgt props  new HashMapltString, Stringgt         this.sc                  Sasl.createSaslClientmechanisms, null, xmpp, host, props,                         this         authenticate           Override     protected String getName              return NAME           Override     public void challengeReceivedString challenge throws IOException              byte[] response  null          if challenge  null                      String decodedChallenge  new StringBase64.decodechallenge             Log.dDECODED, decodedChallenge             MapltString, Stringgt parameters  getQueryMapdecodedChallenge              String version  1.0             String nonce  parameters.getnonce             String method  parameters.getmethod              long callId  new GregorianCalendar.getTimeInMillis  1000L              String sig                      apikey  apiKey  callid  callId  method                              method  nonce  nonce  sessionkey                              sessionKey  v  version  applicationSecret              try                              sig  md5sig                 sig  sig.toUpperCase              catch NoSuchAlgorithmException e                              throw new IllegalStateExceptione                           String composedResponse                      apikey  URLEncoder.encodeapiKey, utf8                              ampcallid  callId  ampmethod                              URLEncoder.encodemethod, utf8  ampnonce                              URLEncoder.encodenonce, utf8                              ampsessionkey                              URLEncoder.encodesessionKey, utf8  ampv                              URLEncoder.encodeversion, utf8  ampsig                              URLEncoder.encodesig, utf8              Log.dCOMPOSED, composedResponse              response  composedResponse.getBytesutf8                   String authenticationText            if response  null                      authenticationText                      Base64.encodeBytesresponse, Base64.DONTBREAKLINES                    Send the authentication to the server         getSASLAuthentication.sendnew ResponseauthenticationText           private MapltString, Stringgt getQueryMapString query              MapltString, Stringgt map  new HashMapltString, Stringgt         String[] params  query.splitamp          for String param  params                      String[] fields  param.split, 2             map.putfields[0], fields.length gt 1  fields[1]  null                   return map           private String md5String text throws NoSuchAlgorithmException,             UnsupportedEncodingException              MessageDigest md  MessageDigest.getInstanceMD5         md.updatetext.getBytesutf8, 0, text.length         return convertToHexmd.digest           private String convertToHexbyte[] data              StringBuilder buf  new StringBuilder         int len  data.length          for int i  0 i lt len i                      int halfByte  data[i] gtgtgt 4 amp 0xF             int twoHalfs  0              do                              if 0 lt halfByte ampamp halfByte lt 9                                      buf.appendchar 0  halfByte                                  else                                      buf.appendchar a  halfByte  10                                  halfByte  data[i] amp 0xF              while twoHalfs lt 1                   return buf.toString       codepre  pAnd this, is the communication with the server with the sent and received messagesp  precodePM SENT 1132418216 ltstreamstream tochat.facebook.com xmlnsjabberclient xmlnsstreamhttpetherx.jabber.orgstreams version1.0gt   PM RCV  1132418216 ltxml version1.0gtltstreamstream idC62D0F43 fromchat.facebook.com xmlnsjabberclient xmlnsstreamhttpetherx.jabber.orgstreams version1.0 xmllangengtltstreamfeaturesgtltmechanisms xmlnsurnietfparamsxmlnsxmppsaslgtltmechanismgtXFACEBOOKPLATFORMltmechanismgtltmechanismgtDIGESTMD5ltmechanismgtltmechanismsgtltstreamfeaturesgt   PM SENT 1132418216 ltauth mechanismXFACEBOOKPLATFORM xmlnsurnietfparamsxmlnsxmppsaslgtltauthgt   PM RCV  1132418216 ltchallenge xmlnsurnietfparamsxmlnsxmppsaslgtdmVyc2lvbj0xJm1ldGhvZD1hdXRoLnhtcHBfbG9naW4mbm9uY2U9NzFGNkQ3Rjc5QkIyREJCQ0YxQTkwMzA0QTg3OTlBMzMltchallengegt   PM SENT 1132418216 ltresponse xmlnsurnietfparamsxmlnsxmppsaslgtYXBpX2tleT0zMWYzYjg1ZjBjODYwNjQ3NThiZTZhOTQyNjVjZmNjMCZjYWxsX2lkPTEzMDA0NTYxMzUmbWV0aG9kPWF1dGgueG1wcF9sb2dpbiZub25jZT03MUY2RDdGNzlCQjJEQkJDRjFBOTAzMDRBODc5OUEzMyZzZXNzaW9uX2tleT0yNjUzMTg4ODNkYWJhOGRlOTRiYTk4ZDYtMTAwMDAwNTAyNjc2Nzc4JnY9MS4wJnNpZz04RkRDRjRGRTgzMENGOEQ3QjgwNjdERUQyOEE2RERFQwltresponsegt   PM RCV  1132418216 ltfailure xmlnsurnietfparamsxmlnsxmppsaslgtltnotauthorizedgtltfailuregt codepre  pAs read in the a hrefhttpforum.developers.facebook.netviewtopic.phpid93219developers Facebook foruma, it is needed to disable the Disable Deprecated Auth Methods setting from the Facebook settings page of your app. But, even doing that, I cant login. And the session key is the second part of the OAuth token in the form AAABBBCCC, I mean, BBB.p
Negative 42922 pI am using a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiExt28JavaScriptlibrary29 relnofollowExtas codeExt.grid.EditorGridPanelcode to create a grid and using arraystore with local data to populate rows in grid. When I edit the values in grid, they show a small red triangle at topleft, and also the store data is not updated.p  pSo how can I edit local data in EditorGridPanelp  pI see a similar problem in Ext a hrefhttpdev.sencha.comdeploydevexamplesgrideditgrid.html relnofollowEditor Grid Examplea, though that example also set the URL, see image below.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combgtMR.png altenter image description herep  pSolution As I just needed to save changes locally I just did the following.p  precodesettingsGrid.onafteredit, functionevt settingsGrid.store.commitChanges  codepre  pIt fixes the problem and all user edited data is happily updated in the local store.p
Negative 42922 pI am using Neo4j with Lucene indexing, which works pretty good with nodes, maybe not so well with relationships. But My question is is there a way to use SOLR to query on Neo4j since it uses Lucene is there a plugin somewhere or do I have to create my ownp  pThanks for your answersp
Negative 42922 pIm not sure what the extent of the help I need but I thought I would ask, even if I just get pointed in the right direction.p  pI have a basic layout with text box and and submit button.p  pI have a class called codehellodatabasecode with sends a string to a php file which retunes a result to text view.p  pWhat I need to do is send the string to the codehellodatabasecode class and then display the result.p  pBelow is a class that I have found in a tutorial that I have been using for my database connection. p  pAny help creating this class will be great or just pointing me in the right direction.p  precodepackage example.hellodatabase  import java.io.BufferedReader import java.io.InputStream import java.io.InputStreamReader import java.util.ArrayList  import org.apache.http.HttpEntity import org.apache.http.HttpResponse import org.apache.http.NameValuePair import org.apache.http.client.HttpClient import org.apache.http.client.entity.UrlEncodedFormEntity import org.apache.http.client.methods.HttpPost import org.apache.http.impl.client.DefaultHttpClient import org.apache.http.message.BasicNameValuePair import org.json.JSONArray import org.json.JSONException import org.json.JSONObject  import android.app.Activity import android.os.Bundle import android.util.Log import android.widget.LinearLayout import android.widget.TextView   public class HelloDatabase extends Activity   Called when the activity is first created.      TextView txt Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.main      Create a crude view  this should really be set via the layout resources        but since its an example saves declaring them in the XML.       LinearLayout rootLayout  new LinearLayoutgetApplicationContext       txt  new TextViewgetApplicationContext       rootLayout.addViewtxt       setContentViewrootLayout         Set the text and call the connect function.       txt.setTextConnecting...    call the method to run the data retreival     txt.setTextgetServerDataKEY121      public static final String KEY121  httpwww.mydomain.co.uk1.php i use my real ip here    private String getServerDataString returnString      InputStream is  null     String result       the year data to send     ArrayListltNameValuePairgt nameValuePairs  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt     nameValuePairs.addnew BasicNameValuePairname,beans      http post     try             HttpClient httpclient  new DefaultHttpClient             HttpPost httppost  new HttpPostKEY121             httppost.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntitynameValuePairs             HttpResponse response  httpclient.executehttppost             HttpEntity entity  response.getEntity             is  entity.getContent      catchException e             Log.elogtag, Error in http connection e.toString           convert response to string     try             BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderis,iso88591,8             StringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder             String line  null             while line  reader.readLine  null                      sb.appendline  n                          is.close             resultsb.toString     catchException e             Log.elogtag, Error converting result e.toString          parse json data     try             JSONArray jArray  new JSONArrayresult             forint i0iltjArray.lengthi                     JSONObject jsondata  jArray.getJSONObjecti                      Get an output to the screen                  catchJSONException e             Log.elogtag, Error parsing data e.toString          return returnString         codepre
Negative 42922 pHow can i load test REST WCF servicep  pIs it possible with Web performance testing and Load testing in Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate.p  pPlease help. Thanx in advance.p
Negative 42922 pPlease help me to convert this below code to vb.net. I have no idea to convert from anonymous method to vb.net. Im currently using VS2010.p  precode    public void DoWorkCustomObject obj              var linq  from s in storages                      where s.Key  obj.Key                      select s.Value.ToList          ActionltICustomServicegt act              delegateICustomService service                              service.ChangeValueobj                       linq.ForEachact      codepre  pThank you in advance.p  pPure C Developerp
Negative 42922 pI am stuck in one date format p  pi want my date should look like this, 18th Mar 2011 and it can be 1st, 2nd,3rd that means i want to resolve for all the aspectsp  pPlz help me out for this ASAPp  pThanks in advance to all.p
Negative 42922 pIm making an iPad application that will let certain selected words or sentences be spoken out loud. But for this I should be able to select text by just dragging a finger over the words.p  pI was thinking about using a UITextView since you can get the selected text from it but it always shows up the keyboard and the magnifying glass with then the menu for Select, Select All and copy. Is it possible to just select words preferable from a UILabel If not is it possible with only the magnifying glass showing but no menu and keyboardp  pMaybe Im googling wrong but Ive spent already many hours looking for a solution and Im just not making any progress...p  pThank you very muchp
Negative 42922 pUsing Devise on Rails, is there some way to list all the users who currently have active sessions i.e. the users that are currently logged inp  pPs. Im looking for a robust solution, not something simplistic like the ones in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3184973railsusingdevisetoshowonlineusersthis questionap
Negative 42922 pIm having an issue in one of my activities with text being cutoff at the first letter.  p  pThe issue is, whenever navigating away from this activity to another via the tabs at the top, and then going back to this activity, all of the text except the first letter in all of the textviews gets cutoffp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2hV9U.png altenter image description herep  pThe funny thing is that every time I repeat this process leaving the activity and going back, the text comes back, gets cutoff, comes back, gets cut off....repeating.p  pMy table layout is defined as followsp  precodeltTableLayout      androidididstatisticsMiddleTableLayout     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidstatisticsMiddleTextTitleLayout     androidstretchColumns1gt codepre  pWith all rows having the following structurep  precodeltTableRow     androidididtableRow1Statisticsgt     lt TitleRow gt         ltTextView             androidididstatisticsTableR1CLText             androidlayoutwidth0dip             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextstringstatisticsTableR1CLText             androidtextStylebold             androidtextColorFF6600             androidpaddingTop0dip             androidlayoutmargin0dip             androidgravitycenterhorizontal             androidlayoutweight1gt         ltTextView             androidididstatisticsTableR1CRText             androidtextstringstatisticsTableR1CRText             androidtextStylebold             androidtextColorFFFF66             androidgravitycenterhorizontal             androidlayoutwidth0dip             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidpaddingTop0dip             androidlayoutmargin0dip             androidlayoutweight1gt     ltTableRowgt codepre  pI have found that setting androidlayoutwidth to something other than 0dip for the textviews solves this problem and the text doesnt get cutoff, but then I cant get an equal width between the textviews.  Id have to rebuild the entire activity UI without a table, which I dont want to do.p  pThe more interesting factor is that this does not happen on a real device I only have one to test it on though and I had never seen this bug before upgrading the android SDK tools to Revision 10.p  pSo now I wonder, is this a bug in the SDK revision 10 tools, or should I rework the entire UI for this activity  Has anyone else experienced this issue with using 0dip for the layoutwidth textview attribute inside of a tablep
Negative 42922 pIn drag and drop the dragLeave event sometimes fires before the drop event.p  pThis is causing problems because the target is getting the listeners in dragEnter with dragLeave and drop removing the listeners.  If dragLeave fires before drop, then there is no listener for the drop.p  pI emthinkem the reason has something to do with another contraintuitive the dragEnter sometimes fires multiple times for the same target, even with propagation off.  With multiple dragEnters, one would spawn a drop while the others would spawn a dragLeave.  If this is the case, perhaps I could associate the dragLeave with the dragEnter  but I see no means of that coordination.p  precodefunction dragEnter e      e.stopPropatation     is multiple fires of dragEnter for same cell   if curCell  this  return    curCell  this   curCell.addEventListener drop, drop, true    curCell.addEventListener dragover, dragOver, true    curCell.addEventListener dragleave, dragLeave, true     ...   function dragLeave e     e.stopPropagation   curCell.removeEventListener drop, drop, true    curCell.removeEventListener dragover, dragOver, true    curCell.removeEventListener dragleave, dragLeave, true   function drop e      do the actual work   dragLeave e   codepre  pHeres a list of callsp  precodebegin drag dragstart drag enter  thise9  e.targetIMG drag enter  thise9  e.targetTD drag enter  thise8  e.targetTD drag enter  thise8  adding listeners drag enter  thise8  e.targetIMG drag leave thise8 clearing listeners thise8 codepre  pIf the clearing listeners were not performed, the next step would have beenp  precodedrop thise8 codepre
Negative 42922 pForgive me, but I may not be familiar with all the lingo necessary to ask this question properly. p  pIm working on a fairly simple REST web service in Java using the codeorg.apache.cxf.jaxrs.extcode implementation of jaxrs.  The method header is like thisp  precodeGET PathjsonfullAlias Producesapplicationjson public String jsonPathParamfullAlias String fullAlias, Context MessageContext req codepre  pwhere MessageContext is codeorg.apache.cxf.jaxrs.ext.MessageContextcode.  p  pThere are two things Im trying to accomplish that I cant seem to figure outp  ol liChange the contenttype if certain conditions are met e.g. for an errorli liChange the status code of the responseli ol  pIve tried using changing the response by accessing it through the MessageContextp  precodeHttpServletResponse response  req.getHttpServletResponse response.setContentTypetextplain response.setStatusHttpServletResponse.SCBADREQUEST codepre  pBut these changes have no bearing on the response sent with or without the Produces annotation, setting the content type inside the method doesnt affect the actual content type With the annotation, it of course returns applicationjson, without it defaults to texthtml.  p  pI am returning a simple String as the body.  Ive entertained trying to return a javax.ws.rs.core.Response object to do what I want, but I dont know much about it.p  pHow would I change the content type andor the status codes from inside this methodp
Negative 42922 pI have created a form in my web application which has only a single text field and that field is posted to a PHP page using GET, but I am observing strange behavior. i.e. when I test it on my local server, the text is received as it was written in the text field, but when I upload it to my online server, the received string is escaped automatically means, all single quotes and double quotes are escaped. e.g. If I write codeIts not true...code then on php side I will getp  precodecomment  REQUEST[comm] print comment will print Its not true... on my online server will print Its not true... on my local server codepre  pI am yet unable to under stand why is it so Is there any PHP setting for escaping Query Strings variables automaticallyp
Negative 42922 phow to get one column data of a table  and it can be put into a column of another table p  pplz tell me queryp  pchurchillp
Negative 42922 pIf I create a basic asp.net application and set the outputcache the page is cached fine in chrome amp IE on the desktop.  First request returns 200, subsequent request return 304 for the default.aspx.  Im monitoring through fiddler p  pHowever accessing the same page from an iPhone I noticed that its always returning 200 for the aspx file.  All resources are being caching and are returning 304s.  So its just the aspx page.p  pAny ideas why this is happeningp  pSome technical detailsp  ul lilt OutputCache Duration30 VaryByParamNone LocationAny li liStock standard ASPX page. ContentLength 2464li liReloading on the iPhone using refresh control or keyboard go doesnt make a difference.li liExplicitly setting eTag does not make a differenceli liLastModified is setli libut IfModifiedSince is emnotem being send for the ASPX pageli liLatest IOS 4.3.1li liIIS 7.5 running on Win7 using ASP.NET 4li ul
Negative 42922 pRandomAccessFile is quite slow for random access to a file. You often read about implementing a buffered layer over it, but code doing this isnt possible to find online. p  pSo my question is would you guys who know any opensource implementation of this class share a pointer or share your own implementationp  pIt would be nice if this question would turn out as a collection of useful links and code about this problem, which Im sure, is shared by many and never addressed properly by SUN.p  pPlease, no reference to MemoryMapping, as files can be way bigger than Integer.MAXVALUE.p
Negative 42922 pi have a problem in my code. I have an ajax validation that calls a php file where the data is validated.p  pThe php returns echos like invalidData and in the javascript i check codeif datainvalidData somethingcodep  pThe problem are the includes. Incredible thing. p  precode ltphp     includeincludesfbanco.php     conecta       function getpostvarvar          val  POST[var]         if getmagicquotesgpc         val  stripslashesval         return val            name  getpostvarname       function validateNamename         ifstrlenname lt 4  emptyname              echo invalidData             return false                  else               name  mysqlrealescapestringname             check  mysqlquerySELECT username FROM users WHERE username .name.             or diemysqlerror             check2  mysqlnumrowscheck              if check2  0 ampamp name                    echo validData                 return true              else                  echo invalidData                 return false                                 errorreportingEALL     validateNamename      gt codepre  pin the code above i only can check if the name is empty if i dont put the includes in the file. If i put the result is again and again different than invalidData.p  pThe connection to the database is not made too or if is made the return is not the correct. Important the include file is correct, i test in another example and the database is correct too.  p  pthanksp  precodeEdit LAST VERSION  ltphp  errorreporting1   require includesfbanco1.php  name  POST[carlos]   function validateNamename     ifstrlenname lt 4  emptyname          echo nomeInvalido         return false          else           name  mysqlrealescapestringname          check  mysqlquerySELECT username FROM users WHERE username .name.         or diemysqlerror         check2  mysqlnumrowscheck          if check2  0 ampamp name                echo nomeValido             return true          else              echo nomeInvalido             return false                  validateNamename  echo this must appear gt codepre  poutput p  precodeNotice Undefined index carlos in CUsersfelVertrigoServwwwloginvalidation.php on line 8 nomeInvalidothis must appear codepre
Negative 42922 pI know this seems like a simple question, but Im really stuck. I am developing a website and Firefox is altering the image colors for the site.  The issue is stemming from Firefoxs use of ICC color profiles I think.p  pIve done tons of research on the topic, and most of it boils down to sRGB when saving in Photoshop, but the color profiles are already set to sRGB.p  pThese are the color settings I use when I save a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comjLJ5g.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comjLJ5g.pngap  ul lia hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comOAx88.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comOAx88.pnga  How it looks in Firefox 3, Chrome, and IEli lia hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comB7bcC.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comB7bcC.pnga  How it looks in Firefox 4li ul  pI can disable Firefox 4s color management throughp  pcodeaboutconfig  gfx.colormanagement.enabled  0code,p  pbut that is not a correct solution.p  pWat dop  pURL a hrefhttpdevelopment.smgwebdesign.comriley relnofollowhttpdevelopment.smgwebdesign.comrileyap  pThanks guys.p
Negative 42922 pI have used required field validator to validate a simple textbox and a textbox whose textmode is set to multiline. The validator works fine for the simple textbox , it shows error on clicking the submit button, but it doesnt show the error message for multiline textbox. It validates both the textboxes when I click the submit button 2nd time. I just dont know whats wrong with it. below is the codep  precodeltaspContent IDContent1 ContentPlaceHolderIDHeadContent RunatServergt  ltscript typetextjavascript src..Scriptstinymcetinymce.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt  tinyMCE.init   General options   mode textareas,  theme simple,  encoding xml        codepre  pp  precode ltscript typetextCgt  public string BodyHtml     get  return HttpUtility.HtmlDecodetxtDescription.Value    set  txtDescription.Value  value    codepre  p    p  precodeltaspContent IDContent2 ContentPlaceHolderIDMainContent RunatServergt ltaspLabel IDlblTitle runatserver TextTitle requiredgtltaspLabelgt  ltbr gt ltaspTextBox IDtxtTitle runatserver Width557pxgtltaspTextBoxgt ltltaspRequiredFieldValidator IDreqTitle runatserver ErrorMessageControlToValidatetxtTitlegtltaspRequiredFieldValidatorgtgt ltaspLabel IDlblDescription TextDescription required runatservergtltaspLabelgt codepre  pbr  p  precodeltltaspRequiredFieldValidator IDreqDescription runatserver ErrorMessage ControlToValidatetxtDescription gtltaspRequiredFieldValidatorgtgt codepre  pbr        br p  precodeltaspFileUpload IDFileUpload1 runatserver gt ltbr gt ltbr gt ltaspButton IDbtnSubmit runatserver TextSave      onclickbtnSubmitClick gt ltaspLabel IDLabel1 runatservergtltaspLabelgt  codepre  pp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to integrate Netbeans 6.9 or 7 into my development environment Mac OS X 10.6.7 native PHP no stacks but no matter what I try I am not getting Netbeans to recognize my PHP interpreter usrbinphp or my PHPUnit script usrlocalbinphpunit.p  pAnybody got some less than obvious ideas, although I may have missed one of those.  I have exhausted search terms on the web trying to find someone who went through the same problems but nothing has come of it.  p  pstrongEDITstrong Well for the past day I have been using codephpunit versioncode to verify my phpunit version 3.5.13 and codepear listcode to verify my PEAR 1.9.2 install.  Well I just discovered the codepear listallcode which shows phpunit as 1.3.2.  Upon entering codepear upgrade phpunitPHPUnitcode the response I get is codeNothing to upgradecodep  pThis may explain the PHPUnit script problem since apparently there are 2 versions of PHPUnit installed and the one I am trying to point to must not be tied into PEAR.p  precodewhich php usrbinphp which pear usrlocalbinpear which phpunit usrlocalbinphpunit codepre  pAny ideas Thanksp
Negative 42922 pCurrently my team is using Jenkins to do automated builds that are triggered by SVN changes.p  pRecently, we decided we wanted to use Sonar. We dont want to have the sonarhudson integration occur for every single snapshot build. We just want it once a week or so. p  pOur team uses codeclean deploy Ucode instead of codeclean deploy sitedeploy Ucode so simply using the periodical build to trigger sonar wont be enough because it wont have the site information from the build such as the clover report.p  pMy question is, in one job, is it possible to associate a different goal to different build times Im probably not being terribly clear. Can I associate a codeclean deploy Ucode to the build triggered by the SVN change but associate a clean deploy sitedeploy U to a build triggered by the periodical buildp  pAre my only choices to p  pstrong1.strong Convince everyone to have the sitedeploy with every snapshot build thus taking more time p  pORp  pstrong2.strong Create a new job for the weekly buildp
Negative 42922 pSo I have an object or div that is a square 10x10 pixels. I want to be able to click somewhere in the browser window that causes the div to gradually move towards the point I clicked.p
Negative 42922 pIn my HTML page, I simply have an input box and an output box.p  pThe Ruby script I have simply extracts the value from the input box, calculates and needs to display the output in the output box.p  pHow do I get this done in my HTML codep
Negative 42922 pIve got a timestamp in the following format Which can easily be changed thanks to the beauties of PHP.p  blockquote   p20110212 144400p blockquote  pWhat is the quickestsimplest way to check if this timestamp was taken todayp
Negative 42922 pI am using InfoPath 2007 to send out a survey it is not connected to SharePoint or a DataBase.  The file I will get back is an xml file.  Every place there is an answer block, it has its own unique id aka field name.p  pNow, I have a SQL Server Database 2007 with a table Responses.  Its columns are AnswerIDunique PK, QuestionID FK which is the unique id field name, and Answer.  The QuestionID is already populated with the unique id field name.  There are more than 300 records for QuestionID.p  pWhat I need to be able to do is reach into the xml file, find the QuestionID field name, grab the data for that field name, and then put the data into the DB column Answer that matches the field name in the QuestionID column.p  pIs there an easymedium way to do this mappingupdating with the least amount of chance of errorp  pstrongNOTEstrong I tried to use the DB import xml data wizard, the information breaks out into an unmanageable number of tables. p  pThanks Frustrated Workerp
Negative 42922 pI am getting this error in Zend Framework Integrity constraint violation 1048 Column urlid cannot be null p  pMy code isp  precodestmt  thisgtselectgtwhereurladdress  , urladdressgtquery                r  stmtgtfetchAll                       printrr         ifcountr0              data  array                 urladdress      gt urladdress,                           thisgtinsertdata                     stmt  thisgtselectgtwhereurladdress  , urladdressgtquery                                                         r  stmtgtfetchAll                           echo rgturlid         return rgturlid codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to create for each entity in my edmxmodel a separate class file called 0Validator.cs do not care about its content by now.p  pThis seems to work, but I cant work it out to prevent my T4 template from deleting all my files first. How can I get rid of this behaviorp  pWhat I found out is that if I call fileManager.Processtrue, all the files under my validator.tt file will be recreated and I dont want this.p  pAny ideas please Thanksp  precodelt template languageC debugfalse hostspecifictruegt lt include fileEF.Utility.CS.ttincludegt ltoutput extension.csgt  lt CodeGenerationTools code  new CodeGenerationToolsthis MetadataLoader loader  new MetadataLoaderthis CodeRegion region  new CodeRegionthis, 1  string inputFile ServicesEntities.edmx EdmItemCollection ItemCollection  loader.CreateEdmItemCollectioninputFile string namespaceName  code.VsNamespaceSuggestion  EntityFrameworkTemplateFileManager fileManager  EntityFrameworkTemplateFileManager.Createthis   for test purposes only... fileManager.Processtrue   for each entity, create a xxxValidator.cs file  foreach EntityType entity in ItemCollection.GetItemsltEntityTypegt.OrderBye gt e.Name       string fileName  entity.Name  Validator.cs      string filePath  this.Host.TemplateFile.Substring0,this.Host.TemplateFile.LastIndexOf       filePath  filePath    fileName       ifFile.ExistsfilePath                  fileManager.StartNewFilefilePath  gt  the content of the validator class public partial class ltcode.Escapeentitygt      public bool ValidateModel           enter checkmethods here again     return true       lt                             fileManager.Processtrue  gt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to get the FullText Search working in SQL Server 2008 R2. I have been working with our admin and we believe we have a catalog with indexes successfully set up. Now, Im trying to query the indexed table using FullText functionsp  pThis works without a problemp  precodeselect  from mPages where containsbodytext,  a dog  codepre  pHowever, when I try to get rank values by using codecontainstablecode, I get an error.p  precodeselect mPages.bodytext, KEYTBL.RANK from mPages      INNER JOIN      CONTAINSTABLEmPages, bodyText,                     dog AS KEYTBL      ON mPages.pageID  KEYTBL.[KEY] ORDER BY KEYTBL.RANK DESC codepre  pErrorp  precodeMsg 245, Level 16, State 1, Line 2 Conversion failed when converting the nvarchar value About to data type int. codepre  pThe About value is in a column called codepagenamecode. I dont understand how to get this error to go away.p  pAny helpp
Negative 42922 pThis is the second time I ask this question because in my first try I was totally misunderstood.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5990378phpjquerylightboxajaxgetandpostissuephp, jQuery, Lightbox, Ajax GET and POST issueap  pWhat I am trying to achieve is simply to get the selected value from a dropdown list and send that by an ajax function to a php file that will run the necessary functions. So lets say I select AfricaAccra as timezone, onclick the ajax function is called and that will pass the data to the php file that will do the rest. No page refresh, nothing, just getting the data and send that with ajax. Is this possible please to better understand me see my first try link above. I am not an experienced PHP programmer. I do not know about anything of Ajax, so propably I have just done everything wrong..so forgive me. Thanksp
Negative 42922 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1279779whatisthedifferencebetweenrandnWhat is the difference between r and na  p blockquote    pI really would like to know whats the difference between codencode , codercode , codetcode , codechr13code , how they are used in a web application, in which OS, and so on.p  pFor example, can you confirm that windows uses codenrcode for the newline, while of linux uses just codencode right It would be interesting to know these things.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIm just writing a short piece of code for adding matrices. So far the method I have written isp  precodepublic static int[][] matrixAddint[][] A, int[][] B     int[][]C  new int[A.length][A[0].length]     forint i 0 i lt A.length i      forint j0 j lt A[i].lengthj         C[i][j]  A[i][j]  B[i][j]        return C  codepre  pThis code does add matrices correctly, however I get an index out of bounds exception if the matrices passed to this method are empty. The error apparantly relates to the line in which the size of C is delared. What is wrong with my logicp
Negative 42922 pI am in the beginning stages of diving into the world of RefineryCMS and am having an issue with the theming Engine.p  pI was able to customize the look of the home and blog pages, but for individual pages I create outside of the home and blog engine are not falling under the normal theme I created. I used the override method to copy all of the necessary files to my custom theme, but like I said, the page is using the default pagesshow.html.erb file vs the thememythemepagesshow.html.erb file..p  pAny ideas on why this would be happeningp
Negative 42922 pI am using Cassandra 0.7.2 and Thrift 0.7 with eclipse 3.4 and having trouble getting the source files linked in. I have built both Thrift and Cassandra using ant, after building Cassandra there is a sources directory under buildlib which contains source .jars. Unfortunately even after linking these into eclipse, I still can not see the source for anything. To add sources I am going to build pathsources tablink source here I select the source folder containing the source jars. I have also tried ctrlclicking on classes, which complain that no attached source could be found, and I try to specify the source path via the browse button provided. Still no luckp  pI am a bit new to eclipse, so it certainly could be user error on my part. Any pointers or tips p  pThanks so muchp
Negative 42922 pI have a JDO query which filters on two properties of a Person entity, lets call them age and height. I wish to order the results by the Persons score. However, due to the restrictions App Engine imposes I firstly have to order by age or height. So I currently havep  precodequery.setOrderingage desc, score asc codepre  pI am really not interested in the results being ordered by age, I just have to include that for the query to work as I have filtered on age, I really just need the results ordered by score.p  pIs there a way to get the results ordered by score and effectively ignore the age orderingp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pHi can I add a duplicate value in wpdbprepare.p  pI have the following SQLp  precodeSELECT  id,  MATCH content AGAINSTsearch FROM table WHERE MATCHpostsearch AGAINSTsearch IN BOOLEAN MODE codepre  pto thisp  precodewpdbgtprepareSELECT  id,  MATCH content AGAINSTs FROM table WHERE MATCHpostsearch AGAINSTs IN BOOLEAN MODE, searchterms codepre  pIs there a way of doing this without doing thisp  precodesearchterms1  searchterms searchterms2  searchterms   wpdbgtprepareSELECT  id,  MATCH content AGAINSTs FROM table WHERE MATCHpostsearch AGAINSTs IN BOOLEAN MODE, searchterms1, searchterms2 codepre
Negative 42922 pI have the following list of tuplesp  precode[a,6,b,1,c,2,d,4,e,1,f,1,g,5,h,3,i,1,j,2] codepre  pbut would like to codeordercode the tuples in the list by the codesndcode element of the tuple. That way, I get an answer similar top  precode[b,1,e,1,f,1,i,1,c,2,j,2,h,3,d,4,g,5,a,6] codepre  pi.e. the list is ordered by the second codesndcode of each tuple.p
Negative 42922 pIs there a way I can build a FormPanel emwithinem a RowExpander on a Grid Id like to create extjs forms within each row, but right now Im limited to specifying a template which must be HTML.p  pThat is, I have thisp  precodevar expander  new Ext.ux.grid.RowExpander     enableCaching false,     tpl  new Ext.Templaterowexpandertemplate.html  codepre  pHow do I modify this to use Ext JS Forms within the rowsp
Negative 42922 pI have dateformat issue where I need to convert the date from DB to different formats according to the loginp  pLike I have 3 different format p  pDDMMYY,MMDDYY,DDMMMYY I tried to convert using the following methods but no luck. p  precodeDateTime.TryParseExactdrtemp[StartDate].ToString,dateFormat,null,    System.Globalization.DateTimeStyles.None,out startDate orderDate DateTime.ParseExactdrtemp[StartDate].ToString, dateFormat, null codepre  pAny help is highly apprenticed Thanks, Magzp
Negative 42922 pI have the following menu layout in my Android appp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmenu xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt     ltitem androidididitem1            androidtitleCondensedOptions           androidtitleHighlight Options            androidiconandroiddrawableicmenupreferences gt     ltitem androidididitem2           androidtitleCondensedPersist          androidtitlePersist           androidiconandroiddrawableicmenupreferences           androidcheckabletrue gt ltmenugt codepre  pMy problem is that the second menu item doesnt appear to be checkable when I run my app in the Android emulator. There should be a green tick about the item, right To indicate that its checkable. p  pAm I doing something wrong p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to create a table with cells that contain UITextViews inside them for variable amounts of text.  I need to specify the height of each cell to match the content size of the textviews.  I am using...p  precode CGFloattableViewUITableView tableView heightForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       UITextView historyNode  [[[UITextView alloc]init]autorelease]     historyNode.text  ,[globalArrayWithStrings objectAtIndex[indexPath row]]     NSLog2.0f,historyNode.frame.size.height     return historyNode.contentSize.height  codepre  pFor some reason, it always prints 0.  If i print the height of a textview created in interface builder, it prints the correct value.  Any ideas how to get around this or why I cant get the size of a textview until it is added to the view.p
Negative 42922 pI have a Location object that I need to force the order of the properties when they get persisted to mongodb, but Im not having much luck figuring out how to do it.  The Location class looks something likep  precodeLocation     float lat    float lon    County county  codepre  pWhen it gets persisted into mongo, county is always before lat and lon.  This is a problem because Im trying to put a geoindex on it and the first two properties must be latlong.p  pI have triedp  precodeXmlRootElementnamelocation XmlTypepropOrderlatitude, longitude, county Location     float lat    float lon    County county  codepre  pThat works when the location object is serialized to xml to my client, but not to the DB.  It seems that spring data or some mongo mapper is always doing things in alphabetical order.  p  pDoes anyone know how to force the order properties get persisted into mongo Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to contribute to a project and Id like to use gitflow workflow on what I work. Say, I have checkoutd the codedevelopcode branch of the remote repository github and that Ive setup 2 feature branches T for Translation, U for Updatep  precodeooo D            TaTb T            UaUbUc U codepre  pNow, for each of the branches, a pull request is made to the codeupstreamcode repository maintainer and he accepts them all and merges them to the codeupstreamdevelopcode branch.p  pWhat is the correct procedure so that I end up withp  precodeooTaTbUaUbUc D                                 T                                 U codepre  pSomething tells me that codegit rebasecode is what I need. Please note I am on Windows.p
Negative 42922 pI have an android application targetted at business customers in different countries.p  pI need to customize the application slightly for these customers. At the moment I created a customization.xml file string resource under resvalues that will contain these custom fields.p  pCurrently I havent found a way to make these customer dependent also note that they need to be in xml files. p  pCan I branch only the customizations.xml and androidmanifest.xml files in git These files are pretty small, so i can easily maintain them in different branches. However the other changes to the project should be easily pushed to different branches. How would i go about doing thatp  pSay we have a default  master branch customer1  customer1 branch with a different androidmanifest.xml and customizations.xml customer2  ....p  pThanks for your insights. Id prefer git to solve this, but if you know another way, please elaborate.p
Negative 42922 pI have a HTML table where I am dynamically adding and hiding rows and I want the current set of visible rows to always show with alternative backcolor for easy reading.p  pI have the following code that works fine functionally, but is really slow especially on Internet Explorer browsersp  precodetable.alternateRow trvisible.removeClassodd.filterodd.addClassodd codepre  phere is my cssp  precode.alternateRow tr      backgroundcolor FFFFFF   .alternateRow tr.odd      backgroundcolor DEDEDE  codepre  pIs there any faster solution for this code above that applies to visible rows but doesnt freeze in Internet Explorer.  My table has about 150  200 rows visiblep  pAlso, for certain reasons I want to avoid paging if possible as a last resort as it makes the report much harder to readp
Negative 42922 pHow can I get a free vertical scrolling news modules for Joomla 1.5 p
Negative 42922 h2Problem backgroundh2  pAn event can have multiple subscribers i.e. multiple handlers may be called when an event is raised.  Since any one of the handlers could throw an error, and that would prevent the rest of them from being called, I want to ignore any errors thrown from each individual handler.  In other words, I do not want an error in one handler to disrupt the execution of other handlers in the invocation list, since neither those other handlers nor the event publisher has any control over what any particular event handlers code does.p  pThis can be accomplished easily with code like thisp  precodepublic event EventHandler MyEvent public void RaiseEventSafely object sender, EventArgs e       foreachEventHandlerType handler in MyEvent.GetInvocationList         try handler sender, e catch  codepre  pbrp  h2A generic, threadsafe, errorfree solutionh2  pOf course, I dont want to write all this generic code over and over every time I call an event, so I wanted to encapsulate it in a generic class.  Furthermore, Id actually need additional code to ensure threadsafety so that MyEvents invocation list does not change while the list of methods is being executed.p  pI decided to implement this as a generic class where the generic type is constrained by the where clause to be a Delegate.  I really wanted the constraint to be delegate or event, but those are not valid, so using Delegate as a base class constraint is the best I can do.  I then create a lock object and lock it in a public events add and remove methods, which alter a private delegate variable called eventhandlers.  p  precodepublic class SafeEventHandlerltEventTypegt where EventTypeDelegate      private object collectionlock  new object     private EventType eventhandlers      public SafeEventHandler      public event EventType Handlers              add lockcollectionlockeventhandlers  value         remove lockcollectionlockeventhandlers  value           public void RaiseEventSafely EventType eventdelegate, object[] args               lock collectionlock             foreach Delegate handler in eventdelegate.GetInvocationList                 try handler.DynamicInvoke args catch       codepre  pbrp  h2Compiler issue with  operator, but two easy workaroundsh2  pOne problem ran into is that the line eventhandlers  value results in the compiler error Operator  cannot be applied to types EventType and EventType.  Even though EventType is constrained to be a Delegate type, it will not allow the  operator on it. p  pAs a workaround, I just added the event keyword to eventhandlers, so the definition looks like this codeprivate event EventType eventhandlerscode, and that compiles fine.  But I also figured that since the event keyword can generate code to handle this, that I should be able to as well, so I eventually changed it to this to avoid the compilers inability to recognize that  SHOULD apply to a generic type constrained to be a Delegate.  The private variable eventhandlers is now typed as Delegate instead of the generic EventType, and the addremove methods follow this pattern codeeventhandlers  MulticastDelegate.Combine eventhandlers, value codep  pbrp  h2The final code looks like thish2  precodepublic class SafeEventHandlerltEventTypegt where EventTypeDelegate      private object collectionlock  new object     private Delegate eventhandlers      public SafeEventHandler      public event EventType Handlers              add lockcollectionlockeventhandlers  Delegate.Combine eventhandlers, value          remove lockcollectionlockeventhandlers  Delegate.Remove eventhandlers, value            public void RaiseEventSafely EventType eventdelegate, object[] args               lock collectionlock             foreach Delegate handler in eventdelegate.GetInvocationList                 try handler.DynamicInvoke args catch       codepre  pbrp  h2The Questionh2  pMy question is... does this appear to do the job well  Is there a better way or is this basically the way it must be done  I think Ive exhausted all the options.  Using a lock in the addremove methods of a public event backed by a private delegate and also using the same lock while executing the invocation list is the only way I can see to make the invocation list threadsafe, while also ensuring errors thrown by handlers dont interfere with the invocation of other handlers.p
Negative 42922 pi have a method that works just fine with rails 3 and PostgreSQL  i just wonder if its possible to make it databaseagnostic p  pre FarmGatePrice.average price, group  EXTRACTWEEK FROM date pre  pAs i understand it, methods to extract a week ISO number from a date are always databasespecific. p  pI could use something like a virtual attribute week as seen a hrefhttpariejan.net20070112railsgroupresultsbyweekusinggroupby relnofollowherea, but it seems the group options only accepts raw SQL. Ive also seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions893617railsmakingthisquerydatabaseagnosticthis solutiona but it doesnt fit my needs. Another way would be to use a database view, or even to add a week column filled by a callback method  but id prefer not to mess with my schema.p  pSo, any clue  p
Negative 42922 pSee the following queryp    pre classlangsql prettyprintoverridecodeselect   xmlquery               if xmlfoobar then         transform copy xml  xml modify do replace xmlfoobar with ltbargtsome stuffltbargt return xml       else         xml          passing xmlparsedocument ltfoogtltbargtsomething hereltbargtltfoogt as xml    from sysibm.sysdummy1 codepre  pThis query works just fine It replaces the foobar node and I am perfectly happy. In case that the foobar node does not exist I just want nothing to happen. So the following query should just return the unmodified XMLp    pre classlangsql prettyprintoverridecodeselect   xmlquery               if xmlfoobar then         transform copy xml  xml modify do replace xmlfoobar with ltbargtsome stuffltbargt return xml       else         xml          passing xmlparsedocument ltfoogtnothing hereltfoogt as xml    from sysibm.sysdummy1 codepre  pWell... so I thought. In fact DB2 happily tells mep  blockquote   pSQL16085N  The target node of an XQuery replace expression is not valid.p blockquote  pMaybe I am wrong about the syntax of the if I thought and the thenpart is executed in both the queries above. So I tried to swap the then and the else, because clearly DB2 should not attempt to execute the then AND the else part. But that did not change anything at all.p  pNow I am clearly confused. Is it not possible to do what I like to do with XPath, because all path expressions must be satisfied whether they are executed or not Or am I just doing something wrongp
Negative 42922 pI am using this code make the user able to open the application only by clicking on the widget. The problem is that, when I install the app, nothing happens when I click on the widget. But when I install it again, it is working fine. Any ideasp  precodepublic class HelloWidget extends AppWidgetProvider       public static String ACTIONWIDGETCONFIGURE  ConfigureWidget     public static String ACTIONWIDGETRECEIVER  ActionReceiverWidget     private static final int REQUESTCODEONE  10      Override     public void onUpdateContext context, AppWidgetManager appWidgetManager, int[] appWidgetIds          Intent intent  new Intentcontext, UpdateService.class         context.startServiceintent          RemoteViews remoteViews  new RemoteViewscontext.getPackageName, R.layout.main          Intent configIntent  new Intentcontext, MainActivity.class          configIntent.setActionACTIONWIDGETCONFIGURE          PendingIntent configPendingIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitycontext, REQUESTCODEONE, configIntent, 0          remoteViews.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.ImageView01, configPendingIntent          appWidgetManager.updateAppWidgetappWidgetIds, remoteViews           Override     public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent           final String action  intent.getAction         if AppWidgetManager.ACTIONAPPWIDGETDELETED.equalsaction                       final int appWidgetId  intent.getExtras.getInt                     AppWidgetManager.EXTRAAPPWIDGETID,AppWidgetManager.INVALIDAPPWIDGETID             if appWidgetId  AppWidgetManager.INVALIDAPPWIDGETID                               this.onDeletedcontext, new int[]  appWidgetId                                 else                       if intent.getAction.equalsACTIONWIDGETRECEIVER                               String msg  null                 try                      msg  intent.getStringExtramsg                      catch NullPointerException e                      Log.eError, msg  null                                          Toast.makeTextcontext, Out   msg, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                          super.onReceivecontext, intent                    codepre
Negative 42922 pI m using MVC Contrib grid in the application , i want to change the grid into master grid with grouping , sorting , paging , filtering , edit and add new record functions. p  pCan anyone tell me whats the best way to achieve, like should a use any other grid like jquery etc. p  pi want to change the simple grid into master grid.p  pwhich grid is good to use with MVCp  ul li JqGridli li MVc contrib with datatable.jsli li Slick Gridli li Telerik Gridli ul  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pUPDATE THIS IS THE WORKING VERSION.p  precodepublic DataSet GetObjects      DataSet ds  new DataSet     DataTable dt  new DataTable     var source  from p in CommentsList                  select new  p.Img, p.Name, p.Comment      dt.Columns.AddImg     dt.Columns.AddName     dt.Columns.AddComment      foreach var item in source              DataRow userDetailsRowdt.NewRow         userDetailsRow[Img]  item.Img         userDetailsRow[Name]  item.Name          DataRow comments  dt.NewRow         userDetailsRow[Comment]  item.Comment         dt.Rows.AdduserDetailsRow         dt.Rows.Addcomments          ds.Tables.Adddt     return ds  codepre  pMy GridView columns section looks like thisp  precode ltColumnsgt   ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextgt                     ltHeaderStyle Width500px gt                      ltItemStyle Width500px Height100px gt                     ltItemTemplategt                         ltaspLabel IDlblMessage runatserver  Textlt BindComment gtgtltaspLabelgt                     ltItemTemplategt    ltaspTemplateFieldgt         ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextgt                     ltHeaderStyle Width100px gt                       ltItemStyle Width100px Height100px gt                     ltItemTemplategt                         ltaspImage IDimgName runatserver  imageUrllt BindImg gtgtltaspImagegtltbr gt                         ltaspHyperlink IDhyperLink runatserver  Textlt BindName gt gtltaspHyperlinkgt                     ltItemTemplategt    ltaspTemplateFieldgt codepre  p UPDATE The problem that I have got now is with the size of rows..that are huge and dont update  with the content within,,,example Header 33, Row 33, footer 33..even though the content of the header is 10 of the gridview..how do i fix thatp
Negative 42922 pI need to be able of sync my webserver databases , matching them with my localhost database, strongbutstrong just the structure, not the records.p  pPer example if I add one new table to my localhost db, I run the script and it applyes to the server db populating it with default values.p  pHow can I do thatp  preplication in not what I need, since it is automatic and I dont want that. I think the phpmyadmin synchronization would be good, but it also sync records.p
Negative 42922 pIm fairly new to ObjectiveC and iPhone programming so I apologize if this is a newbie question. I have a simple application that needs to go from one view, to another. The first view is a UIViewController. I set up the xib file in IB i.e. dragged some buttons onto the window and hooked up all the buttons which all work. I then created another xib file and class also a UIViewController and hooked them up. When a button is pressed in the first view I want to load the second view. Heres the code that is supposed to be pushing the viewp  precodeIBActioncreateAccountidsender     CreateAccountViewControlleracctView  [[CreateAccountViewController alloc] initWithNibNameCreateAccount bundlenil]     [self.navigationController pushViewControlleracctView animatedYES]     [acctView release]  codepre  pBut this does nothing. When I put print statements in the createAccount method those are printed I can click the button any number of times and it never crashes but the acctView is never pushed. When I print out the value of self.navigationController it returns null. Its even stranger because if I present the acctView modally then it works.p  precodeIBActioncreateAccountidsender     CreateAccountViewControlleracctView  [[CreateAccountViewController alloc] initWithNibNameCreateAccount bundlenil]     [self presentModalViewControlleracctView animatedYES]     [acctView release] codepre  pp  pThis works just fine, but I dont want to use the view modally. Im completely lost here. In the past  couple of hours Ive come across a lot of posts saying to do something with a UINavigationController and hook that up to my view, but how do I do that Any help is greatly appreciated Thanks.p
Negative 42922 pSuppose I have the stringp  precodevar string  function codepre  pWithp  precodewindow[string] codepre  pI can call a function with the name of function.p  pBut, when I havep  precodevar string2  function.method.weHaveTogoDeeper codepre  pit should callp  precodewindow[function][method][weHaveTogoDeeper] codepre  pI cant dop  precodewindow[string2] codepre  pin this case. I dont know the number of . in the string, so I need some kind of routine.p
Negative 42922 pWhen i use tab control in android application and it have two tabs.In the first tab i am using one list view.but when i run the program list view is showing in both the tabs.I could not clear the problem.anybody can help me please. this is my xml codep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltTabHost xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androididandroididtabhost androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparentgt   ltLinearLayout androidorientationvertical   androidlayoutwidthfillparent   androidlayoutheightfillparent androidpadding5dpgt     ltTabWidget androididandroididtabs     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt     ltFrameLayout androididandroididtabcontent     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightfillparent androidpadding5dpgt       ltTabHost androididandroididtabhost       androidlayoutwidthmatchparent       androidlayoutheightmatchparentgt         ltLinearLayout androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidididlinearLayout1         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidorientationverticalgt           ltTabWidget androidlayoutwidthmatchparent           androidlayoutheightwrapcontent           androididandroididtabsgtltTabWidgetgt           ltFrameLayout androidlayoutwidthmatchparent           androidlayoutheightmatchparent           androididandroididtabcontentgt             ltLinearLayout androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidididtab1             androidbackgrounddrawablebackgt               ltTextView androidlayoutwidthfillparent               androidlayoutheightwrapcontent androidtext               androidididfeedtitle gt               ltTextView androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent               androidlayoutheightwrapcontent androidtext               androidididfeedpubdate gt               ltListView androidlayoutwidthmatchparent               androidlayoutheightmatchparent               androidididitemlist androidlayoutweight1               androidtextSize8px               androidanimateLayoutChangestrue gt             ltLinearLayoutgt             ltLinearLayout androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidididtab2gtltLinearLayoutgt           ltFrameLayoutgt         ltLinearLayoutgt       ltTabHostgt     ltFrameLayoutgt   ltLinearLayoutgt ltTabHostgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am getting a 404 when ever I try open a .svc file in iis 7.5, my system.serviceModel from web config is belowp  precodeltsystem.serviceModelgt      ltbindingsgt       ltwsHttpBindinggt         ltbinding nameMyBindinggt           ltsecurity modeTransportgt             lttransport clientCredentialTypeWindows gt           ltsecuritygt         ltbindinggt       ltwsHttpBindinggt     ltbindingsgt      ltbehaviorsgt       ltserviceBehaviorsgt         ltbehavior nameServiceBehaviorgt           lt To avoid disclosing metadata information, set the value below to false and remove the metadata endpoint above before deployment gt           ltserviceMetadata httpsGetEnabledtrue gt           lt To receive exception details in faults for debugging purposes, set the value below to true. Set to false before deployment to avoid disclosing exception information gt           ltserviceDebug includeExceptionDetailInFaultstrue gt         ltbehaviorgt       ltserviceBehaviorsgt     ltbehaviorsgt      ltservicesgt       ltservice behaviorConfigurationServiceBehavior nameGsfa.Gsfbs.Integration.Services.MemberIntegrationServicegt         ltendpoint addresshttpsgsfdevmatthewcMemberIntegrationService.svc bindingwsHttpBinding bindingConfigurationMyBinding contractGsfa.Gsfbs.Integration.Contracts.IMemberIntegrationService gt       ltservicegt     ltservicesgt     ltsystem.serviceModelgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am building androidfroyo with application based on skia and putting that source inside packagesapps while building its having error p  pbierror dynamiccast not permitted with fnorttiibp  pKindly guide me how to solve this.p
Negative 42922 pNow Im using zf v.1.10. For deployment, I have to upload my project to a strongsubdirectorystrong on a strongshared hostingstrong. If the domain is www.mycompany.co.id, so my projects address will be emwww.mycompany.co.idmyprojectem. In the myproject directory, i put htaccess file like this p  precodeRewriteEngine on  RewriteRule . myprojectpublic1  RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteRule .  [NC,L] RewriteRule public. myprojectpublicindex.php [NC,L] codepre  pand in the public directory, i put htaccess file like thisp  precodeRewriteEngine On RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME s [OR] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME l [OR] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule .  [NC,L] RewriteRule . index.php [NC,L] codepre  pand here is my application.ini p  precode[production] phpSettings.displaystartuperrors  1 phpSettings.displayerrors  1 includePaths.library  APPLICATIONPATH ..library bootstrap.path  APPLICATIONPATH Bootstrap.php bootstrap.class  Bootstrap appnamespace  Application resources.frontController.controllerDirectory  APPLICATIONPATH controllers resources.frontController.params.displayExceptions  1 resources.frontController.baseUrl  myproject resources.layout.layoutPath  APPLICATIONPATH layoutsscripts resources.view.doctype  XHTML1TRANSITIONAL autoloadernamespaces.cal  Cal autoloadernamespaces.box  Box autoloadernamespaces.report  Report resources.db.adapter  PDOMYSQL resources.db.params.host  localhost resources.db.params.username  uname resources.db.params.password  p4ssw0rd resources.db.params.dbname  myprojct codepre  pi have implemented zendauth and zendacl in my project, so the first page will display login form.br  The problem is when i executed the form login, theres no respon. br  The login form will be directed to action is set to authentication controller and loginauth action. br  I have tried to echo something in loginauth action, but it still displayed login form. br  Whereas On my local computer windows everything is running well.br  Please give me advice.. thanksp
Negative 42922 phow do I use gdb to tell the number of elements in an NSMutableArrayp  pI need to use gdb. I realize that I can say NSMutableArray countp
Negative 42922 pI have a class Called Photo what i would really like to do is to create in my XAML a resource for examplep  precodeltWindow.Resourcesgt    ltlocalPhoto xKeyphotoKey xNamemyPhoto gt ltWindow.Resourcesgt codepre  pand then access it from code.p  pNot with FindResource functionp  pI want a class member to be created just like when i createp  precodeltButton xNamemyButton gt codepre  pThanks for helpersp
Negative 42922 pI would like to be able to generate a map, of sorts, which places small JLabels at coordinate locations on a panel. The problem is that I need them to be randomly generated, so I dont know in advance how many I will have. Is there a way to do thatp  pI hope this isnt breaking any Java coding taboos  Im selftaught.p  pEdit I know I was vague  my program is huge and cumbersome and I have developed my own conventions which Im sure would raise the hackles of real java coders P I should have specified that I have a class Location, and I can easily generate random locations. The trouble I have is in creating a new jLabel for each of those locations. Heres what I havep  precodeMethod called after a new Location has been created, to add it to the map public void addLocationLocation newLocation      int xx  newLocation.getXloc      int yy  newLocation.getYloc      for int i0ilt1i              JLabel tempLabel  new JLabel tempLabel instantiated elsewhere is that a problem         tempLabel.setBackgroundColor.BLACK         tempLabel.setBoundsxx,yy,3,3         Map.addtempLabel Map is a JPanel with null layout manager          tempLabel.setVisibletrue       codepre  pThe problem is that it doesnt seem to do anything. No black dots appear on the map. Maybe now its as simple as incorrect implementation of adding a label to a panelp
Negative 42922 pI am a newb coder in a startup and I am implementing search of documents in a directory in a web host.p  pI am comparing LuceneSolr, Whoosh, Sphinx and Xapian. Whoosh is natively python. But I want your opinions on it too. Which of these have p  ul limature and easy to use and install interfaces with python Whoosh is a nobrainerli lino chance for crashes, bottlenecks and other failuresli libest documented interface Im not reading PHP docs because python docs were sparseli lieasiest to get up and running only one has a quickstart tutorialli ul
Negative 42922 pI want to extract sizes , from textual data the missile was fifty five inches long. , or he weighted nine and a half pounds. and convert them to data in a format usable by a program. p  pWhats a good way to go about this   Are there any helpful libraries p  pAnd how complex is this task  p
Negative 42922 pCan an onsubmit event insert an image into the page before the page submitstransfers control to the next pagep  pI am using classic asp.p
Negative 42922 pI was looking at the following discussion of a question to try and understand how to read locations from a plist and drop pins an Map view accordinglyp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5600419mapkitbasedappcrashingwhenloadingfromplistMapKit based app crashing when loading from plistap  pI am having problems understanding how to make this work. If I hard code in the annotations then I can make it work fine so I dont understand where Im going wrong. I think it is probably how I am accessing the data in the .plst. My plist has the structurep  precodeltarraygt ltdictgt     ltkeygtrowDataltkeygt     ltarraygt         ltdictgt             ltkeygtdetailsltkeygt             ltstringgtSome minor infoltstringgt             ltkeygtlatitudeltkeygt             ltstronggt53.958756ltstringgt             ltkeygtLocationltkeygt             ltstringgtLocation Oneltstringgt             ltkeygtlontitudeltkeygt             ltstringgt1.07937ltstringgt         ltdictgt        ltarraygt    ltdictgt  ltarraygt codepre  pI try to access this data using the code from the answer to the question above like this But with not joyp  precodeidinitWithDictionaryNSDictionary dict self  [super init] ifselfnil     coordinate.latitude  [[dict objectForKeylatitude] doubleValue]     coordinate.longitude  [[dict objectForKeylongitude] doubleValue]     self.title  [dict objectForKeyLocation]     self.subtitle  [dict objectForKeydetails]  return self codepre  pMy viewDidLoad also looks a bit different to the other question I referenced above. It looks like thisp  precode voidgotoLocation       set location as York, UK     MKCoordinateRegion newRegion     newRegion.center.latitude  53.960025     newRegion.center.longitude  1.082697     newRegion.span.latitudeDelta  0.0012872     newRegion.span.longitudeDelta  0.0159863      [self.map setRegionnewRegion animatedYES]       voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      Do any additional setup after loading the view from its nib.       Set up map     self.map.mapType  MKMapTypeStandard    also MKMapTypeSatellite or MKMapTypeHybrid      [self gotoLocation]       Get the the plist in application bundle     NSString path  [[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourcePlaces ofTypeplist]       Retrieve the plists root element array     NSArray array  [[NSArray alloc] initWithContentsOfFilepath]     NSLogGrabbed locations.plist ok      if array           NSMutableDictionary myDict  [NSMutableDictionary dictionaryWithCapacity[array count]]         for NSDictionary dict in array              MapAnnotations annotation  [[MapAnnotations alloc]initWithDictionarydict]             [self.map addAnnotationannotation]             [annotation release]                  NSLogThe count i, [myDict count]           else          NSLogPlist does not exist        codepre  pIf anyone can explain to me where I am going wrong and how to do what I need to do, Id appreciate it. p  pThanks for reading. p
Negative 42922 pI am using two libraries one that stores UTF8 strings in codestdwstringcode and another stores strings  UTF8 in codestdstringcode.br What is the best  efficient method I can use to pass strings between the two libraries.br I am currently on Windows using Visual C v9 Express but would prefer a portable solution.p
Negative 42922 pIs there a way I can convert 3D models in maya3ds maxblenderAutocad into bunch of 2D images p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a System.Web.UI.WebControls.Menu that is dismissed when you click on the top level.p  pSee screencast a hrefhttpwww.screencast.comtpuCmErPVp relnofollowhttpwww.screencast.comtpuCmErPVpap  pI DO NOT want it to be dismissed when it is clicked. I want the menu to stay down.p  pThe menu items are filled by a sitemap.p  pIs there anything on the Menu object that I can use to get this behavior Perhaps there is some javascript or CSS I can use to prevent it from disappearingp
Negative 42922 pI got a very simple LINQ queryp  precodeListlttablegt list   from t in ctx.table                      where                      t.test  someString                      ampamp t.date gt dateStartInt                      ampamp t.date lt dateEndInt                      select t .ToListlttablegt codepre  pThe table which gets queried has got about 30 million rows, but the columns codetestcode and codedatecode are indexed. When it should return around 5000 rows it takes several minutes to complete.p  pI also checked the SQL command which LINQ generates. If I run that command on the SQL Server it takes 2 seconds to complete.p  pWhats the problem with LINQ here Its just a very simple query without any joins.p  pThats the query SQL Profiler showsp  precodeexec spexecutesql NSELECT [t0].[test] FROM [dbo].[table] AS [t0] WHERE [t0].[test] IN p0 AND [t0].[date] gt p1  AND [t0].[date] lt p2, Np0 nvarchar12,p1 int,p2 int,p0N123test,p1110801,p2110804 codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pIts really weird. While testing I noticed that its much faster now. The LINQ query now takes 3 seconds for around 20000 rows, which is quite ok.p  pWhats even more confusing Its the same behaviour on our production server. An hour ago it was really slow, now its fast again. As I was testing on the development server, I didnt change anything on the production server. The only thing I can think of being a problem is that both servers are virtualized and share the SAN with lots of other servers.p  pHow can I find out if thats the problemp
Negative 42922 pi am trying to code an application with android and bluetooth. As a summary, and as something i think is well documented on internet, bluetooth 2.1 i couldnt find information for 3.0 and 4.0 only supports 7 active devices in the same piconet, and up to 255 in parked mode not connected and discovered through Inquiry scan, buy sync listening for broadcast packets. I couldnt find information for 3.0 and 4.0 specifications if they continue with this limitation of 7 active members.p  pThere are tons of questions which answers are not easy to find about bluetooth. I hope somebody can help me with the next issue.p  pHow can you communicate with a device in parked mode in Android through RFCOMM If only 7 devices can be active with open socket connection paged amp connected, how can you make all devices being able to communicate between each other through the master devicep  pTo make things a little bit clear, we can imagine that i am trying to create a communication app between all devices in a piconet, where all users near the master can enter the chat. But to make all of them chat, you need all devices connected and parked connected through RFCOMM, so they can exchange information using sockets. p  pBut if only 7 can communicate and can open an active socket, how could be the strategy How can i make all of them communicate between each other, so all devices can receive the same information to talk through the chatp  pthank you very much in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to make a small programm to download files via HTTP in C. The Basic download with a WebClient works fine, but now i wanted to try downloading a file with multiple connections. So farp  precodeHttpWebRequest HttpRequest  HttpWebRequestWebRequest.Createurl HttpWebResponse HttpResponse  HttpWebResponseHttpRequest.GetResponse Stream ResponseStream  HttpResponse.GetResponseStream  FileStream FSChunk  new FileStreamdestination, FileMode.OpenOrCreate, FileAccess.Write  while BytesThisRead  ResponseStream.ReadBuffer, 0, intBytesPerRead  0      FSChunk.WriteBuffer, 0, BytesThisRead     TotallyRead  BytesThisRead     if TotalReadLength  TotallyRead lt buffersize         BytesPerRead  TotalReadLength  TotallyRead  codepre  pI can download the File using this one ResponseStream, also split up in 2 parts using the one ResponseStream. My problem is, the WebStreams are not seekable, so I cant just set a position to read from. How can I manage to download one File over HTTP simultaneously using different Streams connections, I think one stream cant be used by multiple members. Ive read a lot of articles here and googled for some hours, but I cant find a solution. Does Chunked transfer encoding have anything to do with this topicp  pBest Regards, Damonp
Negative 42922 pI want user to enter just one character. I thought to make buttons for every letter, but this is useless. Could you recommend something to overcome this problem Thanks in advance..p
Negative 42922 pDocumentation on NHibernate cascade settings, discusses the settings in the context of calling the Save Update and Delete methods.  But I can find no discussion of cascade behavior in the context of the implicit update that occurs when one loads, modifies and saves entities on the same session.  In this case an explicit call to update is not needed, so what happens regarding cascade settings  p  pThis may seem a dumb question, but the reason I bring this up is that I am trying to figure out how NHibernate supports the concept of Aggregate Boundaries in the context of Domain Driven Design.  Let me give an example that will illustrate what I am trying to get at.p  pSuppose I have the canonical invoice application with the entities Invoice, Buyer and LineItem.   Invoice is an aggregate root and LineItem is in the same aggregate but Buyer is its own aggregate root.  p  pI want to model this in NHibernate by configuring my mapping such that the cascade from Invoice to LineItem is codeAllDeleteOrphanscode and the one from Invoice to Buyer is codeNonecode.p  pBased on the documentation I have read, using my desired cascade settings, if I am working with disconnected entities and I do the following, only the Invoice and LineItems will savep  precodedisconnectedInvoice.ShippedDate  DateTime.Today disconnectedInvoice.LineItems[2].Backordered  true disconnectedInvoice.Buyer.Address  buyersNewAddress  session.UpdatedisconnectedInvoice session.Flush codepre  pWhat I dont see discussed anywhere is what happens when one retrieves the invoice, makes the same updates and flushes the session in a connected manner like so.  p  precodevar invoice  session.GetltInvoicegtinvoiceNumber invoice.ShippedDate  DateTime.Today invoice.LineItems[2].Backordered  true invoice.Buyer.Address  buyersNewAddress session.Flush codepre  pThe NHibernate documentation says that flush persists the changes for dirty entities associated with the session.  Based on this one would presume that the updates to the Invoice, the Buyer and the LineItems will all be persisted.p  pHowever, this would seem to violate the concept behind the cascade rule.  It would seem to me that for the purposes of deciding what entities to update upon flush, the session should  look at those entities that were directly loaded only the invoice in this case and include  indirectly loaded entities the LineItems and the Buyer in this case only if the cascade setting indicates they should be persisted.p  pI admit that this example represents bad DDD. If the Buyer isnt part of the aggregate then it should not be being updated at this time.  Or at least it should not be being updated through the Invoice aggregate.  However, DDD aside, the point I am actually more interested in is determining if cascade rules are honored for updates in the samesession scenario the same as they are in the disconnected scenario.p
Negative 42922 pCan  style comments be continued to the next line by using a back slash, like multiline macros E.g.p  precode here is a comment     and this is more comments  const char x  hello   this line of code is actually still a comment int x  5  and now an actual line of code codepre
Negative 42922 pIs there any way to get access to the current running requests FormCollection, ViewData, ModelState, etc. when running in an ASP.NET MVC application other than if you are directly working in the View Id like to be able to call some custom handlers from within the view, but access these collections without having to pass them. Im thinking something similar to HttpContext.Current in webformsp
Negative 42922 pI have recently written a lot of selenium 1 tests for a fairly complex project. They are all written in php and run smoothly on the seleniumserver 1.0.7.p  pObviously with firefox 5 and 6 released today selenium server 1.0.7 is not working anymore. Ive tried, but the server is just opening blank windows.p  pNow I am trying to get those tests running on selenium grid. I managed to get a hub and a couple of remotecontrols runnnig using grid v1, but they only open blank windows just like the old server did. So I figured i needed to upgrade to grid v2.p  pFor some reason i can get the clients connected to the hub, but if I try running my tests against the hub it doesnt seem to be able to connect at all PHPUnitFrameworkException Could not connect to the Selenium RC server. I tried running them against selenium standalone server 2.4.0 and that does seem to work.p  pI read in a forum, that selenium grid 2 just doesnt work with phpunit yet.p  pHow can i get my tests running on a grid What is missing for phpunit to connect to the server I appreciate any helpp  pI set up the hub as followsp  precodejava jar seleniumserverstandalone2.4.0.jar role hub codepre  pAnd two slavesp  precodejava jar seleniumserverstandalone2.4.0.jar role rc hub http127.0.0.14444gridregister port 5555 java jar seleniumserverstandalone2.4.0.jar role webdriver hub http127.0.0.14444gridregister port 5556 codepre  pEverything seems to be working till here as i see two nodes in the grid console httplocalhost4444gridconsole.p  pSo here is all the initialization I am doing in codep  precodeltphp  requireonce PHPUnitExtensionsSeleniumTestCase.php  class GridTest extends PHPUnitExtensionsSeleniumTestCase      public captureScreenshotOnFailure  false      public static browsers  array         FFLinux gt array             name      gt Firefox on Linux,             browser   gt firefox,             host      gt 127.0.0.1,             port      gt 4444,             timeout   gt 30000               public function setUp              thisgtsetBrowserUrlhttpwww.google.com           public function testGridWorking               thisgtopen         thisgtassertTruefalse       codepre  pThis code still works on the standalone server 2.4.0. It fails at the last line as expected.p  pThe Exception seems to be thrown in PHPUnitExtentionsSeleniumTestCaseDriver.php. There seems to be the problem.p  precodeprotected function doCommandcommand, array arguments  array      url  sprintf       httpssseleniumserverdrivercmds,       thisgthost,       thisgtport,       urlencodecommand           [...]      handle  fopenurl, r, FALSE, context     if handle          throw new PHPUnitFrameworkException             Could not connect to the Selenium RC server.                   [...]  codepre  pWhen i request a hrefhttplocalhost4444seleniumdriverdriver relnofollowhttplocalhost4444seleniumdriverdrivera in the browser, i getp  precode    HTTP ERROR 500     org.openqa.grid.internal.GridException Session not available  []     RequestURIseleniumserverdriver codepre  pAny idea how to fix this Do I need to change that url maybe p
Negative 42922 pCurrently Im programming an application to record data. The data will be stored clustered to a file. p  pThis data can be analyzed by the user or the program displaying the data. By analyzing large amount of data the program ends suddenly, i.e. there is no exception, any other error message or any process at the task manager just no more program.p  pBy analyzing the program with perfmon I found lots of io 460 eventss and 15MBs at this moment as expected. Is there any limit reading data from different places of a file Im seeking positions and read complete clusters.p
Negative 42922 pI am in the directory codehomedestinationcode I need to go back to the codehomecode directory. Any ideas on how to implement this using a Cprogramp
Negative 42922 pI have an Active Record Model for Users in my application, and I was hoping to reuse this model for the user registration form. The user registration form has a few fields which I dont want to store in the database, such as the password and password confirmation Im storing a salt and a hash instead. Is there a way to do this with my existing User Active Record Model, or should I create a separate Form Model for the User registration formp
Negative 42922 pI have a regular expression that was the output of a computer program.  It has things likep  precode29 codepre  pwhich a human would undoubtedly write asp  precode[29] codepre  pSo Id like a program that can make simple transformations that make the regular expression more readable.  So far Ive been using a quick scriptp  precoder  s[09]1g r  s[09][09][12]g r  s[09][[09]]1g r  s[[09]]1g r  s[]1g codepre  pthat bring down the length, but the result still contains pieces likep  precodebabbaccabcac codepre  pthat should be simplified top  precode[bc]a[bc] codepre  pI searched CPAN and found RegexpList, RegexpAssemble, and RegexpOptimizer.  The first two dont apply and the third has issues.  First, it wont pass its tests so I cant use it unless I codeforce install RegexpOptimizercode in cpan.  Second, even once I do that it chokes on the expression.p  hr  pNote I tagged this [regularlanguage] in addition to [regex] because the regexp uses only concatenation, alternation, and the Kleene star, so it is in fact regular.p
Negative 42922 pConsider the following Set benchmarkp  precodeimport scala.collection.immutable.  object SetTest extends App    def time[a]f gt a a,Double       val start  System.nanoTime     val result a  f     val end  System.nanoTime     result, 1e9endstart       for n lt List1000000,10000000      printlnn  d.formatn     val s2,t2  timeSet  1 to n.sum     printlnsum d, time g.formats2,t2     codepre  pCompiling and running producesp  precodetilescalafab scala SetTest n  1000000 sum 1784293664, time 0.982045 n  10000000 Exception in thread Poller SunPKCS11Darwin java.lang.OutOfMemoryError Java heap space ... codepre  pI.e., Scala is unable to represent a set of 10 million Ints on a machine with 8 GB of memory.  Is this expected behavior  Is there some way to reduce the memory footprintp
Negative 42922 pI am designing an basic ecommerce application, where I have a form to add product.p  pThere are 2 text fields product name, and description.p  pproduct name is codeinput typetextcode, description is codetextareacodep  pAs user can input anything worst case scenario, I want to remove all tags no matter its PHP, HTML, JS, CSS, anything, so that I get just plain text wo any tagsp  pHow can I achieve this Basically, I need to sanitize string, so any to make it plain text p
Negative 42922 pIm new to Powershell and Im trying to work out how to print the value of a [ref] variable from within a function.p  pHere is my test codep  precodefunction testref[ref]obj1    obj1.value  obj1.value  5   writehost the new value is obj1   obj1  getmember    foo  0 foo starts with foo testref[ref]foo foo ends with foo codepre  pThe output I get from this test is as follows. Youll notice that I dont get the value of obj1 as I was hoping. I also tried passing in obj1.value in the call to writehost but that generated the same response.p  precodePS gt .testref.ps1 foo starts with 0 the new value is System.Management.Automation.PSReference      TypeName System.Management.Automation.PSReference  Name        MemberType Definition           Equals      Method     bool EqualsSystem.Object obj GetHashCode Method     int GetHashCode GetType     Method     type GetType ToString    Method     string ToString Value       Property   System.Object Value getset foo ends with 5 codepre
Negative 42922 pI am examining some java static analysis tools.p  pfindbugs, checkstyle, javancss, pmd and jdepend. A previous stackoverflow question regarding tool recommendations a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions97599staticanalysistoolrecommendationforjavaStatic Analysis tool recommendation for Javaap  pMy problem, the only tool I am having an issue with running is jdepend. The homepage is a hrefhttpclarkware.comsoftwareJDepend.html relnofollowhttpclarkware.comsoftwareJDepend.htmla.p  pI have followed the installation instructions and I have tried the example target. But it did not work for me. Listing missing jars. p  pRegardless of it working or not.  I would prefer to have a taskdef, defining classpath, and classname. I cant find an example of this. Does anyone have a working example of thisp
Negative 42922 pIve read some post comparing Guava and Apache Commons, and most of the posters prefer using Guava.p  pI also prefer using Guava, though I frequently find myself the need to combine Guava and Apache Commons abilities.p  pFor example, I want to perform an operation on all elements of a collection.br The only way I can do it using Guava is by calling the codetransformcode method.br But it uses codeFunctioncode which gets a value and returns another one, while I dont need to return another one.br I only need, for example, to put some new entry to a codeMapcode, without changing the collection. With Apache Commons I would use codeCollectionUtils.forAllDocode.p  pHow can I get the same effect as codeCollectionUtils.forAlDocode without having to return some valuep
Negative 42922 pIve just started seeing a problem with Facebook Connect authentication.  If I have version 3.4.4 of the iOS app installed, my delegates fbDidNotLogin method gets called with an error message of The user denied your request.  When I uninstall the FB app, the authentication works fine.  Is anyone else seeing this  Does anyone know how I can route around this bugp  pHeres my call to the Facebook objectp  precode[[app facebook] authorize[NSArray arrayWithObjects                            publishstream, offlineaccess, nil]                            delegateapp] codepre
Negative 42922 pHeres a specific query Im having trouble with. Im using Liftmongo records so that i can use Rogue. Im happy to use Rogue specific syntax , or whatever works.p  pWhile there are good examples for using javascript strings via java noted below, Id like to know what the best practices might be.p  pImagine here that there is a table likep  precodecomments   id  topic  title  text  created  codepre  pThe desired output is a list of topics and their count, for examplep  ul licats 24li lidogs 12li limice 5li ul  pSo a user can see an list, ordered by count, of a distinctgroup byp  pHeres some psuedo SQLp  precodeSELECT [DISTINCT] topic, counttopic as topiccount FROM comments GROUP BY topic ORDER BY topiccount DESC LIMIT 10 OFFSET 10 codepre  pOne approach is using some DBObject DSL likep  precodeval cursor   coll.group MongoDBObject key gt MongoDBObject topic gt true  ,  initial gt MongoDBObject count gt  0  , reduce gt function obj , prev  prev.count  obj.c   out gt topiclistresult    [...].sort MongoDBObject created gt 1 .skip offset .limit limit  codepre  pVariations of the above do not compile.p  pI could just ask what am I doing wrong but I thought I could make my confusion more acutep  ul lican I chain the results directly or do I need outli liwhat kind of output can I expect  I mean, do I iterate over a cursor, or the out paramli liis cond requiredli lishould I be using count or distinctli lisome examples contain a map param...li ul  pA recent post I found which covers the java driver implies I should use strings instead of a DSL  a hrefhttpblog.evilmonkeylabs.com20110228MongoDB18MRJava relnofollowhttpblog.evilmonkeylabs.com20110228MongoDB18MRJavaap  pWould this be the preferred method in either casbah or Roguep  pstrongUpdate 923strongp  pThis fails in ScalaCasbah  compiles but produces error MapReduceError None p  precodeval map  function  emit this.topic ,  count 1   val reduce  functionkey, values   var count  0 values.forEachfunctionv  count  v[count]  return count count  val out   coll.mapReduce  map ,  reduce  , MapReduceInlineOutput   ConfiggyObject.log.debug out.toString  codepre  pI settled on the above after seeing a hrefhttpsgithub.commongodbcasbahblobmastercasbahcoresrctestscalaMapReduceSpec.scala relnofollowhttpsgithub.commongodbcasbahblobmastercasbahcoresrctestscalaMapReduceSpec.scalaap  pGuessesp  ul liI am misunderstanding the toString method and what the out.object isli limissing finalize    li limissing output specification   li lia hrefhttpsjira.mongodb.orgbrowseSCALA43 relnofollowhttpsjira.mongodb.orgbrowseSCALA43a li ul  pThis works as desired from command linep  precode   map  function          emit this.topic ,  count 1            reduce  functionkey, values   var count  0 values.forEachfunctionv  count  v[count]  return count count       db.tweets.mapReduce map, reduce,   out results        db.results.ensureIndex count  1     db.results.find.sort count  1 codepre  pstrongUpdatestrong The issue has not been filed as a bug at Mongo.   a hrefhttpsjira.mongodb.orgbrowseSCALA55 relnofollowhttpsjira.mongodb.orgbrowseSCALA55ap
Negative 42922 pI am wanting to set up the option for a user to set up a passcode upon launching the app.p  pNow I am looking for a tutorial, or documentation everywhere, but unless I am looking for the wrong terminology, i cannot find what I am looking for.p  pWhen you launch apps that have this option it says the word passcode but type that into apple documentation and nothing comes up.p
Negative 42922 pIs there an open source librarys that would allow me to import, edit, and export layered image formats like PSD, TIFF, and Gimp XCF Im working on an image editing app, and having all of the above or even just one or two would be VERY helpful. Would I need to port various libraries I know that Autodesk Sketchbook has support for PSD and TIFF, but I think that their C libraries are proprietary.p
Negative 42922 pI currently have a database in MySQL, which Id like to import in MS Access. p  pIs it possible to do this while keeping all relationships intact i.e. without exporting to .csv, or by using ODBC p  pIm a noob in this area so any help is greatly appreciated. p  pThanks. p
Negative 42922 pWhat I need to do is add a bannericon to a page that is says people are a part of our organization. Kind of like the icons at the bottom of this website, the peer1 hosting one or the ccwiki one. p  pI however will have my own link and image, but I was wondering if someone can help me with some code that can do this. Thanks a lotp  pEditp  pOkay let me rephrase this since it was unclear the first timep  pI want to be able to add a code snippet that people can add to their website, that will present a banner for a Parent site. This banner will link back to that site, and we would be able to gather statistics of who is linking to our site as well as how often. Is this possible with simple  or  tags. p  pI know some HTML, but my main languages are Java, C Sharp, and Objective C, so web stuff is definitely not my forte. My boss just came up to me and asked me to do this, and I truly do not know how. Thanks for any helpp
Negative 42922 pI ran the following script on the MAC OSX version of TCL and it worked fine however it hangs on ActiveState TCL on a Windows 7 machinep  precodeproc sendsimplemessage recipient emailserver subject body            package require smtp           package require mime      set token [mimeinitialize canonical textplain string body]           mimesetheader token Subject subject           smtpsendmessage token                      ports 587                      debug 1                     username myAccountgmail.com                      password myPassword                      recipients recipient servers emailserver           mimefinalize token   sendsimplemessage myAccountgmail.com smtp.gmail.com      This is the subject. This is the message. codepre  pAny ideas what could be wrong on the Activestate system Its a fresh install of Activestate, downloaded it a couple days ago.p  pUPDATE I think it was freezing due to the corp firewall Ill have to talk to someone about that. HOWEVER While I can get farther when not going through the corp network it still doesnt deliver the message. I get the following debug info backp  precodeTrying smtp.gmail.com... lt 220 mx.google.com ESMTP d8sm8712528ibl.1 gt EHLO ush10900dv wait upto 300 seconds lt 250mx.google.com at your service, [32.178.65.125] lt 250SIZE 35882577 lt 2508BITMIME lt 250STARTTLS lt 250 ENHANCEDSTATUSCODES gt STARTTLS wait upto 300 seconds lt 220 2.0.0 Ready to start TLS gt EHLO ush10900dv wait upto 300 seconds lt 250mx.google.com at your service, [32.178.65.125] lt 250SIZE 35882577 lt 2508BITMIME lt 250AUTH LOGIN PLAIN XOAUTH lt 250 ENHANCEDSTATUSCODES gt MAIL FROMltpeddyush10900dvgt SIZE245 wait upto 600 seconds lt 5305.5.1 Authentication Required. Learn more at  lt 530 5.5.1 httpmail.google.comsupportbinanswer.pyanswer14257 d8sm8712528ibl.1 gt RSET wait upto 0 seconds gt QUIT wait upto 0 seconds handshake failed resource temporarily unavailable     while executing tlshandshake statesd     invoked from within smtpsendmessage token  ports 587  debug 1 username usernamegmail.com codepre  pThe script is using the same credentials on both the MacOS machine and the WindowsActivestate machine, but it seem  to be failing authorization  Any further ideasp
Negative 42922 pWe have a standard billing form in our web application.  Im using the JQuery a hrefhttpabeautifulsite.netblog201101jqueryselectboxplugin relnofollowselectBox plugina   to pretty up the inputs per the clients request, unfortunately this causes the browser to ignore the codestatecode dropdown when it autofills the users address.p  pIn most cases the plugin hides the codeltselectgtcode input, and then passes changes in value back and forth as they happen in the pretty dropdown version.  Neither the original hidden input or the dropdown pick up the state autofill.  As soon as I turn off codeselectBoxcode it works again.p  pHow do I clue the browser in to update the new dropdown elementp  pstrongJS initializes the pluginstrongp  precodefunction    .WhiteDD.selectBox  codepre  pstrongHTML post plugin initializationstrongp  precodeltdiv classFormBlockgt   ltlabel classFormLabel forcitygtCityltlabelgt   ltinput classBillingInput required idcity nametransaction[billing][locality] typetext valuegt ltdivgt  ltdiv classFormBlockgt   ltlabel classFormLabel forstategtStateltlabelgt     ltselect nametransaction[billing][region] classWhiteDD selectBox idstate styledisplaynonegt       ltoption valueAL selectedselectedgtALltoptiongt       ...       ltoption valueWYgtWYltoptiongt     ltselectgt      lt This code is injected by the selectbox plugingt     lta classselectBox WhiteDD selectBoxdropdown title tabindex0gtltspan classselectBoxlabelgtALltspangtltspan classselectBoxarrowgtltspangtltagt     lt End injection gt  ltdivgt codepre  pstrongEditstrongp  pClarification Im referring to the default browser address autofill functionality.  This isnt something thats happening in Javascript or I could use the methods provided by the selectBox plugin to catch and update it.p  pIs there a way to cause the default browser autofill action to trigger Javascriptp  pstrongGave Upstrongp  pMaking autofill play nicely with default HTML dropdowns is a challenge, making it play nicely with a Jquery plugin was more trouble than it was worth.  We swapped out the state dropdown for a two character masked text input.  Thanks for the responses, sorry I couldnt give out the full bounty.p
Negative 42922 pIm having an issue with getting some of the values from with this json stringp  precode  kind shoppingproducts,  etag YZWJaKE3MHROIW8rCIlu9mAACLM6qxBBGwuSPy5L3zVS6sS2NYFI,  id taggoogle.com,2010shoppingproducts,  selfLink httpswww.googleapis.comshoppingsearchv1publicproductscountryUSampqBauerfeindMalleoTrainAnkleSupport,Circumferenceininches634712,Left,ColorTitaniumamprankBypricedescendingampmaxResults1ampstartIndex1,  nextLink httpswww.googleapis.comshoppingsearchv1publicproductscountryUSampqBauerfeindMalleoTrainAnkleSupport,Circumferenceininches634712,Left,ColorTitaniumamprankBypricedescendingampmaxResults1ampstartIndex2,  totalItems 46,  startIndex 1,  itemsPerPage 1,  currentItemCount 1,  items [       kind shoppingproduct,    id taggoogle.com,2010shoppingproducts594493117136892246969389705,    selfLink httpswww.googleapis.comshoppingsearchv1publicproducts5944931gid17136892246969389705,    product          googleId 17136892246969389705,         author name Superemployee.com,accountId 5944931,         creationTime 20110828T074629.000Z,         modificationTime 20110911T060254.000Z,         country US,         language en,         title Bauerfeind MalleoTrain Ankle Support Circumference in inches 6 34  7 12 Left Color Black,         description Bauerfeind MalleoTrain Ankle Support Circumference in inches 6 34  7 12 Left Color Black  Bauerfeind MalleoTrain Ankle Support, Circumference in inches 6 34  7 12 , Left, Color Black MalleoTrain relieves ankle pain and swelling during sports and everyday activities. Product Features Knitted ankle support incorporating an anatomically contoured silicone insert behind each ankle bone . Silicone inserts leave ankle bones pressurefree and provide intermittent compression to the soft tissue of the joint, leading to increased circulation, thus aiding in the reduction of swelling and edema . Promotes proprioception , thus heightening sensory awareness in the ankle for increased joint stabilization . Anatomical knit carries controlled compression graduated at the edges to prevent constriction of circulation . Lightweight, breathable knit will not retain heat and is completely machine washable . Can be used to treat Ankle swelling and soreness . Ankle sprains . Ligamental weakness and slight ligamentous tears . Degenerative joint disease osteoarthritis . Synovitis .  Bursitis . Arthritis, osteoarthritis . Post cast . Product photo may not exactly match the product offered for sale. Please refer to the product description.,         link httpsuperemployeecom.amazonwebstore.comBauerfeindMalleoTrainAnkleSupportCircumferenceinMB001D0PFRY.htmtrafficsrcfroogleamputmmediumCSEamputmsourcefroogle,         brand Bauerfeind,         condition new,         inventories [channel online, availability inStock,price 90.0,currency USD ],         images [link httpecx.imagesamazon.comimagesI31xD5bPI4sL.jpggdapi     ]         ] codepre  pI have tried using and creating classes but cant get data to return apart from at the top two levels, for example Im trying to retrieve the price but cant figure out how to extract this datap  pThis is the code Im using and it returns nothingp  precodeltDataContractNamespacegt      Public Class items          ltDataMemberNameproductgt         Public Property product As product      End Class      ltDataContractNameproduct, Namespacegt      Public Class product         ltDataMemberNameinventoriesgt         Public Property inventories As inventories      End Class      ltDataContractNameinventories, Namespacegt      Public Class inventories         ltDataMemberNamepricegt         Public Property price As Double      End Class codepre  pThanks for any helpp  pUsing JSON.net framework I changed my Classes to the following but still dont get anything back for the pricep  precode   Public Class items         Public Property product As product         Public Property kind As String     End Class      Public Class product         Public Property inventories As inventories     End Class      Public Class inventories         Public Property price As Double     End Class codepre
Negative 42922 pI have one list and in this list I set the list of videos, some video playing and some is not working. So I want to have a messagelike video is not working when video is not working or not playing. p  pHow I check video is working or not  And I play this video URL in videoview.p
Negative 42922 pI have a powershell module that wraps around some web services. The web services take complex Plain Old Dot Net Objects PODOs and I have been using a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.collections.hashtable.aspx relnofollowHashTablesa as in cmdlet parameters and ema hrefhttptechnet.microsoft.comenuslibrarydd315334.aspx relnofollowNewObjecta MyPODO Property MyHashTableem to transform the hashtable into the request object like sop  precodefunction GetStuff [HashTable]WhatStuff      service  NewServiceProxy . . . .     request  NewObject GetStuffRequest Property WhatStuff     return service.GetStuffrequest     response  codepre  pHowever, sometimes I have a cmdlet whose response object can directly become a request object like sop  precodefunction FindStuff [HashTable]KindaStuff      service  NewServiceProxy . . . .     request  NewObject GetStuffRequest Property KindaStuff     return service.SearchStuffrequest  codepre  pIs there some sort of way to decorate the WhatStuff parameter to accept either a HashTable or a PODO of a particular typep
Negative 42922 pHow do you tune Django for better performance Is there some guide I have the following questionsp  ul liIs modwsgi the best solutionli liIs there some opcode cache like in PHPli liHow should I tune Apacheli liHow can I set up my models, so I have fewerfaster queriesli liCan I use Memcacheli ul
Negative 42922 pWhen drawing on a HTML5 canvas element, is it possible to leave part of it untouched Can you take part of the image, and then redraw that part if its not directly possiblep  pThe only solution I have thought of is to draw to a seprate, smaller canvas and then copy that over to the main canvas. Is this a feasible approachp  pI wish to draw a game scene while preserving the ui. Unfortunately, the draw order is not known in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIm using ccli with visual studio 2010 express edition.p  pWhat I want to do is create a panel that is invisible but that still acceptsreceives the click and double click messages and possibly other mouse input. If I set the controls visibility to FALSE then this seems to disable any mouse input.p  pI have tried getting the paint message and doing nothing as was suggested by other sources to try and make the panel simply not draw but not be invisible however the panel still seems to be drawing.p  pWhat should I be doing in the paint message to tell windows that I have draw the panelp  pMy panel drawing function isp  precode    private SystemVoid panel1PaintSystemObject  sender, SystemWindowsFormsPaintEventArgs  e            codepre  pIf there are any other suggestions about how I could achieve this then that would be helpful.p
Negative 42922 pThis has been asked before, but there is no sample code to be found on stackoverflow and no proper solutions as far as Im aware. I have a solution, but it looks crap. Id be grateful for any input and modifications to get a more realistic 3D door open  book cover animation.p  pAim is to have an animation between UIViewControllers so that you get the effect as if you were opening a door or a book cover. ViewController 2 is static and in the background. Above it you place ViewController 1 which covers ViewController 2. The animation will open ViewController 1 like a hardcover book and reveal ViewController 2 your first page so to say, or whatever is behind the door.p  pFirst thing to note is that you cant do this with an UINavigationController as it is difficult to overwrite the custom animations. A proper tutorial on how to set up our two ViewControllers can be found here a hrefhttpdmunsie.wordpress.com20090807customanimationsbetweenuiviewcontrollers relnofollowViewController Animationsap  pSo once everything is setup, here is my custom animation which looks crap. It basically looks as if you are squeezing the door  cover of the book to the left. There is no 3D feel to it, Im afraid. Any suggestions of how to make this better would be welcomep  precodevoidopenDoorToUIViewController aController durationfloataDuration        [aController viewWillAppearYES]     [activeController viewWillDisappearYES]      [self.view insertSubviewaController.view belowSubviewactiveController.view]  so that it is below activeController      [aController viewDidAppearYES]      [UIView beginAnimationsnil contextnil]     [UIView setAnimationDurationaDuration]      aController.view.transform  CGAffineTransformMakeTranslation0,0      CATransform3D 3Dt  CATransform3DIdentity     3Dt  CATransform3DTranslate3Dt, 320, 0, 0     3Dt  CATransform3DRotate3Dt, MPI  1.5, 0.0, 1, 0.0     3Dt  CATransform3DTranslate3Dt, 320, 0, 0      activeController.view.layer.transform  3Dt      [UIView commitAnimations]      [self performSelectorselectoranimationDone withObjectaController afterDelayaDuration]    codepre  pI think the main problem is that I dont really know how to handle codeCATransform3DTranslatecode and codeCATransform3DRotatecode.p  pHere are some posts on this, but I cant really see how to apply them to a 3D Door openerp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6531332howtorotateanuiimageviewwithcatransform3drotatemakeaneffectlikedoorop3D Door  but Axis in the middleap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5385898thepaperfoldingunfoldingeffectintwitterforipad650234965023493D Unfoldingap
Negative 42922 pI would like to store data in a queryable format without knowing ahead of time what fields a given packet of data will contain.p  pThe simpledumb approach seems to be something like a big keyvalue pair table with a key back to a table of parent objects which the data describes.p  pThe data will have the following properiesp  ol liMany pieces of metadata will be associated to a single parent objectli liThe data will always be in keyvalue pair formli liThe data will not be heirachical one level of key value pairs onlyli liThere will be lots of it. Never purged. Moved to duplicate archive stores if requiredli ol  pstrongFor examplestrongp  pA log file is parsed and its messages pulled into some defined format based on some rules as followsp  ul liLogSystem Nameli liLocation ul liDateli liTimeli liLevelli liMessageli ulli ul  pThere may be many logs parsed for many different systems. Each system may have different fields.p  pThe DateTimeLevelMessage fields are only known when the rules for parsing the file are created, not when the data store is being built.p  pHow would you go about this What kind of databasedesign would you usep
Negative 42922 precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt         function              var newYear  document.getElementByIdHF             alerthehe  newYear             countdown.countdown until newYear, format DHMS, layout ltdiv idtimergt  lthr gt      ltdiv idtimerdays classtimernumbersgtdnnltdivgt      ltdiv idtimerhours classtimernumbersgthnnltdivgt      ltdiv idtimermins classtimernumbersgtmnnltdivgt      ltdiv idtimerseconds classtimernumbersgtsnnltdivgt  ltdiv idtimerlabelsgt      ltdiv idtimerdayslabel classtimerlabelsgtdaysltdivgt      ltdiv idtimerhourslabel classtimerlabelsgthoursltdivgt      ltdiv idtimerminslabel classtimerlabelsgtminsltdivgt      ltdiv idtimersecondslabel classtimerlabelsgtsecsltdivgt  ltdivgt  ltdivgt                       ltscriptgt codepre  pHow can i use this script many times on the pageI have three codelistViewscode ont the page so i want to use it 3 timeshow can i do thatp
Negative 42922 phere is my codep  precode function VeriYazid              .ajax                 type GET,                 url VeriAl.aspx,                 data id  id,                 async false,                 success function data                  document.getElementByIdtxt.value  data                                            codepre  pAnd here is the code in referring pagep  precodeResponse.Expires  1     string adi       SqlConnection baglanti  new SqlConnection....     SqlCommand komut  new SqlCommandselect adi from urun where urunid  urunid, baglanti     komut.Parameters.AddWithValueurunid, Request.QueryString[id]     if baglanti.State  System.Data.ConnectionState.Closed         baglanti.Open     SqlDataReader okuyucu  komut.ExecuteReader     while okuyucu.Read              adi  okuyucu[adi].ToString          if baglanti.State  System.Data.ConnectionState.Open         baglanti.Close     Response.Clear     Response.ContentType  textplain      Response.Writeadi codepre  pThe referred page is a html page so I am working in a website application... That stuff should take the response from async page and write it down to the input text but the responses turns like this productltDOCTYPE etc I mean response comes with html tags... How can I get rid of html tags I need them because without them, get function doesnt go to the url...p  pPLEASE HELP PEOPLE p
Negative 42922 pHas anybody done the equivalent of a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comblogpost500 relnofollowthisa PHP solution for dealing with expired access tokens in Facebook in Cp
Negative 42922 pIm using Google App Engine. How do I set either multiple cookies or a multivalue cookie with a single responsep  pRight now Im using this code from the URL a hrefhttplocalhost8085servershowcookieemailAddressmyemailgmail.comampsecretCode1 relnofollowhttplocalhost8085servershowcookieemailAddressmyemailgmail.comampsecretCode1ap  precodeC  Cookie.SimpleCookie C[emailAddress]  self.request.getemailAddress C[secretCode]  self.request.getsecretCode C[secretCode][path]   headervalue  C.outputheader self.response.headers.addheaderSetCookie, headervalue codepre  pwhich doesnt work because the value of headervalue is emailAddressmyemailgmail.com secretCode1 Path which is not a well formed header its missing a comma. How can I create a well formed cookie with both valuesp
Negative 42922 pIs there any way to GET the ContentValues object from the SQLite Its very useful, that we can insert ContentValues in DB, and it should be more useful to get the CV from there.p
Negative 42922 pI had done cvAdaptiveTheshold function for getting the below output image. Now I want to crop the image area which contains the three rows A,B and C. All other elements needs to be removed. I think blob is a best method to do that. I got all the blobs with specific areas and perimeter. I think removing the blobs according to the sizes is not a good method. Then, how can we get that specific areas blobs together Any help will be greatly appreciated. Thanks.img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6DFHP.jpg altimage that should be processedp
Negative 42922 pI have an edit form for updating some attributes. But it tryes to edit all attributes, and cause of this I have validation error. p  pMy form edit viewp  precodepersoninfo.fll    if user.errors.any     .errorexplanation       h2 Form is invalid       ul         for message in  user.errors.fullmessages           li message     formfor user do f     p       Birthday       br        f.dateselectbirthday,startyear gt 1940     p       Name       br        f.textfield name, valuegtuser.name     p       Surname       br        f.textfield surname, valuegtuser.surname     p       Nickname       br        f.textfield nickname, valuegtuser.surname            p       About Myself       br        f.textarea aboutmyself, valuegtuser.aboutmyself     p        f.submit Update codepre  pMy update and edit actionsp  precodedef edit       user  User.findparams[id]   end    def update     user  User.findparams[id]     if user.updateattributesparams[user]       redirectto user     else       render edit     end   end codepre  pWhen I submit the form, it outputs validation errors like Password cant be blankp  pSo, how to update only part of attributes, not all I dont want to update password in my case.p  pMy user modelp  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase    hasmany posts   hasmany sentmessages, classname gt Message, foreignkey gt senderid   hasmany receivedmessages, classname gt Message, foreignkey gt receiverid   attraccessible name, email, password, passwordconfirmation   hassecurepassword   emailregex  A[w.][azd.].[az]zi    validates name, presence gt true,             length gt maximum gt 50   validates email, presence gt true,             format gt with gt emailregex,             uniqueness gt casesensitive gt false    validates password, presence gt true,             confirmation gt true,             length gt within gt 6..40     beforecreate  generatetokenauthtoken     def sendpasswordreset     generatetokenpasswordresettoken     self.passwordresetsentat  Time.zone.now     save     UserMailer.passwordresetself.deliver   end    def generatetokencolumn     begin       self[column]  SecureRandom.urlsafebase64     end while User.existscolumn gt self[column]   end end codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to compile a big project, which involves me going to different directories and compiling things there. I have three arrays, all of them contain commands, first array contains directory traversal, second array contains compile commands, and third array contains error messages.p  pI set up my arrays like sop  precodetask[0]cd vsslmake make clean compile[0]make all error[0]echo We failed at vssl install  task[1]cd ....webmake make clean compile[1]make install error[1]echo We failed at web install codepre  pNow I need a for loop that will work like thisp  precodefor i in 0..sizeofarray do     eval task[i]     if eval compile[i] then         echo Done     else         eval error[i]         break     fi done codepre  pI have tried a lot of things, and not sure how to achieve it. codefor i in task[]code doesnt work for me either because  I have three variables. Would anyone have any insight on how to get around thisp  pThanks to anyone who can help. p
Negative 42922 pIt appears that the FB.ui methodoauth has stopped calling our callback function on a production site. Here is our codep  precodeFB.ui                      method oauth,             clientid [outClienID],             redirecturi [validRedirecturi],             scopeemail, publishstream,             responsetype token,             display popup         ,         functionresponse              FB.getLoginStatuscheckFBConnect, true          codepre  pI have tried replacing the FB.getLoginStatus with a simple alert and it is never called. When I call FB.getLoginStatuscheckFBConnect, true manually from a debugging console, the process all works as intended. Its like our functionresponse is never called by facebook.p
Negative 42922 pHere is my controllerp  precodedef sedomain  domain  params[domain] virksomhed  Virksomhed.findall end codepre  pVirksomhed hasone Domain and Domain belongsto Virksomhed.p  pThat I am trying to achieve is looping through all rows in the domain table based on the params.p  pHere is a example for the dk domain page. It works fine.p  precodelt virksomhed.each do virk gt     lttrgt        lttdgtlt virk.navn gtlttdgt         lttdgtlt virk.domain.dk gt kr.lttdgt         lttdgtlt virk.domain.dkf gtlttdgt         lttdgtlt virk.domain.dko gtlttdgt      lttrgt      lt end gt codepre  pBut then I want to make it dynamicp  precodelt virksomhed.each do virk gt     lttrgt        lttdgtlt virk.navn gtlttdgt         lttdgtlt virk.domain.domain gt kr.lttdgt         lttdgtlt virk.domain.domain gtlttdgt         lttdgtlt virk.domain.domain gtlttdgt      lttrgt      lt end gt codepre  pBut I get a syntax error. I also think it is a bad solution because of users can access other columns in the Domain table via the params. p
Negative 42922 pI created a script outside of Joomla that can successfully generate a Joomla passwordp  precode I copied the JUserHelper class from Joomla here salt  JUserHelpergenRandomPassword32 crypt  JUserHelpergetCryptedPasswordpassword, salt psw  crypt..salt codepre  pMy question is, how can I compare this new cryptsalt I generate above to a password of an existing user in the Joomla database, and know if the password supplied to the script above is the correct password for that user in the databasep
Negative 42922 pIm having all sorts of problems implementing styles in action bar, ive readp  pa hrefhttpandroiddevelopers.blogspot.com201104customizingactionbar.html relnofollowhttpandroiddevelopers.blogspot.com201104customizingactionbar.htmlap  pWhich forces you to inherit some pretty obscure classes and finally managed to change the title text color. Now Im wanting to change the text color of a menu item which is always preseant in the action bar. Why one earth when I specifiy a global text color it doesnt apply it to anything in the action bar I dont know... Anyway, does anyone know how to change the text color I can see you can change the background with androidselectableItemBackground  but no how to change the text color.p  p...I dont like to go against the standard but I really want to throw the acion bar out of the window and just make a nice normal relative layout in a fragment.p  pThanks a lotp
Negative 42922 pI have some general beginner questions regarding memory management with ARC. Im experiencing some performance issues in my app  both on my device and on the simulator. The performance issue only appears when I run the simulator in retina mode, therefore I think that I must have a memory issue. I have also seen received memory warning in my log when I tested the app on my device. p  pFirst, when I creates UIImages to be used in a subview, should I set that image to nil after I have assigned it to the subview Example p  precodeUIImage  image  [UIImage imageNamedImage.png] UIImageView  imageView  [[UIImageView alloc] initWithImageimage] [self.view addSubviewimageView]  Should I set image ampamp imageView to nil here codepre  pDoes this also apply to other local variables and or instance variables p  pSecond, what is the correct ARC way to create instance variables, I currently use, p  precodeUiView   view   And implement it in implementation view  [[UIView alloc] initWithFrameframe] codepre  pAny guidance and tips would be appreciated. Links to good ARC resources would also be great.p
Negative 42922 pI have a qtwebkit browser with Mozilla NPAPI plugins from which I access a web page. This page contains flash forms and I need to be able to access and manipulate its elements. p  pDoes anyone knows if this is possible and howp  pPS I dont want to use flashs ExternalInterfacep
Negative 42922 pIm currently working on a Desktop Application in Java using Swing. Im using the beansbinding framework by jdesktop.org to synchronize the state of GUI components and data objects. However Im running into troubles with the framework, forcing me to manually transfer state information between GUI components and data objects back and forth.p  pAre there alternatives to the beansbinding framework which is used by NetBeans too I think Is there some strategy that you can recommend like not using bindings at all what to do insteadp  pIn case you wonder what problems I do face with beansbindingp  ul liit replaces my TableModel inside JTables so I cant use my own or delete rowsli licertain properties are not accessible or available, like selectedItem or selectedObject at least consistenly across JComboBox, JList, etc.li licertain properties are either read only or write only like selectedItem or selectedObjectli liI can bind special values for the value null, but I cant for example map numbers in a list to strings in a JComboBox using a custom mapping function or something I know that I can create a special class with an appropriate toString method, however this forces me to create special wrapper objects for my datasetsli li...li ul
Negative 42922 pI just forget to applied permission of the files that I just recently commited, but when afterwards I add permission to those file chmod 755, eclipse can not detect the changes commit it again obviously, as the exact content apart from the permission is detected. p  pI can actualy add some comment on the script, and force eclipse to commit the file, but maybe any other way is availablep  pThank you p
Negative 42922 pFor a backend solution of a CMS exclusively, i wanted to enable the user to switch any CMS element to floatleft on purpose. However, i had to find that as all my container elements also use relative positioning, any element that is placed next to a floated one, will overlap that one only as a block, not by content and thus render the user incapable of using any of the other elements controls. p  precodeltdiv idcontainer1 classelContainer stylefloat leftgtltdivgt ltdiv idcontainer2 classelContainer stylegtltdivgt  .elContainer     position relative  codepre  pYou can try this jsFiddle setup to test the issue a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netPNktA relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netPNktAa  If you remove the float from the first outer container, you will be able to click the edit button. If you keep the float, you cannot click it. p  pI tried to find a solution that works here, but i failed in doing so. Does anyone know how i can fix this p  pIt is alright if the solution works in FF and Safari only, as i can demand usage of those browsers for my backend.p  pThank You for any helpp
Negative 42922 pI have used strongmakecontextswapcontextstrong successfully for shifting the stack. However, when I try to use it with strongpthreadmutexlockstrong or strongpthreadmutexunlockstrong, I always receive segmentation fault. Any idea, why is that so. The code is shown below.p  h2EDITh2  pNow I read from the swapcontext manual,p  pemDue to limitations in the current pthread implementation, makecontext should not be used in programs which link against the pthread3 library whether threads are used or not.emp  pAny workaround to solve thisp  precodestatic const unsigned int SWAPSTACKSIZE  8192  These are globally defined variables.   Since each thread will have its own stack, they are defined as arrays. static ucontextt uctxmain[8], uctxfunc[8] static char funcstack[8][SWAPSTACKSIZE]   tid is thread ID here, values are 0, 1, 2, 3, etc... if getcontextampuctxfunc[tid]  1     handleerrorgetcontext uctxfunc[tid].ucstack.sssp  funcstack[tid] uctxfunc[tid].ucstack.sssize  SWAPSTACKSIZE uctxfunc[tid].uclink  ampuctxmain[tid] makecontextampuctxfunc[tid], voidpthreadmutexunlock, 1, ampmutex  if swapcontextampuctxmain[tid], ampuctxfunc[tid]  1     handleerrorswapcontext codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a dropdown input field list of options populated from the database, is there a function that allows me to know the number of optionsp  precodeecho thisgtformgtcolors codepre
Negative 42922 pI setup a CustomRoleProver asp  precodepublic class CustomRoleProvider  RoleProvider              private readonly IRepositoryltUsergt repository          public CustomRoleProviderIRepositoryltUsergt repository                      repository  repository           ... codepre  pIn my Global.asax.cs I havep  precodeCreate Ninject DI kernel             var kernel  new StandardKernel              kernel.BindltIRepositoryltUsergtgt.ToltRepositoryltUsergtgt              Tell ASP.NET MVC 3 to use our Ninject DI Container             DependencyResolver.SetResolvernew NinjectDependencyResolverkernel codepre  pWhen I try to run my code I getp  pConfiguration Error Description An error occurred during the processing of a configuration file required to service this request. Please review the specific error details below and modify your configuration file appropriately.p  pParser Error Message No parameterless constructor defined for this object.p  pSource Errorp  pLine 64              Line 65                  Line 66                  Line 67              Line 68         p  pSo maybe I have a totally incorrect understanding of DI and ninject. I thought that when it tried to  instantiate teh CustomRoleProvider it would create the user repository and pass it to the constructor not trying to use a parameterless one.p  pDo I understand this incorrectly or is my setup just incorrectp  pI find this strange because the DI seems to be mostly working for the controllers.p
Negative 42922 pI am new in creating an application using Visual Stuido 2010 C and Microsft Access 2007. I am planning to create an application where the user can add data to the databaseMSAccess. But I got an error stating that strongSyntax Error missing operator In Query Expressionstrong. I really cant find whats the problem with my code. p  pThis is my code in adding data to the databasep  precodeprivate void buttonSaveFuelLimitClickobject sender, EventArgs e              string MyConString  ProviderMicrosoft.ACE.OLEDB.12.0Data SourceCUsersKKKKKDocumentsVisual Studio 2010ProjectsTrialTrialgxi.accdb         OleDbConnection connection  new OleDbConnectionMyConString         OleDbCommand command  connection.CreateCommand         command.Connection  connection         using OleDbConnection conn  new OleDbConnectionMyConString                      connection.Open             using OleDbCommand com  connection.CreateCommand                              command.CommandText  insert into fuellimitfuellimitcode, fuellimitdescription valuesfuellimitcode, fuellimitdescription                 command.Parameters.Addnew OleDbParameterfuellimitcode, OleDbType.VarChar                 command.Parameters.Addnew OleDbParameterfuellimitdescription, OleDbType.VarChar                 command.Parameters[fuellimitcode].Value  textBoxFuelLimitCode.Text                 command.Parameters[fuellimitdescription].Value  textBoxFuelLimitDesc.Text                 command.ExecuteNonQuery                 MessageBox.ShowData Saved                            codepre  pThis is the screen shot of the error message img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqApCK.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pI have a big log file, over 1 million lines. I need to use regexp to find a pattern and then start chomping down until I hit another regular expression. So I would end up with something like 1500 lines.p  pI know sed allows use of regexp, but can it split files I have no experience with awk, but I think that this should allow me to do what I need. I am confused from reading the manpage though... I would appriciate some examples or even more simpler solutions.p
Negative 42922 pMy system has Office2007. And i use VB.Net to automate word. Everything works fine. But when tried to save in Word2003 format.doc, it is not working. But the saved document is readable in Word2007.p  precodeDim WordApp As Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application  New Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application Dim MyDoc As Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Document  .....  MyDoc.SaveAsctest.doc codepre  pThis saves the document with the filename as codetest.doccode. But it wont open in Word2003. But opens flawlessly in Word2007.p  pHow to save the document in 2003 format p
Negative 42922 pI was wondering if its possible to make the height css value a percentage that uses the parent div other divs.p  pIn other wordsp  precodeltdiv classwrappergt     ltdic classchildgt         ltdiv classthechildschildgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pSo, say I have a codeheightcode value of 50 on codethechildschildcode originally, that would be 50 of the codechildcode div but could I make it 50 of the codewrappercode or a different divp
Negative 42922 pSo I have a list of events objects. I want to make it so that when you click an event title, additional information will enfold for that event. But if I write it like this, it wont interact with the controller servlet which gives the list of events, it will just go to the EventsOverview.jsp page directly with parameter eventID. The list of events will be null.p  precodeListltEventgt eventList  ListltEventgt request.getAttributeeventList ... lta hrefEventsOverview.jspeventlte.getIDgtgt lt e.getTitle gt ltagt codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to parse and filter a file that looks like thisp  precode1 Row one.  2 Row two. codepre  pI have been able to do the filtering of the rows with the following codep  precodedefn parsetextcms [selrow]   let [fdata  stsplit   slurp cmstbcms.txt]    prn map take 1  fdata   filter   first take 1  selrow fdata codepre  pHowever, this codes gives me if selrow1p  precode1 Row one. codepre  pI would like to chop off that 1 and the space after, so to havep  precodeRow one. codepre  pI think there is some sequence magic to do this. I just cant come up with an elegant solution.p
Negative 42922 pIve seen a few use cases for rank2 polymorphism the most prominent example being the a hrefhttpwww.haskell.orghaskellwikiMonadSTST monada, but none for a higher rank than that. Does anyone know of such a use casep
Negative 42922 pIve created an array of objects in the main app delegate that is loading data from an sqlite database. When I load the TableView, a property in this class is set to point to the array of objects. Then, as the TableView is displayed it correctly returns the count of the array for the number of rows and displays the text in the cell from a property of the appropriate object in the array.p  pI also have a refresh button in the topright corner of the navigation bar which goes out and downloads an XML file from the network, parses it, and then updates the database.p  pI then recreate the main array of objects from the database and point my TableView property to the new array and then ask the TableView to reload the data. This is where it then crashes with a EXCBADACCESS.p  pI have stepped through with the debugger and determined that everything is correct up until the codereloadDatacode call. The database and main array are both synchronised and the custom TableView property is also pointing to the main array.p  pThen, as I step through with the debugger, I noticed a couple of things. Firstly, when it calls codenumberOfRowsInSectioncode, the pointer to the main array is correct and the number of rows is correct. Secondly, when it gets to the first codecellForRowAtIndexPathcode call, the pointer to the main array is pointing to an invalid section of memory. The actual memory address is the same but the array of objects has disappeared. p  pI cannot understand how the array disappears in the middle of the reload like this because my reference count should still be greater than zero so there should be no garbage collection. So my question is, does anybody have any idea what might be happening And secondly, how do I determine the exact location of the problem  p
Negative 42922 pMy code is the following onep  precodeint totalBarCount  12 NSMutableArray tmpValue  [[NSMutableArray alloc]initWithCapacitytotalBarCount] [tmpValue addObject[NSNumber numberWithFloattmpToplam]]  NSLog f,[tmpValue count] codepre  pcode[tmpValue count]code always returns 0. Why How can I get 12p
Negative 42922 pIn the plot generated by ggplot, each label along the xaxis is a string, i.e., the product in 1990. However, the generated plot there is a period in between each word. In other words, the above string is shown as the.product.in.1990p  pHow can I ensure the above . is not addedp  pThe following code is what I used to add string for each point along the xaxisp  precodelastplotscalexdiscretelimitsddatalabelstext codepre  pSample codep  precodelibraryggdendro x lt read.csvtest.csv,headerTRUE  d lt as.distx,diagFALSE,upperFALSE  hc lt hclustd,ave  dhc lt as.dendrogramhc  ddata lt dendrodatadhc,typerectangle ggplotsegmentddata  geomsegmentaesxx0,yy0,xendx1,yendy1 lastplot  scalexdiscretelimitsddatalabelstext codepre  peach row of codeddatalabelstextcode is a string, like the product in 1990. I would like to keep the same format in the generated plot rather than the.product.in.1990 p
Negative 42922 pi have used the following query to get time range based count. subtract currentime from created time but it produces an error  p  blockquote   pError code 1064, SQL state 42000 You have an error in your SQL   syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version   for the right syntax to use near TO 8 then 8Hrs           WHEN roundtimetosectimediffnow , createddatet at line 4p blockquote  precodeSELECT t.range, count as num FROM  SELECT CASE     WHEN roundtimetosectimediffnow , createddatetime3600 BETWEEN 0 TO 8 then 8Hrs     WHEN roundtimetosectimediffnow , createddatetime3600 BETWEEN 9 TO 16 then 16Hrs     WHEN roundtimetosectimediffnow , createddatetime3600 BETWEEN 17 TO 24 then 24Hrs     WHEN roundtimetosectimediffnow , createddatetime3600 gt 24 then G24Hrs     AS range     FROM ticket   as t      GROUP BY range codepre  pAnd i have to avoid repetion of    p  precoderoundtimetosectimediffnow , createddatetime3600    codepre  pstatement.p  h2table structureh2  precodeid  createddatetime   issue     1   20111207 052928 test   2   20111208 075615 test   3   20111208 055615 test   codepre  h2create queryh2  precodeCREATE TABLE ticketingsystem.ticket  id bigint 20  NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT , createddatetime datetime NOT NULL , issue text NOT NULL , PRIMARY KEY  id   ENGINE  MYISAM DEFAULT CHARSET  latin1    codepre  h1I want below outputh1  pthese fields are no of records has pending time since record createdp  precode8hrs    16hrs   24hrs   gt24hr  3       2        6      4 codepre
Negative 42922 pI have some C code I am porting to Java.p  pMy code looks something like thisp  precodeenum direction UP, DOWN, LEFT, RIGHT, NEUTRAL int LINK[5] ..... fill LINK array ..... if desireddirection  LEFT    LINK[LEFT]  gt 0 return true if desireddirection  RIGHT   LINK[RIGHT] gt 0 return true if desireddirection  UP      LINK[UP]    gt 0 return true if desireddirection  DOWN    LINK[DOWN]  gt 0 return true codepre  pSo I have an array filled with ints and I am using an enum for the index of the array.p  pWhat is the Java way of going about thisp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI am making a normal distribution calculator in PHP, but I cant figure out how to calculate the integral of a function using PHP.  Ive searched the web and stackoverflow, but I cant find anything on the topic.  The closest Ive come is via php.net where someone referrers to the a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiSimpson27srule relnofollowComposite Simpsons Rulea to get an approximation, but I would like to get a precise result and not just an approximation. p  pIs there any commonly know way to achieve my goal, that I am missing, and if there are several which would be the best for calculating normal distributionp
Negative 42922 pI have written this very simple piece of code that takes an double array of point coordinates and adds their midpoints. When executing I keep getting codeOutOfMemoryError Java heap spacecode and sometimes codeOutOfMemoryError GC overhead limit exceededcode. The only thing that makes it work is if I add an if else statement at the end which gets rid of all new arrays that are longer than code1000code. I was just trying to make some sense when I used this if else statement but now I am even more confused since none of the arrays that are being parsed are larger than code500code and the output array is always codelength  2  1code. I have tried increasing the heap space as much as possible until my computer crashes and it has not changed anything. I really cant see anything wrong with my code, ive been looking at it for hoursp  pThanks a bunch, Any help would be greatly appreciatedp  precode    public float[][] smoothfloat a[][]         int length  a.length         float b[][]  new float[length21][2]         int x  0          for int i  0 i lt length i             b[ix]  a[i]             x  1             if i lt length1                 b[ix]  midPointa[i], a[i1]                 if b.length lt 1000             return b       else           return a           public static float[] midPointfloat a[], float b[]         int length  a.length         float c[]  new float[length]          forint i  0 i lt length i             c[i]  a[i]  b[i]length          return c       codepre  pMain Classp  precodeimport java.lang. import java.io. import java.util. import hwr.  public class DTWDist  public static void mainString[] args       MyClass2 mc2  new MyClass2      if args.length  2          System.out.printlnPerform dynamic time warping alignment on reference patterns         System.out.printlnusage inputlist reflist         System.out.printlnoutput format inputid refid distance         System.exit1           TimeWarping warpFun  new DynamicTimeWarpingnew SquaredEuclidDistance     float inputpats[][][]     float refpats[][][]     PenDataReader reader  new PenDataReadertrue     inputpats  reader.readFileListargs[0]     refpats  reader.readFileListargs[1]      for int i  0 i lt inputpats.length i         for int j  0 j lt refpats.length j              inputpats[i]  mc2.smoothinputpats[i]             refpats[j]  mc2.smoothrefpats[j]             inputpats[i]  mc2.centroidinputpats[i]             refpats[j]  mc2.centroidrefpats[j]                    for int i  0 i lt inputpats.length i          for int j  0 j lt refpats.length j               System.out.printlni     j  t  warpFun.calcDistanceinputpats[i], refpats[j]                  System.out.println          System.out.println   codepre
Negative 42922 pIm using Time data with irregular intervals chart of Highcharts. As you know when mouse moves over points of line the formatter function runs and shows some information. I want to know index of the point that mouse moves over it. So if mouse moves over first point of the line, tooltip shows 1 and the second point shows 2 and so on. thnx.p
Negative 42922 pI feel like I am missing something stupidly obvious here, I am trying to get the results of an SQL query and then using them in a loop. I feel like I am missing something stupidly obvious, I have tried it with and without the commented out line. p  precodeltphp sentToID  SESSION[userID]  query  SELECT            FROM messages           WHERE sentToID  sentToID  results  mysqlqueryquery userData  mysqlfetcharrayresults, MYSQLASSOC  foreach results as result     messageID  result[messageID]     sentFromID  result[sentFromID]     subject  result[subject]     body  result[body]     dateTime  result[dateTime]      query  SELECT usertype                FROM user               WHERE userID  sentFromID     messageResult  mysqlqueryquery     messageData  mysqlfetcharraymessageResult, MYSQLASSOC      usertype  messageData[usertype]      query  SELECT                 FROM usertype               WHERE userID  sentFromID      messageResult  mysqlqueryquery     messageData  mysqlfetcharraymessageResult, MYSQLASSOC      if usertype  jobseeker         forname  messageData[forename]         surname  messageData[surname]         echo ltdivgtltpgt . forename .   . surname . ltpgt               ltpgtSubject  . subject .ltpgt               ltpgtBody  . body . ltpgtltdivgt          if usertype  employer         forname  messageData[forename]         surname  messageData[surname]         companyName  messageData[companyName]          echo ltdivgtltpgt . forename .   . surname .    . companyName . ltpgt               ltpgtSubject  . subject .ltpgt               ltpgtBody  . body . ltpgtltdivgt       gt codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pHow to remove ranges from an array in C Like with codeArrayListcodep  precodeArrayList myAL  new  ArrayList  myAL.Add The  myAL.Add quick  myAL.Add brown  myAL.Add fox  myAL.Add jumped  myAL.Add over  myAL.Add the  myAL.Add lazy  myAL.Add dog     myAL.RemoveRange 4, 3  codepre  pHow can i achieve the same with string array objectp
Negative 42922 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions626766fastestserializeranddeserializerwithlowestmemoryfootprintincFastest serializer and deserializer with lowest memory footprint in Ca  p blockquote    pIm using codeBinaryFormattercode class to serialize an structure or a class. after serialization, Im going to encrypt the serialized file before saving. And of course decrypt it before deserializationp  pBut I heard that some other serialization classes are present in .Net Framework. Like  XmlSerializer, JavaScriptSerializer, DataContractSerializer and protobufnet.p  pI want to know, which one is best for mep  pLess RAM space needed for serializedeserialize is the most important thing for me. Also speed is important.p
Negative 42922 pBackground As a short project over winter break, Im trying to implement a programming language called Axe designed for graphing calculators using Python and PLY.  A brief note the language allows only global variables and makes heavy use of pointers.p  pstrongIm trying to implement goto in this language, but have no idea how to do it.strongp  pMy general method is to first use PLY to parse the code into an ast, then walk through it executing as I go.p  pFor example, the statement p  precodeIf 3     Disp 4     Disp 6 End codepre  p...would turn into...p  precode[PROGRAM,    [BLOCK,      [IF,        [CONDITION, 3],        [BLOCK,          [DISP, 4],          [DISP, 6]       ]     ]   ] ] codepre  p...which I would execute recursively I added indents for readability.p  pBecause the ast is a tree, Im not sure how to jump between different nodes.  Ive considered perhaps converting the tree to a flatish array code[IF, [CONDITION, 3], [DISP, 4], [DISP, 6]]code so that I can use the indices of the flatish array to go to specific lines in the code, but this seems to lack a certain elegance and almost feels like a step backwards although I could be wrong.p  pIve looked at a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6780195gotostatementinantlrthisa, but was unable to understand how it worked.p  pAny help or hints would be appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI am almost done creating a program using visual c to gather everything I need in preparation for a system backup image.p  pNow, First, I would like to know how to create an image file.p  pSecondly if someone knows how to use or call Windows 7 Backup and Restore functionality rather than creating it from scratch will be very much appreciated.p  pI try to go and search for creating an image backup BUT come out nothing since the search engine shows an strongimagestrong topic literally.p
Negative 42922 pIm stumped trying to come up to a difference between a web site and a web application for myself. As I see it, a web site points to a specific page and a web application is more of some sort of portal to content and information. p  pBut where Im stuck is that a web application is still viewed through a browser is it not and a web site can still view content dynamically, making the line between web site and application prety gray.p  pFor instance, does a web site using ASP.NET or AJAX I assume ASP.NET is AJAXs proprietary sibling, if not, ignore ASP.NET AND concentrate on the AJAX, becomes a web application because it can retrieve data dynamically and asynchronously or would a website using PHP and a CMS be more of a web application because it forms the pages on request, based on the request of the client and its content in its databsep  pOr maybe Im totally wrong here  what differenciates between a web application and a websitep
Negative 42922 pWhen using Javascript as followsp  precodefunction TestExample    Test.prototype.etc etc etc   function Example     Example.prototype.etc etc etc   example  new Example test  new Testexample codepre  pIs this efficient or am I hogging memory somehowp  pI ask this as I have the following setup within my javascript game at present and each requires some of the other in bracketsp  pCamera canvas Input canvas, camera, tilemap Sprite camera, canvasp  pAm I going about this the wrong way Should I be passing this method some other way Its struck me as a concern as I now have quite a few new instances of sprite and wondered if it is going to become a problem.p  pCheersp
Negative 42922 pI understand the basics of httpwebrequest and Im not looking for any answers on web browsers. My previous method was done using webbrowsers but because of the lack of speed I have transferred over to httpwebrequest to speed up the process.p  pI have an id of an element that I would like to grab and use in an httpwebrequest but not sure where I would start with that.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have searched and tried several techniques for responsiveadaptive images but I have found that most of them interfere with the html5 cache manifest.p  pI would like feedback on whether this method is a good practice note it does delay downloading of images until the scripts are running but prevents double downloads of image resourcesp  ptypical htmlp  precodeltimg dataname001.jpggt ltimg dataname002.jpggt ltimg dataname003.jpggt codepre  pthe javascriptp  precodevar fullTestwindow.width if fullTest lt 1025 ampamp fullTest gt 600      var imageFolder  photosmedium     console.logmedium images  else if fullTest gt 1024      var imageFolder  photoslarge     console.loglarge images  else      var imageFolder  photos     console.logsmall images   img.eachfunction       imageName  this.dataname     if imageName        this.attrsrc, imageFolder  imageName        console.logimageNamewas changed      else           console.logthis.attrsrc was not changed       codepre
Negative 42922 pIm running a java code using Apache Avro. Some code gets deprecated in the java file and Im  not sure why. Im using Maven to run my Java program. This is the java filep  precode    public class AvroAddressTest  public int tempRand   static String[] NAMES   Karthik, Sam, Joe, Jess, Tom,         Huck, Hector, Duke, Jill, Natalie, Chirsta, Ramya    static String[] EMAILS   kargmail.com, stevegmail.com,         garrygmail.com, kumarhotmail.com, davehotmail.com,         willhotmail.com, rickymail.com, vinodymail.com,         basuymail.com, sachinymail.com, chesterymail.com,         anandymail.com    static String[] PHONENUMBERS   9940099321, 9940099456,         9934099333, 9940099567, 9940077654, 9940088323,         9940097543, 9940099776, 9940000981, 9940088444,         9940099409, 9940033987       static int[] AGES   32, 43, 23, 21, 55, 34, 33, 31, 22, 41, 56, 62   static boolean[] STU   true, false, true, true, false, false, true, false, true, false, false, true    public void serializeGeneric throws IOException       Create a datum to serialize.     Schema schema  new Schema.Parser.parsegetClass             .getResourceAsStreamAddressRec.avsc     GenericRecord datum  new GenericData.Recordschema      Random random  new Random      int randInt  random.nextIntNAMES.length      datum.putname, new Utf8NAMES[randInt]     datum.putemail, new Utf8EMAILS[randInt]     datum.putphone, new Utf8PHONENUMBERS[randInt]     datum.putage, AGES[randInt]     datum.putstudent, STU[randInt]     datum.putdoor,new Utf8NAMES[randInt]        Serialize it.     ByteArrayOutputStream out  new ByteArrayOutputStream     DatumWriterltGenericRecordgt writer  new GenericDatumWriterltGenericRecordgt             schema     Encoder encoder  EncoderFactory.get.binaryEncoderout, null     writer.writedatum, encoder     encoder.flush     out.close     System.out.printlnnSerialization   out       Deserialize it.     DatumReaderltGenericRecordgt reader  new GenericDatumReaderltGenericRecordgt             schema     BinaryDecoder decoder  DecoderFactory.get.binaryDecoder             out.toByteArray, null     GenericRecord result  reader.readnull, decoder     System.out.printf             Deserialized outputnName s, Email s, Phone s, Age d, Student snn,             result.getname, result.getemail, result.getphone,             result.getage, result.getstudent   public void serializeSpecific throws IOException       Create a datum to serialize.     AddressRec datum  new AddressRec     Random random  new Random     int randInt  random.nextIntNAMES.length      datum.name  new Utf8NAMES[randInt]     datum.email  new Utf8EMAILS[randInt]     datum.phone  new Utf8PHONENUMBERS[randInt]     datum.age  AGES[randInt]     datum.student  STU[randInt]      File tmpFile  File.createTempFileAddressRecAvroExample, .avro      Serialize it.     DataFileWriterltAddressRecgt writer  new DataFileWriterltAddressRecgt             new SpecificDatumWriterltAddressRecgtAddressRec.class     writer.createAddressRec.SCHEMA, tmpFile     writer.appenddatum     writer.close      System.out.printlnnSerialization to tempfile   tmpFile       Deserialize it.     FileReaderltAddressRecgt reader  DataFileReader.openReadertmpFile,             new SpecificDatumReaderltAddressRecgtAddressRec.class     while reader.hasNext          AddressRec result  reader.next         System.out.printfDeserialized outputnName s, Email s, Phone s, Age d, Student snn,                         result.name, result.email, result.phone,                         result.age, result.student          reader.close   Test public void serializeTest throws IOException      serializeGeneric     serializeSpecific  codepre  pp  pWhat is the problem The code in block is getting deprecated.p  pThis is the .avsc filep  precode type record, name AddressRec, namespacecom.mycompany.samples.avro, fields [     name name, type string,     name email, type string,     name phone, type string,     name age, type int,      name student, type boolean  ] codepre  pp  pThe program is running fine . Its just that some code is deprecated. The same code is not deprecated when i use version 1.5.1p
Negative 42922 pI have a little problem here with my sample JMS layout. p  pI have two brokers A, B on two machines, which are linked via network connector. The idea is that the producer can send to any broker and the consumer can listen to any broker and the topic to send toreceive from is available globally.p  pThe topic has two durable subscriber clients one on each machine that both will process all the messages in the topic. I want it to be a durable subscription so that the processes wont loose any workload if a process has to be restarted. Both subscriber clients are configured to have a failover broker url, so that they first try to connect to their localhost broker and if not available to the other. Failover of the clients seems to work, but I found a problem in the following situationp  pEach broker A and B have a subscriber client connected The producer is sending to A. Broker B gets restarted. Client of B registers connection loss and switches to A. B comes up again, and because it had itself registered as a durable subscriber to A it gets the message feed. It has no active durable subscriber now A has now three, including B and piles up until it reaches its connection limits.p  pIs my configuration wrong Is it possible what Ive intendedp  pCheers, Kaip
Negative 42922 pWhat I want to do, in short, is from this being a table row, find the next table row with a class of examplenot necessarily a sibling.p  pI.E. use next to find the next row with a class of example which isnt a sibling.p
Negative 42922 pI have a silverlight app In the app there are a number of user controls with data grids in them that relate to things such as Purchase Orders, sale orders, transfers etc.p  pWhat these have in common is a document Type, Document No. type structure.p  pI am trying to implement a generic priting function whereby i get the Order and then send this back to a HOST erp system to create a PDF for viewing.p  pI was trying to avoid having to add the same functioanlity to all the screens, so I created a Print Report user control with a print button on it. the user control has a View model behind it and some dependcy properties on it.p  pThe idea is that when the user selects an Order from one of the grids the we set the dependcy prop as the selected item from the grid. To accomodate this the dependency property is of type object.p  pas the dependcy property is set i can pcik up the obejct in the callback method defined in the regstration of the DP. Iso e.value is either sales Order, Transfer Order, Purchase order.p  precodeprivate static void UpdatedTheValuesDependencyObject d,                                       DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs e       var sender  d as NavReportPicker     if sender  null              PrintObjModel bbb  PrintObjModel e.NewValue        codepre  pI can push this property around, in that i can pass it to a method on the view model but at no point can i do anythhing else with it.p  pA colleague suggested that to make things cleaner perhaps adding an interface the to Sale Order, transfer ORder, Purcashe ORder classes would enable me to cast the object to either an Interface or some other shared class by calling a method on the interface e..gp  precodepublic NewPrintObj GetNewObject      PrintObj p  new PrintObj     p.No1     p,type2  codepre  pThis all seems a fairly good idea, but i am unable to convertcast  the dependcy Property object to anything else.p  pIf i cast i get invalid cast exception, If i safely cast then I get a null.p
Negative 42922 pIam using Eclipse IndigoJava EE IDE amp have gwt plugin installed on it. When I debug my GAE application it takes a lot of time to start.  My current config is 1gb ram,intel dual core, windows 7 os. Also appengine.google.com is disabled by my proxy server.. My plugins are gwt 2.4.0 amp appengine SDK 1.6.0.              Has anyone faced this issue beforep
Negative 42922 pI have given a record with many different types of mushrooms. These should be classified into edible and poisonous. The classification have to perform with knearestneighbors 1 and J48. p  pBoth algorithms shows a precision of 99.88. Relevant for me is the falsepositive rate. J48 has a rate of 0.3 and KNN of 0. So I would say KNN is better suited for the chosen problem.p  pHowever, I dont know an answer why. Is there a general a answer why KNN is bether for some records than the J48p  pThe second thing is that I should use a 10foldcrossvalidation. What is that exatlyp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI gave an access to fans to upload photos to FANPAGEs wall. How can I count posted photots I am too young in FB.apis  Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI am attempting to dynamically generate a SQL script using MSBuild. The script is responsible for updating some tables etc... postbuild.p  pOne of the requirements of this script is to retrieve the products release notes from a text file and place them into an insert statement in the SQL script. p  pIm using TemplateFile to replace the values in a template and generate the SQL script, and its working as expected. My problem begins when I attempt to read the release notes file. The following is my codep  precodeltPropertyGroupgt     ltSQLFileTemplategtUpdate Product Table.templateltSQLFileTemplategt     ltSQLFileNamegtUpdate Product Table.sqlltSQLFileNamegt          ltReleaseNotesFilegtRelease Notes.txtltReleaseNotesFilegt ltPropertyGroupgt  ltReadLinesFromFile FileReleaseNotesFilegt         ltOutput TaskParameterLines ItemNameFileContents gt ltReadLinesFromFilegt  ltItemGroupgt     ltTokens IncludereleaseDategt         ltReplacementValuegtbuildDateltReplacementValuegt     ltTokensgt     ltTokens IncludereleaseNotesgt         ltEscape the CR LF because MSBuild will replace them with semicolongt         ltReplacementValuegtFileContents, 0a0dltReplacementValuegt     ltTokensgt     ltTokens IncludereleaseLevelgt         ltReplacementValuegt0ltReplacementValuegt     ltTokensgt     ltTokens IncludecurrentVersionIntsgt         ltReplacementValuegtversionIntsltReplacementValuegt     ltTokensgt     ltTokens IncludecurrentVersiongt         ltReplacementValuegtGuiVersionltReplacementValuegt     ltTokensgt     ltTokens IncludeproductVersionIdgt          ltReplacementValuegtproductIdltReplacementValuegt     ltTokensgt ltItemGroupgt      ltTemplateFile TemplateSQLFileTemplate OutputFileNameSQLFileName TokensTokens gt codepre  pWhen I do this, the file is read but its just put into single spacing and the format is completely gone. Ive looked at ReadTextFromFile in MSBuild.Community.Tasks.FileSystem but I cant figure out the syntax.p  pCan someone give me a hand for thisp
Negative 42922 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions432037howdoicentertexthorizontallyandverticalinatextviewinandroidHow do I center text horizontally and vertical in a TextView in Androida  p blockquote    pI have a codeRelativeLayoutcode before it was a codeLinerLayoutcode, that occupies all the screen and I want to put in the center of this codeLayoutcode, a codeTextViewcode. I try to do it with codegravity  centercode codelayoutgravity  centercode and a few more, but it doesnt work.p  pAnybody knows how to center the codeTextViewcode in the middle of the screenp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pOk, I think I explained badly. I think the codeTextViewcode is in the center, but what I want to center is the text in the codeTextViewcode. Can I do thisp
Negative 42922 pquick question.p  pI am trying to get C nailed down, and today I spent hours with a double definition linker errorthis has already been defined and I finally realised its because I had the layout as suchp  ul lipmain.cppp  precodeinclude Dog.cpp codepreli lipDog.cppp  precodeinclude Dog.h codepreli lipDog.hp  precode Dog class and prototype of test function codepreli ul  pAnd now that Ive cleared that up by including the Dog.h instead of the Dog.cpp in the main.cpp.p  pstrongBy including the .h file, does the .cpp file with the identical prefix get compiled with the programstrongp  pI was astounded when the program ran with only the .h included and no references whatsoever to Dog.cpp. I spent ages Googling but no answers really helped me understand what was going on.p  pstrongEditstrong I forgot to add that I prototyped in the .h, and defined the function for the class in the .cpp and thats what gave me the already defined error.p
Negative 42922 pI have a page that dynamically loads content based on a user pushing a buttonp  precodedocument.readyfunction      myButton.clickfunction              dynamicDiv.loadwww.example.com       codepre  pThe dynamic content works fine, I can fetch pages all day long.  But after you follow a link to another page, then press the browser back button to come back to the page, the page is completely reset as though no dynamic content had ever been loaded.  p  pI swear Ive seen different behavior before, but maybe Im insane. Shouldnt the browser preserve the state of the page, rather than rerendering itp  pEDIT By the way, Im using Play framework, if that has any bearing on this.p
Negative 42922 pIm coming at this from a Node.js perspective where the general consensus seems to be that it shines for IO bound use cases.  Im not trying to build the next FacebookTwitter but my question is are social networking sites generally IO bound or CPU bound  Since social networking can encompass such a wide variety of contexts, I will further specify that I am specifically interested in functions such as chatting, instant messaging, following users and status updates.  For these types of things do bottlenecks generally occur on the CPU or IO sidep
Negative 42922 pHow can i have default values for my inputs, and when user submites form, only values from changed inputs go to query, those that havent been change dontp  pI havep  precodeusing Ajax.BeginFormSearch, Persons, new AjaxOptions     HttpMethod  POST,    InsertionMode  InsertionMode.Replace,    UpdateTargetId  results,    LoadingElementId  progress    ltinput nameName typetext classcleardefault valueFirst and Last namegt ltinput nameAdress typetext classcleardefault valueAdressgt  ltinput nameSearch typesubmit classmainSearchSubmit valuesubmit gt     codepre  pI am using functions for clearing and replacing default text in   codeltinputgtcode elements, by Ross Shannon, a hrefhttpwww.yourhtmlsource.com relnofollowhttpwww.yourhtmlsource.comap  pMy goal is to only send values that are not default This way when i breakpoint to my controller, my query has default values inside Is there a way to resolve this, and still keep MVC3 native codep  pAny ideasp
Negative 42922 pI have a workbook with sheets having names Student 1, Student 2, Student 3 and so on.p  pI am adding a sheet through vba with will be named Student 4 if there are three sheets already present. How can I identify the last sheet number 3 in this case so I know I need to name the next sheet Student 4p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI am willing to get the ImageView appear above the MapView because it contains two buttons, however, what ever i did, the MapView still Hiding the UIImageViewp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQbBbQ.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pHi I had a question about linking input and output with subprocesses in python. I am trying to simplify the program by skipping the output of one step by passing it to another subprocess rather than output it to a file. Then open another process to run on that file.p  pE.g. First process uses SAMTOOLS to output a specific chromosome from a large bam file. So... bigfile.bam is read in and outputs chromosome22.bamp  pThe next subprocess uses BEDTOOLS to convert that chromosome22.bam to chromosome22.bed So... chromosome22.bam is read in and outputs chromosome22.bedp  pWhat I want to do is pass the stdout of the first process into the second so there is no need for the intermediate file.p  pSo far I have this...p  precodefor x in 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,X,Y    subprocess.calls view bh s s gt sss.bam  samtools,bam,x,bampath,out,x, shellTrue codepre  pThis makes the chromosome[122,X,Y].bam files. But can I avoid this and put another subprocess command in the same loop to convert them to bed filesp  pThe command for bed conversion isp  precodebedpathbedtools bamtobed i [bamfile] gt [bedfile] codepre
Negative 42922 pIm playing with some Data Parallel Haskell code and found myself in need of a a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiPrefixsum relnofollowprefix suma.  However I didnt see any basic operator in the a hrefhttphackage.haskell.orgpackagesarchivedphpar0.5.1.1dochtmlDataArrayParallel.html relnofollowdph packagea for prefix sum.p  pI rolled my own, but, since Im new to dph, Im not sure if its properly taking advantage of parallelizationp  precode LANGUAGE ParallelArrays   OPTIONSGHC fvectorise   module PrefixSum  scanP  where import Data.Array.Parallel lengthP, indexedP, mapP, zipWithP, concatP, filterP, singletonP, sliceP, ,  import Data.Array.Parallel.Prelude.Int lt, , , Int, mod  hide prelude import qualified Prelude    assuming zipWithP a gt b gt c given   [a] of length n and  [b] of length m, n  m  will return  [c] of length min n m  scanP  a gt a gt a gt [a] gt [a] scanP f xs  if lengthP xs lt 1                 then xs                 else head  tail   where  [ x0, x2, ..., x2n ]         evens  mapP snd . filterP even . fst  indexedP xs          [ x1, x3 ... ]         odds  mapP snd . filterP odd . fst   indexedP xs         lenEvens  lengthP evens         lenOdds  lengthP odds          calculate the prefix sums [w] of the pair sums [z]         psums  scanP f  zipWithP f evens odds          calculate the total prefix sums as           [ x0, w0, f w0 x2, w1, f w1 x4, ...,          head  singletonP evens  0         body  concatP . zipWithP p e gt [ p, f p e ] psums  sliceP 1 lenOdds evens          ending at either             ... wn1, f wn1 x2n ]          or             ... wn1, f wn1 x2n, wn ]          depending on whether the length of [x] is 2n1 or 2n2         tail  if lenEvens  lenOdds then body  singletonP psums  lenEvens  1 else body   reimplement some of Prelude so it can be vectorised f  x  f x infixr 0  . f g y  f g y  snd a,b  b fst a,b  a  even n  n mod 2  0 odd n  n mod 2  1 codepre
Negative 42922 pWhen I wrap raw resources in a C class, in destructor code I usually simply release the allocated resources, without paying attention to additional steps like zeroing out pointers, etc. e.g.p  precodeclass File  public   ...    File        if mfile  NULL       fclosemfile     private   FILE  mfile  codepre  pI wonder if this code style contains a empotential bugem i.e. strongis it possible that a destructor is called more than oncestrong In this case, the right thing to do in the destructor would be to clear pointers to avoid doublemultiple destructionsp  precodeFile    if mfile  NULL        fclosemfile     mfile  NULL  avoid double destruction     codepre  pA similar example could be made for heapallocated memory if codemptrcode is a pointer to memory allocated with codenew[]code, is the following destructor code OKp  precode In destructor delete [] mptr  codepre  por should the pointer be cleared, too, to avoid double destructionp  precode In destructor delete [] mptr mptr  NULL  avoid double destruction codepre
Negative 42922 pAfter making an auto complete text view once the user click the OK buttonwhich i made i wanted the application to display the contents of selected text in auto complete as a button or as a text view..I find only Toast class for this..which will last only for a short time..Is there any other way of doing itp
Negative 42922 pI need to trigger an event e.g. hide a floating shopping cart when clicking on the background of the page page but this event not to occur when clicking inside content. So I need this event to occur on the space page minus content. How do I achieve it Thanksp  pIf I have this structurep  precodeltbodygt ltdiv idpagegt    ltdiv idcontentgt      here    ltdivgt ltdivgt ltbodygt  var outer jQuerypage jQueryouter.clickfunction   jQuerycosdecumparare.toggle  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to print text and images directly to the printer, without passing by the windows drivers. I must print this way, because this application is intended for serial needle printers, and if I try printing using the Graphics methodp  precodeText Print printPageEventArgs.Graphics.DrawString     printArray.ElementAti.Text,     printArray.ElementAti.Font,     Brushes.Black,     ClientRectangle,     stringFormat  Image Print printPageEventArgs.Graphics.DrawImage    printArray.ElementAti.Image,     printArray.ElementAti.StartPosX100Inch,     printArray.ElementAti.FinalStartPosY100Inch,     printArray.ElementAti.ImageWidth100Inch,     printArray.ElementAti.ImageHeight100Inch codepre  pthe printer takes forever to print anything. So Im using the printers DLL to write it directlyp  precodepublic static extern UInt32 PrtWriteIntPtr hPrt, byte[] pbWriteBuffer,      UInt32 nNumberOfBytesToWrite, ref UInt32 lpNumberOfBytesWritten codepre  pBut Im unable to convert the image to the correct byte format. Tried this conversions but none worked, all I get is garbled textp  precodeTEST 1 UInt32 dwNoOfBytesWritten  0 Image img  Image.FromFileczzz.jpg ImageConverter converter  new ImageConverter byte[] imageToPrint  byte[]converter.ConvertToimg, typeofbyte[] PrtWriteprinterPointer, imageToPrint, UInt32imageToPrint.Length,      ref dwNoOfBytesWritten  TEST 2 UInt32 dwNoOfBytesWritten  0 Image img  Image.FromFileczzz.jpg MemoryStream ms  new MemoryStream img.Savems, System.Drawing.Imaging.ImageFormat.Jpeg byte[] imageToPrint  ms.ToArray PrtWriteprinterPointer, imageToPrint, UInt32imageToPrint.Length,      ref dwNoOfBytesWritten codepre  pThis is an API for Wincor Nixdorf printers.p  pIn their SDK, the method is defined asp  precodeextern C declspecdllimport DWORD PrtWrite HANDLE hPRT,      LPBYTE pbWriteBuffer, DWORD dwLenWriteBuffer, LPDWORD pdwNoOfBytesWritten codepre  pAnd this is all Ive from their manualp  blockquote   pThe PrtWrite function writes nNumberOfBytesToWrite bytes of the   contents of pbWriteBuffer to the printer. The function can be used to   send data of any kind, normal print data as well as printer control   sequences.p      pPlease note that PrtWrite provides no character code mapping. So the   printout depends on the loaded character generator.p      phPrt  Handle to the printer returned by PrtOpen.p      ppbWriteBuffer  Pointer to the buffer containing the data to be   written to the printerp      pnNumberOfBytesToWrite  Specifies the number of bytes to write to the   printerp      plpNumberOfBytesWritten  Pointer to the variable that receives the   number of bytes writtenp blockquote
Negative 42922 pstrongThe taskstrong Open a window using Java SWT above all other windows imagine yourselves hitting Notepad , then after executing Notepad.exe , the window is opened above all other windows.p  pstrongThe problemstrong  Im using Java SWT for GUI , and each time that I open a window , the opened window appears beneath all other windows .p  pstrongGiven the code strong p  precode        Display display  new Display         shell  new Shelldisplay          shell.setSize750,750          Monitor primary  display.getPrimaryMonitor         Rectangle bounds  primary.getBounds         Rectangle rect  shell.getBounds          int x  bounds.x  bounds.width  rect.width  2         int y  bounds.y  bounds.height  rect.height  2          shell.setLocationx, y         roomColor  display.getSystemColorSWT.COLORDARKGREEN        wallColor  display.getSystemColorSWT.COLORRED        doorColor  display.getSystemColorSWT.COLORBLUE         shell.setTextMaze         createContentsshell,maze        shell.open         while shell.isDisposed                     if display.readAndDispatch                             display.sleep                              display.dispose      .... ....       public void createContentsShell shell,final MazeInterface maze                 FillLayout myLayout  new FillLayout         myLayout.type  SWT.VERTICAL          shell.setLayoutmyLayout         Canvas canvas  new Canvasshell,SWT.NONE         canvas.setSizeshell.getSize          canvas.addPaintListenernew PaintListener                        public void paintControlPaintEvent e                                    prepareMazeDrawinge,maze                                   codepre  pIve tried countless changes but the window is still opened under all other windows.p  pId appreciate your help  Regards,Ronp
Negative 42922 pWhat are three main drawbacks of storing text data in one large ASCII text file as compared to splitting it up to multiple files  If I do split up, could you suggest a heuristic to choose a threshold sizep
Negative 42922 pI have an app that allows users to sign a contract. The contract has 3 boxes that need to be autofilled with prices. The PDF will then need to be printed and emailed. p  pI already have created a view that allows for signature capture. It works by taking an CGImage of the view after the user signs obviously there is more to it than that. p  pI cant seem to figure out 2 thingsp  ol lipHow to autofill the boxes with pricespli lipEmbed the signature image with the PDF for printing. pli ol  pAny help would be much appreciated and as always, thank you for your time. p  hr  pCode to draw PDF filep  precodeifdocument          CGPDFPageRef page  CGPDFDocumentGetPagedocument, currentPage         CGContextRef ctx  UIGraphicsGetCurrentContext         CGContextSaveGStatectx         CGContextTranslateCTMctx, 0.0, [self bounds].size.height         CGContextScaleCTMctx, 1.0, 1.0         CGContextConcatCTMctx, CGPDFPageGetDrawingTransformpage, kCGPDFCropBox, [self bounds], 0, true         CGContextDrawPDFPagectx, page             CGContextRestoreGStatectx      codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a simple database that has the following relationp  pEach Question has one Questiontype strong3 different typsstrong , such as Questiontype1 , Questiontype2 , Questiontype3 p  pin Questiontype has questionidp  ul listrongQuestion.rbstrong Model    li ul  blockquote   pclass Question lt ActiveRecordBase         belongsto questiontype1          belongsto questiontype2          belongsto questiontype3       endp blockquote  ul listrongQuestiontype1.rbstrong Modelli ul  blockquote   pclass Questiontype1 lt ActiveRecordBase   hasmany questions ,   foreignkey  questionid endp blockquote  ul listrongshow.json.rablstrong I used Rablli ul  blockquote   pobject question attributes id  child questiontype1    questiontype1 do   attributes id endp blockquote  pHowever, when I get child from Questiontype1 , strongresult is nullstrongp  pCan I solve this problem p  pSorry for my English , Thank you.p
Negative 42922 pI have written the following function for setting a cookie.Here .domain holds domain name .p  precode function cookiename,value,lifeTime,path,domain,securelifetime in hours         iftypeof name  undefined   name                 alertERROR n Name of the cookie is not passed n             return false                   iftypeof value  undefined              alertERROR n Value of the cookie name is not passed n             return false                  var c  name escapevalue              iftypeof lifeTime  undefinedampamplifeTime                  var life  new Date                lifeTimelt1ampamplifeTimegt0life.setMinuteslife.getMinuteslifeTime60life.setHourslife.getHourslifeTime                life  life.toUTCString                cexpireslife                  else lifeTime  Unspecified          iftypeof domain  undefined ampamp  domain                   c domaindomain         else              domain  .domain         ifsecure  1             c  securesecuresecure          else                          secure  0         iftypeof path  undefined ampamp path                c  pathpath         else                         path           document.cookie  c         this.name  name         this.value  value         this.life  lifeTime         this.domain  domain         this.secure secure         this.path  path         if.COOKIE           .COOKIE           iflifeTimelt0                         var t             ift  .COOKIE[name]                              delete t.name                 delete t.value                 delete t.life                 delete t.domain                 delete t.secure                 delete t.path                 delete .COOKIE[name]                               else         .COOKIE[name]  this          return this                 var a  new cookiea2,6,1,.scripts, codepre  p.COOKIE holds all the cookies set by the domain.. scripts is a directory in my root directory..    After a is created ,i viewed the cookie in Google chrome,But the path is not set.It is set to my  directory .Why is this happeningp
Negative 42922 pMy assignment is to find the greatest product from two five digits number found in a huge character array.p  pYou have to do it by brute force.p  pThe largest 5 digit number found in the array is 99890, so the largest product is simply that times itself which is 9978012100, but I cannot seem to get that answer, and in fact I get an answer larger than that when I run the program.p  pMy program works when I change the program to look for the largest 4 digit number product, but it falls apart when I look for 5. Im wondering if the numbers are just getting too big for my crappy IDE or something.p  pCould someone compile and run the following code in gcc and tell me what the answer they get is It would be much appreciated.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  int main void  char array[1001]  73167176531330624919225119674426574742355349194934 96983520312774506326239578318016984801869478851843 85861560789112949495459501737958331952853208805511 12540698747158523863050715693290963295227443043557 66896648950445244523161731856403098711121722383113 62229893423380308135336276614282806444486645238749 30358907296290491560440772390713810515859307960866 70172427121883998797908792274921901699720888093776 65727333001053367881220235421809751254540594752243 52584907711670556013604839586446706324415722155397 53697817977846174064955149290862569321978468622482 83972241375657056057490261407972968652414535100474 82166370484403199890008895243450658541227588666881 16427171479924442928230863465674813919123162824586 17866458359124566529476545682848912883142607690042 24219022671055626321111109370544217506941658960408 07198403850962455444362981230987879927244284909188 84580156166097919133875499200524063689912560717606 05886116467109405077541002256983155200055935729725 71636269561882670428252483600823257530420752963450  char aptr, bptr char string[6] int i, j int aNumber, bNumber long long greatestProd, prodHolder  aptr  amparray[0] bptr  amparray[0]  for i0 ilt996 i     aptr  amparray[i]     strncpystring, aptr, 5     aNumber  atoistring      for j0 jlt996 j         bptr  amparray[j]         strncpystring, bptr, 5         bNumber  atoistring           prodHolder  aNumber  bNumber         if prodHolder gt greatestProd             greatestProd  prodHolder                  printfdn, greatestProd   return 0  codepre
Negative 42922 pI need a Messaging system to be accessible to remote distributed clients over the Internet. It needs to be secure and encrypted SSL.  Does RabbitMQ support this natively or will I need to use a WCF Wrapper Both the Server and the Clients are .Net on Windows.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to include a login username  password in the header of my application.html.erb. I am getting this error p  precodeMissing partial login with handlersgt[rjs, builder, rhtml, erb, rxml], localegt[en, en], formatsgt[html] in view paths appviews codepre  pThis is happening when I make this call in my application.html.erbp  precodelt render login gt codepre  plogin is defined in my routes.rb asp  precodematch login gt sessionsnew, as gt login  codepre  pUPDATE here is my sessions controllerp  precodeclass SessionsController lt ApplicationController    def create      if user  User.authenticateparams[email], params[password]         session[userid]  user.id         user.lastlogin  Time.now         user.save         redirectto rootpath, notice gt login successful       else          flash.now[alert]  invalid login  password combination   dont show pass  params[password]         render action gt new         redirectto loginpath, notice gt wrong user pass       end   end    def destroy      resetsession       redirectto rootpath, notice gt successfully logged out   end  end codepre  pI have seen in other posts that this can be due to not defining a variable in a controller action, but since this is a session, and it is in the application.html.erb applicationcontroller.rb, Im not sure how to do this. Anybody know how to do this Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI found in the manual where to give all the documentids that needs replication. but that looks too tedious.p  pSuppose that I have some indicator of when I last replicated, and I want to replicate next time from that point and on.p  pOr  I want to replicate to a second database only part of the data.p  pWhat ways do I have, except for specifying every single docidp
Negative 42922 pThis might be a stupid question, but I inserted a webview in a scroll view, and unfortunately both the scrollview and the webview dont move fluently when touched like in Safari. How can I solve this problem Is there any way to make them scroll and zoom more fluently Sorry for my spelling but Im not [a native English speaker]. Thanks.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to implement a hotswap mechanism for a static java typed template engine. I follow the same approach used by PlayFramework to reload application classes. However I always get the following errorp  precodeCaused by java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException class redefinition failed attempted to change the schema addremove fields         at sun.instrument.InstrumentationImpl.redefineClasses0Native Method         at sun.instrument.InstrumentationImpl.redefineClassesInstrumentationImpl.java150         at play.classloading.HotswapAgent.reloadHotswapAgent.java21         at com.greenlaw110.rythm.play.RythmPlugin5.reloadRythmPlugin.java226         at com.greenlaw110.rythm.internal.compiler.TemplateClassLoader.detectChangeTemplateClassLoader.java335         ... 19 more codepre  pAnyone has any idea how play can survive this issuep
Negative 42922 h1The Applicationh1  pIn PHP, I will output some initial views so web crawlers can scrape my sitep  precode   cool view 1        cool view 2        cool view 3        Load more         codepre  pJavascript also needs to dynamically generate the same views. When a user hits the load more button, it does an AJAX to the server and attaches the result to the pagep  precode   cool view 1        cool view 2        cool view 3        cool view 4        cool view 5        cool view 6        Load more         codepre  h1Current Implementationh1  pCurrently, my PHP views and JS views are written separately. Heres an example of loading a hypothetical PHP view using the a hrefhttpcodeigniter.com relnofollowCodeIgnitera framework.p  pstrongview.phpstrongp  precodeltphp ltdivgt     ltspangtcool viewltspangt     ltspangtltidgtltspangt ltdivgt gt codepre  pstrongcontroller.phpstrongp  precodethisgtloadgtview     view,      arrayid gt 999  codepre  pAnd heres an example of the AJAX to load the hypothetical views with the a hrefhttpprototypejs.org relnofollowPrototypea framework.p  pstrongajax.phpstrongp  precodeecho jsonencode     arrayid gt random  codepre  pstrongview.jsstrongp  precodeMyView  Class.create     initialize functionid          var div  new Elementdiv         var span0  new Elementspan.updatecool view         var span1  new Elementspan.updateid         div.appendChildspan0         div.appendChildspan1          return div       codepre  pstrongcontroller.jsstrongp  precodenew Ajax.Request     index.phpsomeControllersomeMethod,          onSuccess functiontransport              var response  transport.responseText.evalJSON             viewsContainer.appendChild                 new MyViewresponse.id                             codepre  h1Need a Cleaner Solutionh1  pI need a way to share the HTML template across PHP and JS without rewriting everything. In my actual project, I have dozens of views. Duplicating the view code in PHP and JS seems hard to maintain. I didnt go with the cheap route of PHP printing out straight HTML to AJAX because 1 theres extra size overhead to include the HTML tags, 2 its not client agnostic  that is, a nonbrowser client would not be able to understand the output, and 3 it doesnt allow JS to cleanly attach listeners on subviews within the view.p
Negative 42922 pHow can I send a custom response upon a custom request on a xamppwamp  based Apache server upon a connection to a specific portp  pIm trying to reply to the 0 a flash app is requesting in order to allow a crossdomain http GET request.p  pThe flash policy request, is made to port 843 by default and id like to keep it that way.p  pThe port should get a 0 ending with a null char,0 is just for the reference and replying with something likep  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltDOCTYPE crossdomainpolicy SYSTEM xmldtdscrossdomainpolicy.dtdgt     ltcrossdomainpolicygt         ltsitecontrol permittedcrossdomainpoliciesmasteronlygt         ltallowhttprequestheadersfrom domain headers securetrue gt       ltallowaccessfrom domain toports gt     ltcrossdomainpolicygt codepre  pAs far as i know, the request should be return as a plain text, although Contenttype, might be needed as well.p  pIve tried using the following a hrefhttpsocketpolicyserver.com relnofollowhttpsocketpolicyserver.coma and although it listens to the port and accepts connections, it doesnt reply with the specified xml upon request.p  pAny methods  ways of achieving a proper reply will be appreciated,p  pwith regards,p  pMike.p  pUPDATEp  pI wrote a simple C web server which listens to port 843, and serves the aforementioned policy  it worked out just fine, however, when using a SecureSocket connection for a secure connection i.e opening a socket to a HTTPSSSL protocol  the request that is sent is encrypted using the hosts certificate. As far as i know, theres no way of listening or acquiring the servers certificate and decrypting the data via an external app hence, the only way is to somehow teach Apache to respond with the crossdomain policy after a proper request is sent via an appropriate port.p  pAnother idea i have is to read the servers certificate file stored in the Apache directory regardless of what happens on the server itself, though imo its an overkill.p  pWould love to hear your comments,p  pMike. p
Negative 42922 pI am creating a file using open function and using OCREAT  OEXCEL . I have passed the mode as 0666 . But by masking finally the permission allotted to it is rwrr and not the  rwrwrw . Someone told me i can use umask 011 and then reset the original mask again . But i dont know how to pass this in c program. This is the small snippet of What i am doing .p  precode    include ltiostreamgt     include ltstdio.hgt     include ltconio.hgt    include ltsystypes.hgt    include ltsysstat.hgt    include ltfcntl.hgt     using namespace std     int main         int fd  openCUsersRiteshMusicmusic.txt, OCREAT  OEXCL, 0666        getch     return 0        codepre  pcreates file codeCUsersRiteshMusicmusic.txt with permission rwrr .code I want it to be coderwrwrwcodep
Negative 42922 pIm trying to convert an xml to sqlite and get a weird errorp  precodeTraceback most recent call last File CTempxxxscriptsxmltodb.py, line 212, in ltmodulegt  win  Testa File CTempxxxscriptsxmltodb.py, line 20, in init self.testdb File CTempxxxscriptsxmltodb.py, line 133, in testdb row  connection.executetid File CTempPortablePythonApplibsitepackagessqlalchemyenginebase.py, line 1405, in execute  params File CTempPortablePythonApplibsitepackagessqlalchemyenginebase.py, line 1538, in executeclause element compiledsql, distilledparams File CTempPortablePythonApplibsitepackagessqlalchemyenginebase.py, line 1646, in executecontext  context File CTempPortablePythonApplibsitepackagessqlalchemyenginebase.py, line 1639, in executecontext  context File CTempPortablePythonApplibsitepackagessqlalchemyenginedefault.py, line 330, in doexecute cursor.executestatement, parameters InterfaceError InterfaceError Error binding parameter 0  probably unsupported type. uSELECT temperatures.id nFROM temperatures nWHERE temperatures.temperature   50, codepre  pwhere line 130 corresponds to p  precodetid  select[tbtemperatures.c.id], tbtemperatures.c.temperature  temp codepre  pHeres the whole code p  precodedef testdbself     dbfile  CTempxxxdataxxxdb.sqlite      fileQFiledbfile     if file.exists         file.remove      db  createenginesqlite  dbfile     connection  db.connect      metadata  MetaData      tbmaterials  Tablematerials, metadata,         Columnid, Integer, primarykeyTrue,         Columnmaterial, String               tbtemperatures  Tabletemperatures, metadata,         Columnid, Integer, primarykeyTrue,         Columntemperature, String               tbmatdata  Tablematdata, metadata,         Columnid, Integer, primarykeyTrue,         Columnmatid, None, ForeignKeymaterials.id, onupdateCASCADE, ondeleteCASCADE,         Columntempid, None, ForeignKeytemperatures.id, onupdateCASCADE, ondeleteCASCADE,         Columndensity, String,         Columnelasticity, String,         Columnstress, String               autoassignmetadata, db     metadata.createalldb      for m in [SS 316]         data  tbmaterials.insert.valuesmaterial  m         connection.executedata      for t in [25, 38, 50, 150]         data  tbtemperatures.insert.valuestemperature  t         connection.executedata      materials  [SS 316]     for material in materials         mid  select[tbmaterials.c.id], tbmaterials.c.material  material         row  connection.executemid         data  row.fetchone         midkey  data[0]         temps  [25, 38, 50, 150]         for temp in temps             QMessageBox.aboutself,,temp             tid  select[tbtemperatures.c.id], tbtemperatures.c.temperature  temp             row  connection.executetid             data  row.fetchone             tidkey  data[0]             z  tbmatdata.insert.valuesmatid  midkey, tempid  tidkey             connection.executez      connection.close     quit codepre  pwhich crashes at the 3rd value of temp  50.p  pIm totally puzzled and cant find whats wrong with it.p
Negative 42922 pNot a big deal but for neatness sake is there any way to create and open a codeSqlConnectioncodep  pI naively wrote this codep  precodeusing var strConnection  new SqlConnectionsourceConnection using var strCommand  new SqlCommandquery, strConnection using var reader  strCommand.ExecuteReader      ...  codepre  pWhich of course fails on line 3 because the connection isnt open.br Is there a neat way to avoid that nesting that opening the connection introducesp  precodeusing var strConnection  new SqlConnectionsourceConnection      strConnection.Open     using var strCommand  new SqlCommandquery, strConnection     using var reader  strCommand.ExecuteReader              ...       codepre
Negative 42922 pGiven a list of codencode comparable elements say numbers or string, the optimal algorithm to find the codeicodeth ordered element takes codeOncode time.p  pDoes Python implement natively codeOncode time order statistics for lists, dicts, sets, ...p
Negative 42922 pI need my site to be able to resize and crop an image based on the viewport on a browser. Ive so far managed to dynamically resize it with an imagemap, but cant seem to crop it dynamically. Id like it to crop and scale simultaneously without distorting an image. The image Im using is 1920x1080 which is far bigger than most browsers so cropping the edges while scaling would make it appear similar on different browsers.p
Negative 42922 pI have a facebook canvas app setup with width and height as fluid in the Advanced app settings.p  pWhat I need to achieve is to set the height of my canvas app equal to the height of the Facebook sidebarside pane where all the FB adds and links appear.  Currently the canvas app is set to fluid which sets the height of the app equal to the view area, so what happens is the FB sidebar is bit taller than the view area and scrolls the page by default and hence creates space below my canvas app.p  pI have tried setting the height to fixed but then it removes the scroll baradds overflow hidden to the iframe from the iframe which is not desirable as the app contains content which exceeds the fixed height.p  pCheck this for better understanding a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netv2QKN5 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netv2QKN5ap
Negative 42922 pThe user want to buy letssay 30 items, is there other way than make the for loopp  phow can i make 30 insertsp  precodepublic function buyitemid      price  thisgtinputgtpostprice     amount  thisgtinputgtpostamount     sum  thisgtinputgtpostsum     price  intvalprice     amount  intvalamount     sum  intvalsum      ifisnumericprice  isnumericamount  isnumericsum              exit          return false           ifemptySESSION[id]              userid  SESSION[id]          else              echo not logged         exit          q  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT  FROM users WHERE id  .userid     t  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT  FROM items WHERE id  .itemid. AND      TODAYSend  TODAYSnow gt 0     ifthisgtdbgtaffectedrows  0              user  qgtresultarray         item  tgtresultarray         active  user[0][active]         userid  user[0][id]         money  user[0][money]         price  item[0][price]         boughttimes  item[0][boughttimes]         coupons  item[0][coupons]         discount  item[0][discount]         shortdesc  item[0][shortdesc]         status            echo coupons         exit         fori  0 i lt amount i                      ifcoupons lt 0  amount gt coupons                              status  out of coupons                 break                           ifmoney gt price                              money  money  price                 thisgtdbgtqueryINSERT INTO useritems discount, shortdesc, userid                  VALUES.discount., .shortdesc., .userid.                 thisgtdbgtqueryUPDATE users SET money  .money. WHERE id  .userid                 coupons  1                 thisgtdbgtqueryUPDATE items SET coupons  .coupons. WHERE id  .itemid                 q  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT  FROM users WHERE id  .userid                 user  qgtresultarray                 money  user[0][money]                 SESSION[money]  money                 status  buy successfull                 redirect                          else                                               status  not enough money                 break                                 switchstatus                      case out of coupons             echo out of coupons             break              case buy successfull             boughttimes  1             thisgtdbgtqueryUPDATE items SET boughttimes  .boughttimes. WHERE id  .itemid             echo buy successfull             break              case not enough money             echo not enough money             break                  foreachqgtresultarray as u                      SESSION[id]  u[0]gtid             SESSION[email]  u[0]gtemail             redirect                   return trolol          else              echo out of time          echo userid  codepre  pthis is the controller that ajax requests, in my local machine all its okey, but in the hosting its gives an error.p  pi need to subtract money and subtract coupons and insert row depends of the users amountp  pcan you give me an advice about this codep
Negative 42922 pI am trying to use multiple emulators for the same project and running into difficulty. I am a total beginner to Android. Is it possible to use an avd emulator for part of a project i.e. multiple activites and to then switch to a google maps emulator to show a map bases on some user input Im aware that I could just use the google maps emulator and design using map overlays but is there a way to use two emulators at oncep
Negative 42922 pIm working on an ordered list. With a background image on it. What Id like to do is have the number 1, 2 etc. Sitting on top of the background image. With a suitable padding between the image and the list items.p  pAn example of my work is a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netKnMhS relnofollowHereap  pThanks on this one.p  pCheersp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to come up with the best way of doing some kind of switch style selection on a double to find out what range it is in.  Something like thisp  precodedouble a  1.1 switcha  case 0.0, 1.6  return 1 case 1.6, 2.337  return 2 case 2.337, 3.2974  return 3 default   return 1  codepre  pObviously in this example, one value in the range would have to be noninclusive, but you get my drift.  Any Ideasp  pEdit, the ranges are not necessarily integral.p  pEDIT 2 Im actually dealing with radians and finding out which of 12 ranges a point is in.  I ended up doing thisp  precodedouble pi  Math.PI double[] zones  new double[]          0, pi6, pi3, pi2,         2pi3, 5pi6, pi, 7pi6,         4pi3, 3pi2, 5pi3, 11pi6       for int i  0 i lt 11 i      if radians gt zones[i] ampamp radians lt zones[i  1]              return i  1       codepre  pI started to do an binary search type ifelse, but it was going to get too messy.p
Negative 42922 pI have a PHP page on production which displays the data from MySQL in XML format. I deleted the data from the database. But it still displays the old XML data from yesterday. I just entered a new record but still display the data from yesterday. I  am using the following code to clear the cache but didnt work. I am stuck with this issue. Please let me know if there are any suggestions. Thanks for your help.p  precodeheaderCacheControl nocache, mustrevalidate  HTTP1.1 headerExpires Sat, 26 Jul 1997 050000 GMT  Date in the past codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to handle all serverside errors with jQuery on client side. For this purpose a create axception handling attrbute for my MVC3 application like thisp  precodepublic class JsonErrorHandlerAttribute  HandleErrorAttribute      public override void OnExceptionExceptionContext filterContext              filterContext.ExceptionHandled  true         JavaScriptSerializer jsSerializer  new JavaScriptSerializer         string result  jsSerializer.Serializenew  error  filterContext.Exception.Message          filterContext.HttpContext.Response.Writeresult       codepre  pBut with this approach it just returns normal json response with 200 OK result. A dont want to parse it on client side to determine if it has an error or not. So my question is what is the best way to throw an ajax errorp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to compile an example code where I added a new file under a new directory but I keep getting a dependency problem. I have added a file ipc.c under interface. I have added the source file to srcs and also added the directory with Iinterface. The Makefile looks as followsp  precode   Makefile     include ..products.mak   srcs  mainhost.c interfaceipc.c   objs  addprefix binPROFILEobj,patsubst .c,.oSUFFIX,srcs libs  SYSLINKINSTALLDIRpackagestisyslinklibsyslink.aPROFILE    MAKEVARS   SYSLINKINSTALLDIRSYSLINKINSTALLDIR  PKGPATHPKGPATH  all ECHO  ECHO  Making  ... MAKE MAKEVARS PROFILEdebug SUFFIXv5T togs2host MAKE MAKEVARS PROFILErelease SUFFIXv5T togs2host  install ECHO  ECHO  Making  ... MKDIR INSTALLDIRdebug CP bindebugtogs2host INSTALLDIRdebug MKDIR INSTALLDIRrelease CP binreleasetogs2host INSTALLDIRrelease  clean RMDIR bin         rules   togs2host binPROFILEtogs2host binPROFILEtogs2host objs libs ECHO  ECHO  Making  ... LD LDFLAGS o   LDLIBS    binPROFILEobj.oSUFFIX .h binPROFILEobj.oSUFFIX .c ECHO  ECHO  Making  ... CC CPPFLAGS CFLAGS o  lt     create output directories  ifneq clean,MAKECMDGOALS ifneq ,PROFILE ifeq ,wildcard binPROFILE shell MKDIR p binPROFILE endif ifeq ,wildcard binPROFILEobj shell MKDIR p binPROFILEobj endif endif endif    install validation  ifeq install,MAKECMDGOALS ifeq ,INSTALLDIR error must specify INSTALLDIR endif endif    toolchain macros  ifeq v5T,SUFFIX CC  CSARMINSTALLDIRgcc c MD MF .dep marcharmv5t AR  CSARMINSTALLDIRar cr LD  CSARMINSTALLDIRgcc  CPPFLAGS  DREENTRANT DxdctargetnameGCArmv5T  Dxdctargettypesgnutargetsarmstd.h  CFLAGS  Wall ffloatstore fPIC Wunused Dfar CCPROFILEPROFILE  I. Iinterface addprefix I,subst , ,PKGPATH   LDFLAGS  LDPROFILEPROFILE Wall Wl,Map.map LDLIBS  lpthread lc  CCPROFILEdebug  ggdb D DEBUG CCPROFILErelease  O3 D NDEBUG  LDPROFILEdebug  ggdb LDPROFILErelease  O3 endif codepre  pI keep getting this error fatal error opening dependency file bindebugobjinterfaceipc.ov5T.dep No such file or directoryp  pThis is how the the products.mak looks likep  precode    products.mak    DEPOT  opt  BIOSINSTALLDIR         DEPOTbios6330125 IPCINSTALLDIR          DEPOTtiipc1230540 SYSLINKINSTALLDIR      DEPOTsyslink2100217 TIC6XINSTALLDIR       DEPOTticcsv5toolscompilerc6000 CSARMINSTALLDIR       DEPOTCodeSourcerySourceryGLitebinarmnonelinuxgnueabi XDCINSTALLDIR          DEPOTxdctools3230032   PKGPATH  SYSLINKINSTALLDIRpackages PKGPATH  PKGPATHBIOSINSTALLDIRpackages PKGPATH  PKGPATHIPCINSTALLDIRpackages PKGPATH  PKGPATHXDCINSTALLDIRpackages PKGPATH  PKGPATH    Use this goal to print your product variables. .showproducts     echo BIOSINSTALLDIR          BIOSINSTALLDIR     echo IPCINSTALLDIR           IPCINSTALLDIR     echo SYSLINKINSTALLDIR       SYSLINKINSTALLDIR     echo TIARMINSTALLDIR        TIARMINSTALLDIR     echo TIC6XINSTALLDIR        TIC6XINSTALLDIR     echo CSARMINSTALLDIR        CSARMINSTALLDIR     echo XDCINSTALLDIR           XDCINSTALLDIR      standard macros  ifneq ,wildcard XDCINSTALLDIRbinecho.exe      use these on Windows     CP       XDCINSTALLDIRbincp     ECHO     XDCINSTALLDIRbinecho     MKDIR    XDCINSTALLDIRbinmkdir p     RM       XDCINSTALLDIRbinrm f     RMDIR    XDCINSTALLDIRbinrm rf else      use these on Linux     CP       cp     ECHO     echo     MKDIR    mkdir p     RM       rm f     RMDIR    rm rf endif codepre  pIm not understanding the Makefile completely as its a code example Im simply expanding.p  pAny help would be most helpful.p  pRolf Cdltdp
Negative 42922 pIve tried quite a few answers but keep coming up against the good ol, 404 wall of terror. Im on Windows 7 using a xamp stack. modrewrite is enabled.p  pI put the htaccess file in the main codeigniter directory, that is, the directory with application, system and userguide. Should I put it under the application directory instead The one with the viewsmodelconfigetc.p  pHere is my current .htaccess filep  precodeRewriteEngine On   Put your installation directory here  If your URL is www.example.com, use   If your URL is www.example.comsitefolder, use sitefolder  RewriteBase websitecodeigniter   Do not enable rewriting for files or directories that exist RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d   For reuests that are not actual files or directories,  Rewrite to index.phpURL RewriteRule . index.php0 [PT]  codepre  pAccessing a hrefhttplocalhostwebsitecodeigniterindex.phpwelcome relnofollowhttplocalhostwebsitecodeigniterindex.phpwelcomea works Accessing a hrefhttplocalhostwebsitecodeigniterwelcome relnofollowhttplocalhostwebsitecodeigniterwelcomea does notp  pMy config.php hasp  precodeconfig[baseurl]  httplocalhostwebsitecodeigniter config[indexpage]   codepre  pAny help greatly appreciatedp  pThe error isp  precodeObject not found  The requested URL was not found on this server. If you entered the URL manually please check your spelling and try again.  Error 404 codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrong Oh, just thought about looking in apache logs, getting this errorp  precode[Thu Mar 08 182825 2012] [error] [client 1] File does not exist Cxampphtdocswebsitecodeigniterwelcome codepre  pSo it appears not to be picking up the proper codeigniter redirection Not surep
Negative 42922 pIm developing an web HTML5 application for the iPhone and Im stuck at a rather wierd situation. I need to cache the whole thing for offline usage and thats fine, but the thing is, when you are online later it still uses the cache version. I need the app to use the online version instead of the cached version when it can, but I dont manage to find any info on doing that.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI have an AndroidiPhone apps that share the same cpp core engine. I want to use the same cpp core engine in the web app in some way.p  pI wonder what are my options What is the best approachp
Negative 42922 pI need to make chat application for android. I thought of using PHP script to implement the chat application. Basic idea is to send message form android client to PHP script and making use of PHP script send the messages to the MySQL database. These messages will be broadcasting to other people. But the problem is auto broadcasting messages to other people. Is there a way to do this using android and phpp
Negative 42922 pI have an ASP.NET site using role based security via the SQLMemberShipProvder.p  pstrongIs it possible to provide internet access to SSRS reports using my existing MembershipProvider rolesstrongp  pFor example, if I have a role SupportPersonRole, can I allow only people in that role to use certain reportsp  pThe docs say SQL 2008 R2 uses basic auth to the local security authority.  However if SSRS can only present its own basic auth login for SSRS content, Im not sure how I would get a chance to authorize using the MembershipProvider roles.p  pThe ASP.Net page needs to handle report parameter prompting so it seems this implies remote mode is appropriate to get this functionality.p  pThe confusing part is SSRS in remote mode has its own role security credentials, which are separate from ASP.Net role based security. So how do you avoid managing security in both placesp
Negative 42922 pI am curious on the way Spring is able to bind together an application just in simple terms of course. In a standalone Java application you bootstrap the application with a lookup then Spring instantiates and binds the objects together DI. p  pIf you for example have a codeforcode loop where you dont know the number of iterations user input would you use the dependency lookup method inside the loop body And would you implement the BeanFactoryAware interface in this case Or do you make the object by using codenewcode keywordp  pJust an thing that came to my mind while reading.p
Negative 42922 pI have a thread containing a runnable. I need this to loop infinitely unless cancelled by the user. I have no idea how to go about this. All help is greatly appreciated. Cheers.p
Negative 42922 pI have two threads communicating via DatagramSockets. I would now like a third thread to be able to listen to the communication.  After reading a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comjavasetutorialnetworkingdatagramsbroadcasting.html relnofollowBroadcasting to Multiple Recipientsa it seems that two MulticastSockets on the third thread is what Im looking for.  p  pHowever, I get a java.net.BindException Address already in use Cannot bind error when trying to bind the MulticastSockets to the same ports that the DatagramSockets are using in the first two threads.p
Negative 42922 pI am looking for a quick and easy way to store variables in a text file, rather than use amfphp to connect to a database all I need to do is increment values every time a button is clicked . p  pWould be better if all the vars were in the same text file but if I have to have one per var that would be ok.p
Negative 42922 pI am converting a MFC C COM Addin to a VSTO Excel Addin in C .NET4.0. There is a lot of code referring to the C API in it. Here is an example. I am possibly going to use Excel DNA to simplify my conversion task.p  pFYI xlr is a class in the XLSDK.p  precodeallocate local storage for the reference mpControllerReference  new xlr controllerRange    get the name of the book and sheet with the reference    ggtExcel.fn xlSheetNm, mpControllerReference        if  ggtExcel.resultXltype  xltypeErr             mreferenceSheetName  ggtExcel.resultCString       and get the sheet ID        ggtExcel.fn xlSheetId, xlmreferenceSheetName            if  ggtExcel.resultXltype  xltypeErr                     mcontrollerSheetId  ggtExcel.resultSheetId              xlr theRange mpControllerReferencegtGetLPXLOPER, 0, TRUE               iftheRange.nRows gt6             ........etc codepre  pDoes this convert like thisp  precode          mpControllerReference  Excel.RangecontrollerRange            mreferenceSheetName  stringXlCall.ExcelXlCall.xlSheetNm, mpControllerReference             mcontrollerSheetId   XlCall.ExcelXlCall.xlSheetId, mreferenceSheetName     and get the sheet ID            how to convert this            xlr theRange mpControllerReferencegtGetLPXLOPER, 0, TRUE   codepre  pOr is there a better way of converting without resorting to a 3rd party utility Can I do everything in VSTO Is there a chart somewhere of C API to C conversionsp
Negative 42922 pi am currently working on a page and I am working on the Settings area title,background color,tags,description and more.p  pSo i can edit them fast on my admin panel.p  pCurrently I am thinking about a table with namevalue and call it on my includedon every page header file.p  pNow if someday I get more user then i except this would basicly do a query for most of the time day old datatitle and other setting dont change everydayp  pSo i thought about this.p  ul lipI would only rarely change settings monthly maxpli lipMaybe call a function fetchsettings whenever i submit the form on my admin panel to change some settings who basicly deletes the content of the settings.php file and paste the new settings in an array array with namevalue pli ul  pWhy would i do something like thisp  pI am quiet new in the php world, but i heard that settings and variables could be cached and this would prevent a query for each visit and only do a query for each time i edit something on my admin panel.p  pcheers,p  psarrop
Negative 42922 pI need a simple system that allows one process to check if another process is running I think I can do that fine using Process.getProcessByName or similar and then trigger an event in that process assuming it is.p  pWhen I say trigger an event I do not mean that literally. I simply need to trigger a sub in the first process from the second.p  pI know that IPC like this would normally be done with pipes or remoting or something like that but I have no experience with these and am looking for a quick solution, so unless these can be used relatively easily to solve this I am looking for an alternative.p  pIf this is not clear in any way then I will add detail.p  pstrongEDITstrong Both processes will be running on the same machine.p  pThanks for your help,p  pSam.p
Negative 42922 pI am using the cookbook article from symfony.com to implement a file upload option for images.p  pNow I want to load up other images to the entity.p  pThe default strategy for editing is  1. Fetch out of DB  2. Inject into Form  3. Persistp  pSomehow this strategy doesnt work anymore when using file uploads doctrine doesnt execute the eventsp  pWhat else could I do to make the articles with picture editablep
Negative 42922 pI need to use a plist from an existing iOS app in my android project. How can I realize that Ive already searched for a solution and found different parsers. But what is that Are that programs or are they used in code Would be happy if someone has a tutorial for converting a plist to xml.p
Negative 42922 pWCF gurus,p  pyou probably already know the answer I cannot find ... p  plets say I have some web service WCF and a client application based on curl library. strongSometimesstrong on the server site I got the strange errorp  blockquote   pThe OperationFormatter could not deserialize any information from the Message because the Message is empty IsEmpty  true.   System.Runtime.Serialization.SerializationException The OperationFormatter could not deserialize any information from the Message because the Message is empty IsEmpty  true.   Source System.ServiceModel   Stack trace   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.PrimitiveOperationFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage message, Object[] parameters   Rethrown as    System.ServiceModel.CommunicationException Error in deserializing body of request message for operation .... The OperationFormatter could not deserialize any information from the Message because the Message is empty IsEmpty  true.   Source System.ServiceModel   Stack trace   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.PrimitiveOperationFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage message, Object[] parameters   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DemultiplexingDispatchMessageFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage message, Object[] parameters   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.UriTemplateDispatchFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage message, Object[] parameters   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.CompositeDispatchFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage message, Object[] parameters   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DispatchOperationRuntime.DeserializeInputsMessageRpcamp rpc   at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DispatchOperationRuntime.InvokeBeginMessageRpcamp rpc   ...p blockquote  pOn the client site I see in the log that a client sends a request and the request is not empty has some body but I would like to verify that WCF receives this request from the wire. How can I do that  Ideally I would log an incoming request raw bytes in the error handler like System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.IErrorHandler, otherwise collect the data somewhere and then log them while the error happens some kind of lowlevel http traffic proxy on the server side.p  pAnother solution could be install Wireshark on the server site but I prefer avoid it because it happens on customer site and I do not have any access to her machine.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pThis is a followup to my first question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9982577Porting SQL export to TSQLa. p  pI am working with a 3rd party program that I have no control over and I can not change. This program will export its internal database in to a set of code.sqlcode each one with a format ofp  precodeINSERT INTO [ExampleDB]  [IntField] , [VarcharField], [BinaryField] VALUES 1 , Some Text , 0x123456, 2 , B , NULL, SNIP, it does this for 1000 records 999, E , null 1000 , F , null  INSERT INTO [ExampleDB]  [IntField] ,  [VarcharField] , BinaryField VALUES 1001 , asdg, null, 1002 , asdf , 0xdeadbeef, 1003 , dfghdfhg , null, 1004 , sfdhsdhdshd , null, SNIP 1000 more lines codepre  pThis pattern continues till the code.sqlcode file has reached a file size set during the export, the export files are grouped by codeEXPORTPATHTableNameExport.sqlcode Where the  is a counter starting at 1.p  pCurrently I have about 1.3GB data and I have it exporting in 1MB chunks 1407 files across 26 tables, All but 5 tables only have one file, the largest table has 207 files.p  pRight now I just have a simple C program that reads each file in to ram then calls a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.data.sqlclient.sqlcommand.executenonquery.aspx relnofollowExecuteNonQuerya. The issue is I am averaging 60 secfile which means it will take about 23 hrs for it to do the entire export.p  pI assume if I some how could format the files to be loaded with a BULK INSERT instead of a INSERT INTO it could go much faster. Is there any easy way to do this or do I have to write some kind of Find amp Replace and keep my fingers crossed that it does not fail on some corner case and blow up my data.p  pAny other suggestions on how to speed up the insert into would also be appreciated.p  hr  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI ended up going with the a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10013197parse and do a SqlBulkCopy methoda. It went from 1 filemin. to 1 filesec.p
Negative 42922 pIn Drupal 7 a hrefhttpapi.drupal.orgapidrupalmodulesblockblock.api.phpfunctionhookblockconfigure7 relnofollowhookblockconfigurea and a hrefhttpapi.drupal.orgapidrupalmodulesblockblock.api.phpfunctionhookblocksave7 relnofollowhookblocksavea provide a method to modify a blocks settings and save these values. p  pBut how would I carry out validation on the form before saving the valuesp
Negative 42922 pI need to do mimic the functionality of the following Perl codep  precodeiffile  [][]MAd4dddddddddd.MA    my radar, beam, year, month, day, hour, min, sec        1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8   my filets  sprintf04d02d02d 02d02d02d,       year, month, day, hour, min, sec     ...  codepre  pin C. Which function do I use for itp
Negative 42922 pSo say I have some classes X, Y and Z using SQLAlchemy declarative syntax to define some simple columns and relationshipsp  pRequirementsp  ol lipAt the class level, codeXYZ.primarykeyscode returns a collection ofbr the respective class primary keys codeInstrumentedAttributecode objects    I also want codeXYZ.relationscode to reference the class relations in    the same waypli lipAt the instance level, I would like the same attributes to reference those attributes instantiated values, whether theyve    been populated    using my own constructors, individual attributesbr setters, or whatever    SQLAlchemy does when it retrieves rows from  the db.pli ol  pSo far I have the following.p  precodeimport collections  import sqlalchemy import sqlalchemy.ext.declarative from sqlalchemy import MetaData, Column, Table, ForeignKey, Integer, String, Date, Text from sqlalchemy.orm import relationship, backref  class IndexedMetasqlalchemy.ext.declarative.DeclarativeMeta         Metaclass to initialize some classlevel collections on models     def newcls, name, bases, defaultdict         cls.pkcolumns  set         cls.relations  collections.namedtupleRelationshipItem, one many set, set         return super.newcls, name, bases, defaultdict  Base  sqlalchemy.ext.declarative.declarativebasemetaclassIndexedMeta   def buildclasslenscls, key, inst     Populates the indexes of primary key and relationship attributes with the attributes names. Additionally, separates x to many relationships from x to one relationships and associates x to one relathionships with the localside foreign key column     if isinstanceinst.property, sqlalchemy.orm.properties.ColumnProperty         if inst.property.columns[0].primarykey             cls.pkcolumns.addinst.key      elif isinstanceinst.property, sqlalchemy.orm.properties.RelationshipProperty         if inst.property.direction.name  MANYTOONE or ONETOONE             localcolumn  cls.mapper.getpropertybycolumninst.property.localside[0].key             cls.relations.one.add localcolumn, inst.key          else             cls.relations.many.addinst.key   sqlalchemy.event.listenBase, attributeinstrument, buildclasslens  class MeetingBase     tablename  meetings     def initself, memo         self.memo  memo     id  ColumnInteger, primarykeyTrue     date  ColumnDate     memo  Columnnote, String60, nullableTrue     categoryname  Columncategory, String60, ForeignKeycategories.name     category  relationshipCategory, backrefbackrefmeetings     topics  relationshipTopic,         secondarymeetingstopics,         backrefmeetings  ... ... codepre  pOk, so that gets me by on the class level, though I feel like I am doing silly things with metaclasses, and I get some strange intermittent errors where the sqlalchemy module allegedly isnt recognized in codebuildclasslenscode and evals to Nonetype.p  pI am not quite sure how I should proceed at the instance level. Ive looked into the events interface. I see the ORM event codeinitcode, but it seems to run prior to the codeinitcode function defined on my models, meaning the instance attributes havent yet been populated at that time, so I cant build my lens on them. I also wonder if the Attribute event codesetcode might be of help. That is my next try, though i still wonder if it is the most appropriate way.p  pAll in all I really wonder if I am missing some really elegant way to approach this problem.p
Negative 42922 pI am using a dynamic sequence of multiple forms. Each form a subpage is dynamically loaded in the main page with  dynform .load formx.html .  Each formx.html has its own script embedded. This script must execute after the formx.html has been loaded.  I start each script with a document ready, to make sure the  dynamically loaded content is loaded in the dom. Does this make sense p  pUPDATEp  pThanks for all your help. I was able to solve it just by calling the embedded function of the loaded page.html in the load callback  window[page].applyp  precodefunction nextFormpage      dynform.loadpage  .html, functionresponse, status, xhr          if status  error              var msg  Sorry but there was an error              error.htmlmsg  xhr.status     xhr.statusText                  else            load OK and finished then call embedded script             window[page].apply                document.readyfunction     nextFormform1      load the first form    codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a rails 3 app that works fine when run under coderails scode.  However, when trying to deploy it to apache2 with fcgi, the asset pipeline breaks.  For example, when trying to request codeassetslogo.pngcode the log will showp  precodeStarted GET assetslogo.png for 10.50.10.249 at Tue Apr 10 192039 0400 2012  TypeError cant dup NilClass codepre  pThis happens on either the production or development environments.p  pHow can I debug thisp
Negative 42922 pI have a codeJTablecode that gets data added to it from another codeJTablecode.p  pNow I want to switch between codeJTablecodes according to the day selected in a codeJComboBoxcode.p  pFor example, if I choose Monday I add programs added to it then I select Tuesday from the codeJComboBoxcode and a fresh codeJTablecode appears. If I go to Monday again the programs should still be there until the program is closed. p  pHow do I create multiple codeJTablecodes the codeJTablecode remains the same for the days and let the info remain there until program closurep  pHere is an example to show you what I meanp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comR4Z0G.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pI have stuck with a problem and that is when I try to write from my server to my multiple clients, it keeps on writing the empty string. Im sharing my code and its multiple client server app in which clients can write to server while server can write to all running clients. Clients writing to server quiet fine. but server isnt p  pServer codep  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms using System.Net using System.IO using System.Net.Sockets using System.Threading using System.Collections  namespace ServerGui      public partial class Form1  Form              TcpListener tcpListen         Thread listenThread         String read           ArrayList collect  new ArrayList         int counter  0         ArrayList NS  new ArrayList         TcpClient general  null         readonly ManualResetEvent mre  new ManualResetEventfalse          public Form1                      InitializeComponent                   private void connectServerToolStripMenuItemClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      tcpListen  new TcpListenerIPAddress.Any, 3000             listenThread  new Threadnew ThreadStartListenForClients             listenThread.Start             connectServerToolStripMenuItem.Enabled  false                   public void ListenForClients                      tcpListen.Start              while true                               TcpClient client  tcpListen.AcceptTcpClient                 collect.Insertcounter, client                 general  TcpClientcollect[counter]                 if textBox1.InvokeRequired                                      textBox1.Invokenew MethodInvokerdelegate  textBox1.AppendTextclient.Client.LocalEndPoint.ToString    Connected.                     textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                   else                                      textBox1.AppendTextclient.Client.LocalEndPoint.ToString    Connected.                     textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                  Thread clientThread  new Threadnew ParameterizedThreadStartReader                 clientThread.Startcollect[counter]                 Thread clientThread1  new Threadnew ParameterizedThreadStartWriter                 clientThread1.Startcollect[counter]                 counter                               public void Readerobject client                      TcpClient tcpClient  TcpClientclient             NetworkStream clientStream  tcpClient.GetStream             StreamReader sr  new StreamReaderclientStream             while true                              try                                      read  sr.ReadLine                                  catch                                      if textBox1.InvokeRequired                                              textBox1.Invokenew MethodInvokerdelegate                                                        textBox1.AppendTexttcpClient.Client.LocalEndPoint.ToString    disconnected.                             textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                                                   else                                              textBox1.AppendTexttcpClient.Client.LocalEndPoint.ToString   disconnected.                         textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                          return                                  if textBox1.InvokeRequired                                      textBox1.Invokenew MethodInvokerdelegate                                              textBox1.AppendTextlt          tcpClient.Client.LocalEndPoint.ToString  gt saying   read                         textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                                       else                                       textBox1.AppendTextlt  tcpClient.Client.LocalEndPoint.ToString  gt saying   read                     textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                            tcpClient.Close                   public void Writerobject client                      TcpClient tcpClient  TcpClientclient             NetworkStream ns  tcpClient.GetStream             mre.WaitOne             while true                              StreamWriter sw  new StreamWriterns                      string str  textBox2.Text                     sw.WriteLinestr                     sw.Flush                  if textBox2.InvokeRequired                                      textBox2.Invokenew MethodInvokerdelegate                                                       textBox2.Clear                                                           else                 textBox2.Clear                              tcpClient.Close                   private void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      mre.Set             textBox1.AppendTexttextBox2.Text             textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine             textBox2.Clear                   private void CheckKeysobject sender, System.Windows.Forms.KeyPressEventArgs e                      if e.KeyChar  char13                              mre.Set                 textBox1.AppendTexttextBox2.Text                 textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                 textBox2.Clear                                private void exitToolStripMenuItemClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      Application.Exit                codepre  pClient codep  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms using System.Net using System.Net.Sockets using System.Threading using System.IO  namespace ClientGcui      public partial class Form1  Form              NetworkStream general  null         public Form1                      InitializeComponent                    private void exitToolStripMenuItemClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      Application.Exit                   private void connectToServerToolStripMenuItemClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      String str               TcpClient client  new TcpClient             IPEndPoint server  new IPEndPointIPAddress.Parse127.0.0.1, 3000             client.Connectserver             textBox1.AppendTextConnected to server             textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine             NetworkStream clientStream  client.GetStream             general  clientStream             StreamReader sr  new StreamReaderclientStream             StreamWriter sw  new StreamWriterclientStream             Thread reader  new Threadnew ParameterizedThreadStartreadserver             reader.Startsr                  public void readserverobject client                      StreamReader sr  StreamReaderclient             string read               while true                              try                                      read  sr.ReadLine                                  catch                                      if textBox1.InvokeRequired                                              textBox1.Invokenew MethodInvokerdelegate                                                      textBox1.AppendTextDisconnected from Server.                             textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                                                   else                                              textBox1.AppendTextDisconnected from Server.                         textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                                       if textBox1.InvokeRequired                                      textBox1.Invokenew MethodInvokerdelegate                                              textBox1.AppendTextsr.ReadLine                         textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                                       else                                      textBox1.AppendTextsr.ReadLine                     textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                                               sr.Close                        private void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      StreamWriter sw  new StreamWritergeneral             sw.WriteLinetextBox2.Text             sw.Flush             textBox1.AppendTexttextBox2.Text             textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine             textBox2.Clear                   private void CheckKeysobject sender, System.Windows.Forms.KeyPressEventArgs e                      if e.KeyChar  char13                              StreamWriter sw  new StreamWritergeneral                 sw.WriteLinetextBox2.Text                 sw.Flush                 textBox1.AppendTexttextBox2.Text                 textBox1.AppendTextEnvironment.NewLine                 textBox2.Clear                             codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to link buttons using a button tag that is set to show a button made with CSS3. The button works and display properly in Chrome and Safari but in FireFox the button shows but it doesnt link, it also messes up the style of the page a bit.p  pI know you use to not be able to use the   pThe link to the page is here a hrefhttppt11.comindex2.phpxvideos.html relnofollowhttppt11.comindex2.phpxvideos.htmlap  pHere is my HTMLp  precodeltheadgt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefvideos.css gt ltheadgt ltbrgt   ltdiv classvidholdergt  ltdiv classtextboxgt lth2gtEythor Bender at TEDMED 2011lth2gt ltdivgt    ltdiv classtextbox2gt  Eythor Benders Ekso Bionics makes powered, wearable robots known as exoskeletons that           boost human strength, endurance, and mobility. But can they help a paraplegic walk Watch this incredible story.   ltdivgt   ltdiv classimggt  ltimg srcted.pnggt   ltdivgt         ltbutton typebutton name value classcss3buttongtlta hrefhttpwww.youtube.comwatchfeatureplayerembeddedampvtgWrCNH9gHc targetblankgtWatch Videoltagtltbuttongt       ltdivgt       ltbrgt       ltdivgt codepre  pThen the CSS for the buttonp  precode     button.css3button  padding     margin3px 0px 0px 325px  fontfamily Arial, Helvetica, sansserif fontsize 14px color ffffff padding 10px 20px background mozlineargradient     top,     ff2819 0,     ab0000 background webkitgradient     linear, left top, left bottom,      fromff2819,     toab0000 borderradius 0px mozborderradius 0px webkitborderradius 0px border 1px solid 7d0000 mozboxshadow     0px 1px 3px rgba000,000,000,0.5,     inset 0px 0px 2px rgba255,255,255,0.7 webkitboxshadow     0px 1px 3px rgba000,000,000,0.5,     inset 0px 0px 2px rgba255,255,255,0.7 textshadow     0px 1px 0px rgba000,000,000,0.4,     0px 1px 0px rgba255,255,255,0.3           codepre
Negative 42922 pI have two dependent comboboxesp  precode thisgtaddElementSelect, Category,array          label      gt Category,          AutoCompletegt true,                        multiOptions gt array0 gt Category,agtGetCategories,2 gt Add             category,          required gt true     thisgtaddElementSelect, SubCategory,array           label      gt Sub Category,           AutoCompletegt true,            multiOptions gt array0 gt Select Category,           required gt true   codepre  pI want to display the content of the second one so I do the following in the controllerp  precode     if thisgtgetRequestgtisPost   Le formulaire estil post       formData  thisgtgetRequestgtgetPost  rcupre les infos des formulaires       if formgtisValidformData  Si le formulaire passe la validation      v  formgtgetValues  On rcupre les donnes du formulaire       Category v[Category]      aformgtgetElementCategorygtgetMultiOption1      cata[Category]       SubCategory v[SubCategory ]      bformgtgetElementSubCategorygtgetMultiOptionSubCategory       thisgtviewgttest   b                else formgtpopulateformData      Appel du web service dauthentification        codepre  pWhen I click the submit button, the second combobox becomes empty and I get     p  blockquote   p0 was not found in the haystackp blockquote  pCould someone please explain why this isp
Negative 42922 pIm running a daemon java process on my ubuntu machine p  precodejava cp ... ampgt err.logamp codepre  pThe process runs for a random period of time and then just disappears. Nothing in LOGs, err.log, no JVM crash file created hserr.log, nothing. My two questions are p  p1 Under which circumstances can a java process abruptly finish p  p2 IS there any way to know what happened to the process knowing PID  Does UNIX keep information about finished processes somehow p
Negative 42922 pThis is a drop down Div  which works with everything except GoogleMap.p  pI get half the map showing or maybe a 14 of it... When I get rid of the divs all works fine... Or is there a workaround without divs Ideas... I tried declaring table, p etc... No luck...p  pJavascript Drop Down Code and Div callsp  precode   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt    function showElementlayer    var myLayer  document.getElementByIdlayer    ifmyLayer.style.displaynone    myLayer.style.displayblock    myLayer.backgroundPositiontop     else      myLayer.style.displaynone            ltscriptgt    ltdiv classcatlistgt   lttable border0 cellpadding4gt   lttrgt   lttd valignmiddlegtltimg srcimagesplus.png onclickjavascriptshowElementedgtlttdgt   lttd valignmiddlegtlta href onclickjavascriptshowElementedgtltbgtEdit GPS    Mapltbgtltagtlttdgt   lttrgtlttablegt   ltdivgt   ltdiv classqlist ided styledisplaynonegt    ltdiv idmap stylewidth 500px height 250pxgtltdivgt    ltdivgt codepre  hr  h2Adding the Google Javascript...h2  pThis is the actual Google Maps Javascript... Cold Fusion Plots the  markers... This works fine outside of divs... Code suggested above works to display the correct map interface... But the centering of the plot is not working... And marker shows at top left corner with above code provided...p  precode  ltdiv idmap stylewidth 500px height 250pxgtltdivgt   ltscript srchttpmaps.google.commapsapijssensorfalse typetextjavascriptgt   ltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     var locations  [  [bsname, gpslat, gpslong, busid],    ]     var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,     zoom 15,    center new google.maps.LatLnggpslat, gpslong,    mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP        var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow     var marker, i     for i  0 i lt locations.length i       marker  new google.maps.Marker      position new google.maps.LatLnglocations[i][1], locations[i][2],      map map         google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, functionmarker, i       return function         infowindow.setContentlocations[i][0]        infowindow.openmap, marker          marker, i       ltscriptgt     codepre
Negative 42922 pI have to display dates on xaxis according to dates coming in following codep  precodefori0iltticks1.lengthi     ptt.push[ticks1[i],data1[i]]        ntt.push[ticks1[i],data2[i]]      codepre  pWHERE ticks1 contain dates.p  pI want to draw dateaxis chart in jqplotp
Negative 42922 pI have a problem using openCV 2.3.1 installed from mac ports. For installation and configuration of the xcode project I used a hrefhttpsalemsayed.mep240 relnofollowthis post from Salems bloga. The example code shown in the post works great. But if I change the mail.cpp file to just show an image it fails.  Here is my example codep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  include ltopencv2opencv.hppgt include ltopencv2corecore.hppgt include ltopencv2highguihighgui.hppgt  int main int argc, const char  argv[]      cvMat img  cvimreadLena.jpg     cvnamedWindowImage     cvimshowImage, img  codepre  pThe error I get is the followingp  precodeOpenCV Error Bad flag parameter or structure field Unrecognized or unsupported array type in cvGetMat, file optlocalvarmacportsbuildoptlocalvarmacportssourcesrsync.macports.orgreleasetarballsportsgraphicsopencvopencvworkOpenCV2.3.1modulescoresrcarray.cpp, line 2482 terminate called throwing an exceptionlldb  codepre  pNow I am a bit confused since Im also not that familiar with c.p  pAny advicep
Negative 42922 pHow to shorten this expression i want instead of using 2 lines just check whatever domain is something different from mysite.com e.g. mysite.org or www.mysite.org with or without www and redirect. p  precodeOptions FollowSymlinks RewriteEngine On  RewriteCond HTTPHOST www.mysite.com [OR] RewriteCond HTTPHOST mysite.org [OR] RewriteCond HTTPHOST www.mysite.org [OR] RewriteCond HTTPHOST mysite.net [OR] RewriteCond HTTPHOST www.mysite.net  RewriteRule . httpmysite.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pAlso is it faster to use [OR] or do like thisp  precode  RewriteCond HTTPHOST www.mysite.com     RewriteRule . httpmysite.com1 [R301,L]     RewriteCond HTTPHOST mysite.org     RewriteRule . httpmysite.com1 [R301,L]     RewriteCond HTTPHOST www.mysite.org     RewriteRule . httpmysite.com1 [R301,L]     RewriteCond HTTPHOST mysite.net     RewriteRule . httpmysite.com1 [R301,L] codepre  pP.S. why this works as case insensetive even when i dont use [NC]p
Negative 42922 pWhat is so annoying about CSS when you add style in the css class, it may apply other elementclass by itself.p  pWhat the best way to prevent thatp  pFor examplep  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classmaincontentgt     ltpgt Hello World ltpgt      ltspangt Test One ltspangt     ltdiv classcolumngt         ltspangt Test Twoltspangt     ltdivgt  ltdivgt codepre  pCSSp  precode.maincontent span      background 921192     color white     padding 3px 4px     margin 0 5px    .column  span      fontsize20px     texttransformnone     displayinlineblock  codepre  pI do not want Test Two codeltspangtcode to have a background color.p  pTest a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netszm9c1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netszm9c1ap
Negative 42922 pI have spent many hours looking for a solution to this and need help.p  pI have a nested AsyncTask in my Android app Activity and I would like to allow the user to rotate his phone during its processing without starting a new AsyncTask. I tried to use onRetainNonConfigurationInstance and getLastNonConfigurationInstance.p  pI am able to retain the task however after rotation it does not save the result from onPostExecute to the outer class variable. Of course, I tried getters and setters. When I dump the variable in onPostExecute, that it is OK. But when I try to access to the variable from onClick listener then it is null.p  pMaybe the code will make the problem clear for you.p  precodepublic class MainActivity extends BaseActivity       private String possibleResults  null     private Object task  null      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState              this.task  getLastNonConfigurationInstance              setContentViewR.layout.menu              if savedInstanceState  null                             ampamp savedInstanceState.containsKeypossibleResults                      this.possibleResults  savedInstanceState                                     .getStringpossibleResults                           if this.possibleResults  null                      if this.task  null                              if this.task instanceof PossibleResultWebService                                      PossibleResultWebService this.task.attach                                                    else                              this.task  new PossibleResultWebService                             PossibleResultWebService this.task.executethis.matchToken                                                Button button             button  Button findViewByIdR.id.menuresultButton             button.setOnClickListenerresultListener           Override     protected void onResume              super.onResume           OnClickListener resultListener  new OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                       Spinner s  Spinner findViewByIdR.id.menuheatSpinner                     int heatNo  s.getSelectedItemPosition  1                     Intent myIntent  new IntentMainActivity.this,                                     ResultActivity.class                     myIntent.putExtramatchToken, MainActivity.this.matchToken                     myIntent.putExtraheatNo, String.valueOfheatNo                     myIntent.putExtrapossibleResults,                                     MainActivity.this.possibleResults                      MainActivity.this.startActivityForResultmyIntent, ADDRESULT                        private class PossibleResultWebService extends AsyncTaskltString, Integer, Integergt               private ProgressDialog pd             private InputStream is             private boolean finished  false             private String possibleResults  null              public boolean isFinished                      return finished                           public String getPossibleResults                      return possibleResults                           Override             protected Integer doInBackgroundString... params                   quite long code                           public void attach                      if this.finished  false                              pd  ProgressDialog.showMainActivity.this, Please wait...,                                             Loading data..., true, false                                                public void detach                      pd.dismiss                           Override             protected void onPreExecute                      pd  ProgressDialog.showMainActivity.this, Please wait...,                                     Loading data..., true, false                           Override             protected void onPostExecuteInteger result                      possibleResults  convertStreamToStringis                     MainActivity.this.possibleResults  possibleResults                      pd.dismiss                     this.finished  true                        Override     protected void onSaveInstanceStateBundle outState               super.onSaveInstanceStateoutState              if this.possibleResults  null                      outState.putStringpossibleResults, this.possibleResults                         Override     public Object onRetainNonConfigurationInstance              if this.task instanceof PossibleResultWebService                      PossibleResultWebService this.task.detach                          return this.task      codepre  pp
Negative 42922 pI am adding an FTP upload to my site and keep getting this error when testing it live. The script works fully on my localhost.p  pWhat could be stopping it on my web hosts serverp  blockquote   pWarning ftplogin expects parameter 1 to be resource, boolean given   in homecontent208630520htmlfiledrop.php on line 134p blockquote  precode    ltdiv idformgt     lt      ifissetPOST[submit]gt      ltform actionfiledrop.php methodPOST enctypemultipartformdatagt     ltfieldsetgt         ltlabelgtltspan classerrorgtltspangt Serverltlabelgt          ltinput size50 typetext nameserver valuegt          ltlabelgtltspan classerrorgtltspangt Usernameltlabelgt          ltinput size50 typetext nameuser  valuegt          ltlabelgtltspan classerrorgtltspangt Passwordltlabelgt          ltinput size50 typepassword namepassword valuegt          ltlabelgtltspan classerrorgtltspangt Select Fileltlabelgt          ltinput nameuserfile typefile size50 styleheight23pxgt          ltinput typesubmit namesubmit valueUpload gt     ltfieldsetgt     ltformgt     lt     else            settimelimit300for uploading big files      pathsPOST[pathserver]      filepFILES[userfile][tmpname]      ftpserverPOST[server]      ftpusernamePOST[user]      ftpuserpassPOST[password]      nameFILES[userfile][name]         set up a connection to ftp server     connid  ftpconnectftpserver       login with username and password     loginresult  ftploginconnid, ftpusername, ftpuserpass       check connection and login result     if connid  loginresult      echo 1. FTP connection has encountered an errorltbrgt     echo 2. Attempted to connect to ftpserver for user ftpusername....ltbrgt     echo Go lta hreffiledrop.phpgtbackltagt and try again.     exit      else      echo 1. Connected to ftpserver, for user ftpusername......ltbrgt            upload the file to the path specified     upload  ftpputconnid, paths..name, filep, FTPBINARY       check the upload status     if upload      echo 2. FTP upload has encountered an errorltbrgt     echo Go lta hreffiledrop.phpgtbackltagt and try again.      else      echo 2. Uploaded file with name name to ftpserver      echo Go lta hreffiledrop.phpgtbackltagt to upload more.             close the FTP connection     ftpcloseconnid               gt ltdivgt codepre  pDo I need to modify this Or add another file Im not exactly PHP advanced. p  pThank you,p  pSethp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to make the 3d ribbon box in strongCSS3strong but getting some problems so how can i make this with pure strongCSSstrong with minimum code.p  pHere is the image what i am trying to making.....p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUnA9X.jpg altenter image description herep  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIve got a few pages, all with different content, the pages are all linked in the nav using relative path  tags. What id like to do from a usability point of view is use jquery .load to get the content from the other pages and load it into the main index page. So it wouldnt have to change pages.. p  pI would like do is show p  pcodelta idshowservices hrefourservices.htmlgtOUR SERVICESltagtcode p  pfor SEO  users with js tunred off, but actualy load the content in using bellow for usability  ui purposes p  precodegoogle.loadjquery, 1.6.2  google.setOnLoadCallbackfunction  showservices.clickfunction     .content.loadourservice.html .content     return false       codepre  pso have the .load override the html a tag even though the html a tag is showing so that a spider will still see the sites structure.p  pcheers p
Negative 42922 pThis is my sample site, a hrefhttpbox7.host1free.comavodes relnofollowhttpbox7.host1free.comavodesa and I am having trouble on the blog post blog.php. Even I if clicked the old entries link still the 5 new post are still showing instead of the old post.p  pHeres my codep  pblog.phpp  precode    ltphp   Template Name Blog2   gt  ltphp getheader gt         ltphp queryposts array      postsperpage gt 5,      cat gt 1,      paged gt  getqueryvarpage  getqueryvarpage  1 ,  gt  ltdiv idmaincontentgt      ltphp if haveposts  while haveposts  thepost gt          ltdiv ltphp postclass gt idpostltphp theID gtgt                lth2gtlta hrefltphp thepermalink gtgtltphp thetitle gtltagtlth2gt              ltphp include TEMPLATEPATH . incmeta.php  gt              ltdiv classentrygt                 ltphp thecontent gt             ltdivgt              ltdiv classpostmetadatagt                 ltphp thetagsTags , , , ltbr gt gt                 Posted in ltphp thecategory,  gt                   ltphp commentspopuplinkNo Comments amp187, 1 Comment amp187,  Comments amp187 gt             ltdivgt          ltdivgt      ltphp endwhile gt      ltphp include TEMPLATEPATH . incnav.php  gt      ltphp else  gt          lth2gtNot Foundlth2gt      ltphp endif gt      ltdivgt  ltphp getfooter gt codepre  pThanks in advance. p
Negative 42922 pbr  I have an Asp.net webpage where I would like to display google plus information of the users. The google plus IDs are stored in a database. Is there a way javascriptCVB to determine if a google plus ID is related to a page or a profile because I have to include different gplus codes for them. I searched the google developers page but couldnt find anything related to this. Thanx folksp
Negative 42922 pI have a java application as server installed on TomcatApache and another java application as client. The clients task is to get some arguments and pass them to the server and call an adequate method on the server to be execute.p  pI want to have the client in other languages like Perl, Python or TCL. So, I need to know how to establish the communication and what is the communication structure. Im not seeking for some codes but rather to know more about how to execute some java codes via other languages. I try to google it, but I mostly found the specific questionanswer and not a tutorial or something like that. I wonder if I should search for a specific expression  Do you know any tutorial or site whom explains such structures considering all aspects  Many thanks Bye.p
Negative 42922 pIm writing some code to load and parse HTML docs from the web.p  pIm using JDOM like sop  precodeSAXBuilder parser  new SAXBuilder Document document  Documentparser.buildhttpwww.google.com Element rootNode  document.getRootElement  and so on ... codepre  pIt works fine like that.  However, when I change the URL to some other web sites, like httpwww.kijiji.com, for example, the codeparser.build...code line hangs.p  pAny idea why it hangs  Im wondernig if it might be because kijiji knows Im not a real web browser  perhaps I have to spoof my http request so it looks like its coming from IE or something like thatp  pAny ideas are useful, thanksp  pRobp
Negative 42922 pI get the xml repsonse for http request. I store it as a string variablep  precodeString str  in.readLine codepre  pAnd the contents of codestrcode isp  precodeltresponsegt     ltlastUpdategt20120426 212918ltlastUpdategt     ltstategttxltstategt     ltpopulationgt        ltligt            lttimeWindowgtDAYS7lttimeWindowgt            ltconfidenceIntervalgt               lthighgt15lthighgt               ltlowgt0ltlowgt            ltconfidenceIntervalgt            ltsizegt0ltsizegt        ltligt     ltpopulationgt ltresponsegt codepre  pI want to assign codetxcode, codeDAYS7code to variables. How do I do thatp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pMy UI consist of a datagridview codeAutoCreateColumns falsecode bound to a list of my business objects. Lets assume my Object contains 2 columns  Price and Quantity  and Id want to add a new column in my grid  Total  which value will be calculated  PriceQuantity, strongBUTstrong with no modification of my Business object.p  pIs it possiblep
Negative 42922 pI am having problem in this situation, i searched alot and dont know what should i do with it.... I have got like 4 checkboxes, on each checkbox a certain function is being performed. I have this html code for checkboxes,p  precode    ltform actioncheck.php methodpostgt lttable border1 width200gt lttrgt lttdgt ltinput typecheckbox namefirst[] valueoption1 gt lttdgt lttd width500gt ltstronggtOption 1ltstronggt lttdgt lttrgt lttrgt lttdgt ltinput typecheckbox namefirst[] valueoption2 gt lttdgt lttd width500gt ltstronggtOption 2ltstronggt lttdgt lttrgt lttrgt lttdgt ltinput typecheckbox namefirst[] valueoption3 gt lttdgt lttd width500gt ltstronggtoption 3ltstronggt lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt lttable border1 width200gt lttrgt lttdgt ltinput typetext nameenteredvaluegt lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt lttable border1 width200gt lttrgt lttdgt ltinput typesubmit valueSubmitgt lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt ltformgt codepre  pI am accessing these checkboxes using this codep  precodeltphp if issetPOST[submit]              ifissetPOST[first]                              getdatacheckboxes  POST[first]                         else                              getdatacheckboxes                            printrgetdatacheckboxes             exit  gt codepre  pWhat i am facing problem is like i need to run a function on each checkbox ticked, e.g. if the person ticks Option 1 then i should be able to run function 1 and so on...p  pany help will be appreciated p
Negative 42922 pI have a script which connect my source FTP and destination FTP and copy all files from source to destination now i have change my server and it returns me these errors ftp connection suspenseful but didnt copy files just create files. My code is written below.p  precodeftp1  new ClsFTPuser1,pass1, site1 ifftp1      echo could not connect     exit   ftp2  new ClsFTPuser2,pass2, site2  mod  0755  dirlist[]  httpdocs  fori0iltcountdirlist i              echo ltbrgtCopying Directory  . dirlist[i]         ifftp1gtcddirlist[i]                      echo 1site1 could not open directory dirlist[i]. skippingltbrgtn             continue                  ifftp2gtcddirlist[i]                      echo 2site2 could not open directory dirlist[i]. Trying to create itltbrgtn             ifftp2gtmkdirdirlist[i]                              echo 2site2 could not create directory dirlist[i]. skippingltbrgtn                              continue                          ifftp2gtcddirlist[i]                              echo 2site2 could not open directory dirlist[i]. skippingltbrgtn                 continue                                ifdirlist[i]httpdocstmpupload          else         dirrawlist  ftp1gtrawlist         dirnlist  ftp1gtnlist         ftp1gtpdirrawlist         ftp1gtpdirnlist               fork  0 kltcountdirnlist k                         ifdirlist[i]httpdocsincludes ampamp dirnlist[k]certkeypem.txt                 continue                          ifdirlist[i]httpdocs ampamp dirnlist[k]PayPal.class.php                 continue                           size  ftp1gtcheckfiledirnlist[k]             ifsize gt0substrdirrawlist[k], 0, 1its a file                              ftp1gtgettmp.dirnlist[k], dirnlist[k]                 handle  fopentmp.dirnlist[k], r                 contents  freadhandle, filesizetmp.dirnlist[k]                 fclosehandle                 contents  strreplacesearchfor, replacewith, contents                 handle  fopentmp.dirnlist[k], w                 fwritehandle, contents                 fclosehandle                 ftp2gtputdirnlist[k], tmp.dirnlist[k]                   ftp2gtchmoddirnlist[k], mod                                      ftp1gtcd         ftp2gtcd       codepre  pThese warnings thrown by script.p  precodeWarning ftpget Error opening tmpInviteFriend2.php in varwwwvhostsvirtualphoneline.comhttpdocsincludesftp.class.php on line 120     Warning fopentmpInviteFriend2.php failed to open stream Permission denied in varwwwvhostsvirtualphoneline.comhttpdocsincludesclone.php on line 228    Warning fwrite expects parameter 1 to be resource, boolean given in varwwwvhostsvirtualphoneline.comhttpdocsincludesclone.php on line 229    Warning fclose expects parameter 1 to be resource, boolean given in varwwwvhostsvirtualphoneline.comhttpdocsincludesclone.php on line 230 codepre
Negative 42922 pemstrongemstrongemUPDATED CODE with resume functionalityemstrongememstrongp  precode    my ua  LWPUserAgentgtnew     uagtcredentialsip80, Realm, username, password     my response  uagtmirrorurl,newfile     if responsegtissuccess         print Download Successfull.          else          print Error  . responsegtstatusline      codepre  pemstrongemememememstrongemOLD CODEemstrongememememememememememememstrongp  precode    my ua  LWPUserAgentgtnew     uagtcredentialsip80, Realm, username, password     my response  uagtgeturl     if responsegtissuccess         print Retrieved  .lengthresponsegtdecodedcontent .               bytes of data.          else          print Error  . responsegtstatusline       open my fh, gtencodingUTF8, tmp print fh responsegtdecodedcontent close fh  if  e tmp      my filesize   stat tmp [9]    my origsize  queue[rec][1]     if  filesize lt origsize        print Resuming download       code for resuming the partly downloaded file...            else        print File downloaded correctlyn      codepre  pAs im newbie to perl, could download codedecodedcontentcode, though some errors persists. Need to resume the file download, if we have a partial file.p  pThis was the code ive tried, but am not able to know where to start with, hence any quick thoughts in this regard will be of great help indeed. Please help on this.p
Negative 42922 phave a codedivcode, and following it is a codeulcode.p  pI apply codeslideDowncode to the codedivcode, and that pushes the codeulcode down nicely in all browsers except in IE8, where the codedivcode covers the codeulcode.p  pWhen I apply codeslideUpcode to the div, emthenem the codeulcode slides down  leaving a big gap between it and the former element.p  pHas anyone run into this behavior What could be causing itp  pYou can see an example a hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcolleges relnofollowhereap  pThe codeslideDowncode and codeslideUpcode are activated when you click this image img srchttpi.stack.imgur.commJPzl.png altenter image description herep  pIt makes this div appear or disappear img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcCnLF.png altenter image description herep  pAnd this is the codeulcode that is supposed to go down and up when that div appears and disappears, respectively img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0AQpe.png altenter image description herep  pAnd here is the code. The HTMLp  precodeltdiv classclearfix idwhatWheregt ltulgt ltwhatgt     ltli idwhatgt         ltspangtltspangt          ltdiv classlistgt             ltul classgt               ltli classorangegtlta hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegescat7gt  ltagtltligt               ltli classgraygtlta hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegescat14gtltagtltligt               ltulgt                  ltdiv classtoClosegt              ltimg width37 height18 srchttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegeswpcontentthemestwentyelevenimagesclose.pnggt              ltdivgt             ltdivgtltend listgt     ltligt  lt where gt     ltli idwheregt             ltspangtltspangt             ltdiv classlistgt             ltul classgt                 ltli classorangegtlta hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegesp21gt   ltagtltligt                 ltli classgraygtlta hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegesp19gt   ltagtltligt             ltulgt                   ltdiv classtoClosegt              ltimg width37 height18 srchttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegeswpcontentthemestwentyelevenimagesclose.pnggt              ltdivgt                 ltdivgtltend listgt      ltligt    ltulgt ltdivgt  ltul idlinksgt    ltli idhashlamagtlta hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegesp161gt   ltagtltligt    ltli idmichlalotgtlta hrefhttpdev.linux.ort.org.ilcollegesp165gt  ltagtltligt ltulgt codepre  pAnd this is the JavaScriptp  precode                  document.readyfunction                      whatWhere ul li  span.clickfunction                         if another li open closed                     ifthis.parent.siblings.children.list.hasClasshighlight                          this.parent.siblings.childrenul.slideUpslow                          this.parent.siblings.children.list.cssdisplay,none                           this.parent.siblings.removeClassopen                          this.parent.siblings.addClassstandBy                          this.parent.siblings.children.list.toggleClasshighlight                                              open ul of selected li area                     this.next.toggleClasshighlight                        ifthis.next.hasClasshighlight                                                  whatWhere                             this.parent.parent.parent.addClassopen                             li                              this.parent.addClassopen                              this.next.slideDownslow                              this.parent.siblings.addClassstandBy                              this.parent.removeClassstandBy                                              else                                                   this.parent.parent.parent.removeClassopen                          li                              this.parent.removeClassopen                          this.next.slideUpslow                           this.next.cssdisplay,none                           this.parent.siblings.removeClassstandBy                          this.parent.removeClassstandBy                                                                     whatWhere ul li  .list  div.toClose.clickfunction                            this.parent.parent.parent.parent.removeClassopen div whatWhere                              this.parent.parent.removeClassopen li whatwhere                          this.parent.slideUpslow                            this.parent.parent.siblings.removeClassstandBy the other li whatwhere                           this.parent.toggleClasshighlight    div .list  maybe not needed                                        codepre  pI asked a a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq9989910278question about the same codea a while ago and got a good answer, but there the problem was in Chrome, and the problematic behavior was differentp
Negative 42922 pI want to create report that will display information about Contracts and Cases.  Contract for client and the Cases that are assigned to this Contract and how many resources are free after each case.  p  pIve got one more questions. Are the default reports created in SQL Reports Services  p  pBest regards.p
Negative 42922 pI have a web application that is working great while running form VS, but once its published trying to navigate to the site throws a NullRefernceException. Here is the stack tracep  precode[NullReferenceException Object reference not set to an instance of an object.] DAL.VendorRepDAL.GetRepsInfoList1 fields in CUsersmfosterDesktopEventPlannerDALDAL.vb649 EventPlanner.DealEntry.LoadData in CUsersmfosterDesktopEventPlannerEventPlannerdeals.aspx.vb31 System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive 70 System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMainBoolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint, Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint 3063 codepre  pI think the problem may have something to do with the fact that file paths in the stack trace are referencing my hard drive for some reason. If thats the case Im not how to fix it.p  pThanks For any help.p
Negative 42922 pIm currently using the Fb C SDK v5, works like a champ. Migrating to v6 is proving more challenging than I had anticipated.p  pSo, I decided to rewrite the auth code from scratch. Is this the bare minimum needed to authenticate a user p  ol liUse the Fb js sdk to set the appId, subscribe to the auth eventli liSubscribe to the Fb.UI auth event, pass the access token to the server li liOnce the server has the access token, query the graphli ol  pIn v5 I was doing this in an OnActionExecuting override, checking against an active session if it wasnt active, Id reauth via Fb. I just cant seem to get it to work like that on v6.p  pIs there a best practices, or example solution, for using the Fb C SDK v6 on ASP.NET MVC Id like to make sure Im doing this right. Ive found a couple resources, but they dont look like theyre specifically for ASP.NET MVC p  ol lia hrefhttpblog.prabir.mepostFacebookCSharpSDKWritingyourFirstFacebookApplicationv6.aspxWriting your First Facebook Application v6ali lia hrefhttpcsharpsdk.orgdocswebgettingstartedGetting Started with the Facebook C SDK for ASP.NETali ol  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIm looking for a simple tree viewer. It should produce a image like png of a tree with its nodes and relations. p  pAny idea p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to get multiple lines in a listView I currently have the following XAMLp  precode        ltListView xNamelistTasks Margin0,0,1.5,0 BackgroundxNull BorderBrushxNull BorderThickness0 ForegroundWhite ItemsSourceBinding TasksCollection ScrollViewer.HorizontalScrollBarVisibilityDisabled ScrollViewer.VerticalScrollBarVisibilityAutogt         ltListView.ItemContainerStylegt     ltStyle TargetTypexType ListViewItemgt             ltStyle.Triggersgt                     ltTrigger PropertyIsSelected                                      ValueTruegt                             ltSetter PropertyBackground                                             ValuexNull gt                             ltSetter PropertyBorderBrush                                             ValuexNull gt                     ltTriggergt                     ltTrigger PropertyIsMouseOver                                      ValueTruegt                             ltSetter PropertyBackground                                             ValuexNull gt                             ltSetter PropertyBorderBrush                                             ValuexNull gt                     ltTriggergt             ltStyle.Triggersgt             ltSetter PropertyHeight Value50px gt             ltSetter PropertyFocusable Valuefalse gt     ltStylegt ltListView.ItemContainerStylegt         ltListView.Resourcesgt                 ltStyle xKeyCustomHeaderStyle TargetTypexType GridViewColumnHeadergt                     ltSetter PropertyVisibility ValueCollapsed gt                 ltStylegt             ltListView.Resourcesgt             ltListView.Viewgt                 ltGridView ColumnHeaderContainerStyleDynamicResource CustomHeaderStylegt                     ltGridViewColumn Headergt                         ltGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt                             ltDataTemplategt                                 ltTextBlockgt                                 ltTextBlock.Textgt                                     ltMultiBinding  StringFormat Module 0 Conditions 123 for 4 minutesgt                                         ltBinding PathModulegt                                         ltBinding PathFirstValuegt                                         ltBinding PathSecondValuegt                                         ltBinding PathThirdValuegt                                         ltBinding PathMinutesgt                                     ltMultiBindinggt                                 ltTextBlock.Textgt                                 ltTextBlockgt                             ltDataTemplategt                         ltGridViewColumn.CellTemplategt                     ltGridViewColumngt                 ltGridViewgt             ltListView.Viewgt         ltListViewgt codepre  pThis outputs something likep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comD8f48.jpg altenter image description herep  pWhat I am trying to achieve is something like this ignore the different colored backgroundp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2wUKW.jpg altenter image description herep  pI cant seem to bring my head around how I would do this, any ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pHello Stackoverflow fellows,p  pSince I installed Xcode 4.3.2 Im having a lot of problems using git. The FileSource Controls commands doesnt work properly, but if I use git on console then things work well.p  pSo I decided to not check Create local go repository for this project for my new projects. To my surprise Xcode start to complain whenp  ul liI try to delete files with the message fatal Not a git repository or any the parent directories.gitli liI try to rename a file with the message fatal Not a git repository or any the parent directories.gitli liI try to refactoryrename a class with the message Unable to rename Class.m to Cl.mli ul  pAnybody knows what Im doing wrong p  pThanks in advanced,p  pGazollap
Negative 42922 phere it is hosted so you can see the behavior.  first two keys only, leftmost white key and black key next to itp  precodehttp23.23.184.26millercsszmain.html codepre  pworks empefectlyem in chrome 19. produces a blue halo selection box in firefox 12.0 does not work emat allem in IE9p  pany advicep  precodelthtmlgt      ltheadgt         ltstyle typetextcssgt             main                  positionabsolute                 left0px                 top0px                 zindex100                          key1                  positionabsolute                 left0px                 top0px                 zindex98                          key2                  positionabsolute                 left0px                 top0px                 zindex98                          key1zone                  positionabsolute                 width50px                 height75px                 top175px                 left55px                 zindex200                          key2zone                  positionabsolute                 width50px                 height75px                 top100px                 left85px                 zindex200                          uncomment this to show button zones             key1zonehover, key2zonehover                  border1px solid red                      ltstylegt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function keyDownkey                  document.getElementByIdkey.style.zIndex  102                      ltscriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function keyUpkey                  document.getElementByIdkey.style.zIndex  98                      ltscriptgt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt         ltdiv idkey1zone onMouseDownkeyDownkey1 onMouseUpkeyUpkey1         onMouseOutkeyUpkey1gtltdivgt         ltdiv idkey2zone onMouseDownkeyDownkey2 onMouseUpkeyUpkey2         onMouseOutkeyUpkey2gtltdivgt         ltimg idmain src0.gif width506 height319gt         ltimg idkey1 src1.gif width506 height319gt         ltimg idkey2 src2.gif width506 height319gt     ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 42922 pIve been working on migrating my existing tilemap editor based on XNAWinForms to WPF. Im rather new to WPF, but most of the concepts havent been too difficult to grasp. I have a Viewbox embedded into a ScrollViewer, using the DrawImage method from the DrawingContext provided by the Viewboxderived OnRender method to draw the map. The problem is I cannot achieve anywhere near the same performance as with the XNAWinForm version when a rather large amount of tiles are on screen1000 on my machine. I have implemented zooming and panning, but when I zoom out too far or pan when a large amount of tiles are on screen, there is major lag which ruins the user experience. I have taken several obvious optimization measuresfreezing the source bitmap, culling tiles that cannot be seen, setting the bitmaps scaling mode to LowQuality, providing the Cache caching hint, but they dont seem to resolve the issue. The problem is obviously in the way WPF handles drawing textured quads with DrawingContext.p  pI have provided a sample application with all of the code necessary to reproduce the problem a hrefhttpwww.filedropper.comslowgriddrawingexample relnofollowSampleGridDrawingExampleap  pHold the middle mouse button and move the mouse to pan. It becomes more and more noticeable as the size of the window increasesobviously because more tiles are being rendered.p  pIs there a faster method than DrawingContext within WPF to draw large amounts of textured quads with reasonable performance. Using XNAWinForms I can draw 50000 tiles in multiple layers with reasonable lag, whereas in WPF using my current approach going over 1000 causes noticeable lag10000 brings the application to a crawl.p
Negative 42922 pIm having somewhat of an issue in an application Im developing. So, all my tables have id fields for primary keys, and I use SimpleCursorAdapter to bind them to ListViews and Spinners. What I wanted to know is how can I make the ListView or Spinner selected item have the same ID as the corresponding rowp  pThe strange thing is that this works with the ContextMenu, which I am using straight of the NotePad examplep  precodeAdapterContextMenuInfo info  AdapterContextMenuInfo item.getMenuInfo info.id codepre  pThis ID field strongISstrong the same as the RowID on the table, and I can delete items fine, but when I try something like thisp  precodegetListView.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener           public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt adapter, View view,                 int position, long arg              Intent i  new IntentgetApplicationContext,                     FuelingList.class             long id  view.getId codepre  pThe ID field is some random rubberish. So my question is, in the first code bit, what Id is the emAdapterContextMenuInfoem getting and how can I retrieve it in other parts of my codep
Negative 42922 pI want to install Hive and hadoop on my ubuntu.I followed a hrefhttpwww.hackido.com201005installhadoopandhiveonubuntulucid.html relnofollowthis articlea all of things seems good but the end step when I write this command an error about Java appear like thisp  pstronghomebabakDownloadshadoopbin..bin hadoop row 258usrlibj2sdk1.5sunbinjava file or Folder not foundstrongp  pwhat should i do to solve this problemp
Negative 42922 pThere are many services available for delivering content emtoem users. I am looking for the reverse a service for receiving content uploads emfromem users. p  pSpecifically, Im building a web app where the files uploaded may be anywhere from 10MB to 100MB. I expect there are many issues around receiving this much data, and what Im looking for is a service that handles those issues for me.p
Negative 42922 precodeSELECT products.  FROM products  LEFT JOIN productcategory      ON products.idproduct  productcategory.idprodus  LEFT JOIN categories      ON productcategory.idcategory  categories.idcategory INNER JOIN options      ON products.idproduct  options.idproduct  WHERE categories.idcategory  472  AND productcategory.idcategory  categories.idcategory LIMIT 0, 20 codepre  pHello, Im working on a ecommerce website for a programming contest and I have some issues with the category page, where the products will be listed. p  pIn MySQL there are 4 tables products, categories, productcategory which contains the relation of category and products and options. The options table contains various attributes for a product that you can choose to buy like weight, height, color. I need to call these on the category page because there is a product filter, and when I chose color red, it will show all the products with the attribute color red.p  pIf I have 10 000 rows in products table, and each product have 5 options, so the options table will have 50 000 rows, the problem is that the query will be very slow, and it will take more than 30 seconds to display the products. Im sure the problem is with the query, but I dont how to make it. What should I write in the query in order to get the products on the page in under 5 secondsp
Negative 42922 pI am using the codetakePicturecode method from the codeCameracode class. It takes the picture , but it makes no sound My client wants the default click sound that Android makes.p  pI have seen other threads and it seems that the problem is in disabling the sound, not the opposite Why is it that my app is not making the click soundp
Negative 42922 pI need help in joining the two queries below. I am new to Oracle. I went through the posts here but the joins mentioned are for simple queries. Please help me in displaying the result of below two queries side by side.p  precodeselect Branch, count as No of Accounts Opened       from SELECT A.CUSTACNO,                    A.CCY,                    A.branchcode Branch,                    A.ACYCURRBALANCE,                    A.ACOPENDATE,                    B.CUSTOMERNAME1,                    C.LIMITAMOUNT,                    D.ACCOUNTCLASS,                    D.DESCRIPTION               FROM STTMCUSTACCOUNT  A,                    STTMCUSTOMER      B,                    getmfacility      C,                    STTMACCOUNTCLASS D,                    getmliabcust     e              WHERE B.CUSTOMERNO  A.CUSTNO                AND A.ACCOUNTCLASS  D.ACCOUNTCLASS                and c.liabid  e.liabid                and e.customerno  b.customerno                and e.customerno  a.custno                AND B.LIABILITYNO  e.customerno                AND RTRIMC.LINECoDe  LTRIMTOCHARC.LINESERIAL                     RTRIMA.LINEID                AND A.RECORDSTAT  O                and c.recordstat  O                and e.recordstat  O                   AND tocharA.ACOPENDATE,YYYYYear                   AND trimtocharA.ACOPENDATE,MonthMonth                   AND a.BRANCHCODE 001                AND A.CCY ltgt ZWD             UNION             SELECT A.CUSTACNO,                    A.CCY,                    Branchcode Branch,                    A.ACYCURRBALANCE,                    A.ACOPENDATE,                    B.CUSTOMERNAME1,                    NULL LIMITAMOUNT,                    D.ACCOUNTCLASS,                    D.DESCRIPTION               FROM STTMCUSTACCOUNT  A,                    STTMCUSTOMER      B,                    STTMACCOUNTCLASS D              WHERE B.CUSTOMERNO  A.CUSTNO                AND A.ACCOUNTCLASS  D.ACCOUNTCLASS                AND A.RECORDSTAT  O                   AND tocharA.ACOPENDATE,YYYYYear                   AND trimtocharA.ACOPENDATE,MonthMonth                   AND BRANCHCODE 001                AND A.CCY ltgt ZWD      group by Branch      order by Branch A codepre  pThe second query is p  precodeselect Branch,count as No of Accounts Closed  fromSELECT     a.branchcode Branch,     A.CUSTACNO,     A.CCY,     A.ACYCURRBALANCE,     a.makerid,     a.makerdtstamp,     a.checkerid,     A.CHECKERDTSTAMP,     B.CUSTOMERNAME1,     C.ACCOUNTCLASS,     C.DESCRIPTION     FROM     STTMSCUSTACCOUNT A,     STTMSCUSTOMER B,     STTMSACCOUNTCLASS C     WHERE     B.CUSTOMERNO  A.CUSTNO     AND A.ACCOUNTCLASS  C.ACCOUNTCLASS     AND A.RECORDSTAT  C     AND A.BRANCHCODE 001 brn     AND trunctocharA.CHECKERDTSTAMP,YYYYYear     AND trimtocharA.CHECKERDTSTAMP,MonthMonth     ORDER BY     CUSTOMERNAME1group by Branch order by Branch B codepre
Negative 42922 pIm not an expert of JSTL and expression language, so my question may be silly...p  pIm working with Spring MVC and in my controller I havep  precodeModelAttributeexporttypes public ExportType[] getExportTypes      return edService.getTypes  codepre  pcodeExportTypecode is a custom interfacep  precodepublic interface ExportType       String getName      ...  codepre  pIn my page I havep  precodeltcforEach varitem itemsexporttypesgt     lttrgt         lttdgtltinput typecheckbox valueitem.namegtlttdgt         lttdgtitem.namelttdgt     lttrgt ltcforEachgt codepre  pBut when I run my web app I get this expection codejavax.el.PropertyNotFoundException Property name not found on type java.lang.Stringcodep  pThe strange thing is that the exception says codeon type java.lang.Stringcode and not in type codeExportTypecode. So my question is strongcant I use expression language with interfacesstrongp  hr  pstrongNOTE 1strongp  pcodeedService.getTypescode returns an codeExportType[]code array with concrete implementations of the interface.p  pJust for clarity, I have an abstract class that implements codeExportTypecode interface. Concrete Types inherit from thisp  precodepublic abstract class AbstractExportType implements ExportType      protected String name      protected AbstractExportType          this.name  this.getClass.getSimpleName           Override     String getName         return this.name           ...  codepre  hr  pstrongNOTE 2strongp  pThe controller method that forwards to export.jsp is very simplep  precodeRequestMappingvalue  export, method  RequestMethod.GET public String getExportForm      return jspexport  codepre
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to monitor a method in Objective C to see when it is finished  This is an SDK method which I dont have any access to.p
Negative 42922 pIn my devise.rb file in the initializers folder ive setp  pconfig.omniauth facebook, APPID, APPSECRET,p  phow do I access these values in my controller  I need to write the appId out for something else but cant seem to figure out to get at these values.p
Negative 42922 pMy android app gives me this error from logcatp  blockquote   pCaused by java.lang.RunTimeException Your content must have a   ListView whose id attribute is android.R.id.listp blockquote  pthis is my codep  precodepackage com.WNF  import android.os.Bundle import android.view.View import android.widget.AdapterView import android.widget.AdapterView.OnItemClickListener import android.widget.ArrayAdapter import android.widget.ListView import android.app.ListActivity import android.content.Intent   public class Actiemenu extends ListActivity  Override  public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState    super.onCreatesavedInstanceState  setContentView R.layout.actiemenu  final String[] array  new String[]          Ding, AnderDing, Nogeending, laatseding       setListAdapternew ArrayAdapterltStringgt this, R.layout.actiemenu, array     ListView lv  getListView     lv.setTextFilterEnabledtrue    lv.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener      public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View v, int position, long id           if position  0              Intent een  new Intentv.getContext, Acties.class             startActivityeen                  else if position  1              Intent twee  new Intentv.getContext, Acties2.class             startActivitytwee                getIntent   codepre  pAny ideas what can be the problemp
Negative 42922 pI am having a problem with displaying lists that flow neatly with each other to display data.  Here is what I am trying to base my lists from a hrefhttpwww.about.comexploretopics relnofollowhttpwww.about.comexploretopicsap  pIve ripped through the style sheet and I cant find out how they are making this happen.  I was wondering if someone would be able to shine some light on this, Ive been ripping my hair out trying to replicate the same thing and I cant make it happen.  I think this may be a Javascript thing, but I am not exactly sure.  Any help is much appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to instal Delphi4 in windows 7. I am new to using delphi. When I tried to insatl it, following error was thrown. strongconfig.nt. the system file is not suitable for running msdos and microsoft windows applicationsstrongp  pI looked up it in google and tried following steps.p  ol lipI tried to check weather all the 3 files config.nt, autoexec.nt, command.com in the system32 folder. They were all present.pli lipThan I tried to write all the files getting content for each files from google and saved them.Then I replaced the files in system 32 with new filesconfig.nt, autoexec.nt, command.com . Even after that I was not able to instal Delphi 4. same error message kept coming up.pli lipThan I tried the following steps. a.Click Start, point to Settings, and then click Control Panel. b.Doubleclick System, click the Advanced tab, and then click Environment Variables. c.In the User variables for UserName list, click TMP, and then click Edit. d.In the Variable value box, type cwindowstemp, and then click OK three times.   Alternatively, type the path of any folder that does not use long file names in     the Variable Value box. e.Close Control Panel. But this also didnt help. I am totally stumped on what I should try next. It would be great if any body can help.  pli ol
Negative 42922 pHey I have an SQL Table which has a column for storing date but the date column has a type varchar. I want to change the type to date but I dont want the actual data to be lost in that column. How can I achieve that. p  pManually taking a backup of the table and then entering each entry or there is some other cool way to do it  Actually the data is huge p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI am developper in a compagny using Google Guice as dependency injection framework in a MVC architecture.p  pThe system use a Singleton model. We just discover that theres strongtwostrong instances of the model in the project and this is problem.p  ul lipI know that Singleton is never the better way, but I am not the project designer.pli lipGoogle Guice is the only model initializer so that there is not new.pli lipGoogle Guice sometimes inject the model by fields injection andbr sometime in the constructor itself.pli ul  pBut, the model is scoped only one time. p  pThe binding is done asp  precodebindFoo.class.toFooImpl.class.inScopes.SINGLETON codepre  pThe class itself is not a singleton with the private constructor and all.p  pHow can it be possible for Guice to create two instances if the binding is done only one time and if there is not new Is field injection and constructor injection can conflict the singleton p  pstrongeditstrongp  pI cant show the code, but the initialization module binds a thousand of other Singleton classes and there is no problem so this module is working for sure.p
Negative 42922 pI am testing a thumbnail image creator script which creates a thumbnail that can be displayed in the web browser without saving it first. p  pCurrently I have to use the following code to display the imagep  precodeincludeimage.inc.php      headerContentType imagepng     createthumbnailme.jpg, false, 200, 200 codepre  pBut how can I display the dynamically generated thumbnail image on a standard webpage along side html markupp  pcreatethumbnail functionp  precodefunction createthumbnailpath, save, width, height       Get the width[0] and height[1] of image in an array     info  getimagesizepath       Create a new array that just contains the width and height     size  arrayinfo[0], info[1]       Check what file type the image is     ifinfo[mime]  imagepng          src  imagecreatefrompngpath      else ifinfo[mime]  imagejpeg          src  imagecreatefromjpegpath      else ifinfo[mime]  imagegif          src  imagecreatefromgifpath      else          If it isnt a good file type dont do anything         return false            Create a thumbnail with the passed dimensions     thumb  imagecreatetruecolorwidth, height       srcaspect  size[0]  size[1]      thumbaspect  width  height      ifsrcaspect lt thumbaspect           Image is tall         scale  width  size[0]         newsize  arraywidth, width  srcaspect         srcpos  array0, size[1]  scale  height  scale  2     else ifsrcaspect gt thumbaspect           Image is wide         scale  height  size[1]         newsize  arrayheight  srcaspect, height         srcpos  arraysize[0]  scale  width  scale 2, 0      else           Image is square         newsize  arraywidth, height         srcpos  array0, 0            Stop the new dimensions being less than 1 this stops it breaking the code. Takes which ever value is higher.     newsize[0]  maxnewsize[0], 1     newsize[1]  maxnewsize[1], 1        Copy the image into the new thumbnail       Newly created thumbnail, image copying from, starting xcoord of thumbnail, starting ycoord of thumbnail0,0 will fill up entire thumbnail, xcoord of original image, ycoord of original image,  width of new thumbnail, height of new thumbnail, width of original image, height of original image     imagecopyresampledthumb, src, 0, 0, srcpos[0], srcpos[1], newsize[0], newsize[1], size[0], size[1]      ifsave  false         return imagepngthumb     else       Create the png image and save it to passed location     return imagepngthumb, save      codepre
Negative 42922 pI am a bit stuck on one problem for a few hours now.p  pLets say I have a table with the following datap  precodemonth          outstanding 01052012     35 678 956 02052012     33 678 956 03052012     31 678 956 04052012     27 678 956 05052012     24 678 956 codepre  pi need to get the ratio of say, day 05052012 results to the first day of that month E.G. Outstanding of05052012 divided by outstanding 01052012 24 678 95635 678 956p  pWhat function should i use Tried doing over partition by  by result of tochartrunctrunca.date,MM, MM,DDMMYYYYp  pDidnt seem to work for mep
Negative 42922 pI have a class with a custom list which inherits from List and cannot get the NHibernate mapping working.p  precodepublic class MyClass    private MyListltFoogt foos    public virtual MyListltFoogt Foos          get  return foos        set  foos value       ltbag nameFoos accessproperty cascadealldeleteorphan batchsize5gt       ltkey columnMyClassIdgt       ltonetomany classDomain.Model.MyClass, Domaingt ltbaggt codepre  pI got the exceptionp  blockquote   pUnable to cast object of type NHibernate.Collection.Generic.PersistentGenericBagcode1[Domain.Model.Foo] to type Domain.Model.MyListcode1[Domain.Model.Foo]. p blockquote  pFollowing this a hrefhttpcolinjack.blogspot.de200809nhibernatemappingcustomcollections.html relnofollowbloga, I tried to wrap the bag in a component,p  precodeltcomponent nameFoos accessnosetter.camelcaseunderscoregt   ltbag nameFoos accessproperty cascadealldeleteorphan batchsize5gt       ltkey columnMyClassIdgt       ltonetomany classDomain.Model.MyClass, Domaingt   ltbaggt ltcomponentgt codepre  presulting in the errorp  blockquote   pCould not find a getter for property Foos in class Domain.Model.MyList1[Domain.Model.Foo] p blockquote  pMyList has only a method to add objects.p  precodepublic class MyListltTgt  ListltTgt      public new void AddT item              custom stuff          base.Additem       codepre
Negative 42922 pI have problem with scrolling that occure only on ie 9 and win 7.p  pDesired action is  when cursor is above the map scrolling makes zoom in and zoom out  when cursor is above the sidebar scrolling makes page up and page down.p  pUnfortunately on abovementioned combination scrolling make both. zooming and moving up and down.p  pWhy it is happeningp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to write up a realtime chat app using Websockets. I tried to set up a Websockets server using two different PHP implementations. a hrefhttpsgithub.comlemmingzshadowphpwebsocket relnofollowhttpsgithub.comlemmingzshadowphpwebsocketa and a hrefhttpcode.google.compphpwebsocketserver relnofollowhttpcode.google.compphpwebsocketservera I ran the server using xampp shell and both worked fine when I connected from the same computer. However, when I tried to connect using another computer in the same LAN, the server didnt even receive a handshake request.p  pIs that due to the sameorigin policy Is there a workaroundp  pI am using xampp 1.7.1 and PHP 5.3.8 if that mattersp
Negative 42922 pI use XAMPP 1.7.3. Apache and MySQL installed. Nothing else.p  pApache installed on default port 80. Clicking on Admin next to Apache opens codehttplocalhostxamppcode. Which works as expected.p  pI navigated to codexamppapacheconfhttpd.confcode and edited it. Set codeListen 8080code. Now codehttplocalhost8080xamppcode works as expected but the Admin button still opens codehttplocalhostxamppcode which does not open anything. I have restarted the computer after doing so with no results.p  pHow to make XAMPP apache admin open codelocalhost8080xamppcode p
Negative 42922 pI am developing java applet application, in which i have taken scrollpane and canvas with fixed height.p  pand i am writing some text using graphics.drawString function.p  pnow the problem is that, when I write string using Drawstring function,after last line I have to increase height of canvas and have to called paint method in code keyDown function .after paint method pervious data which i have already draw using drawstring function will not appeare. how to save content of canvas before paint and and to redraw in canvas after paintp  palso i want to set scroll position to the last drawstring line. how to set scroll positionp  pI am new to java applet.Please help me.p  precodeimport java.applet. import java.awt. import javax.swing.  public class test extends Applet       myCanvas1 c     ScrollPane s      public void init          setLayoutnew BorderLayout         s  new ScrollPane         s.setSize500, 500         addCenter, s         c  new myCanvas1         c.setSize500, 300         s.addc        class myCanvas1 extends Canvas       Image buffImage     Graphics offscreen     boolean initDone  false     int chw, chh  size of a char in pixels     int chd  offset of char from baseline     int width, height  size of applet in pixels     int w, h  size of applet in chars     Font fn     Graphics gr     int nh, nw      myCanvas1          super           public void paintGraphics g          if initDone              initpaintg          else              g.drawImagebuffImage, 0, 0, this                    public void updateGraphics g          g.drawImagebuffImage, 0, 0, this           public void initpaintGraphics g          try              nh  getHeight             nw  getWidth             gr  getGraphics             fn  new FontCourier, Font.PLAIN, 11             if fn  null                  gr.setFontfn                          FontMetrics fnm  gr.getFontMetrics             chw  fnm.getMaxAdvance             chh  fnm.getHeight             chd  fnm.getDescent             if chw  1 gt chh                  chw  chw  1  2                          h  nh  chh work out size of drawing area             w  nw  chw             buffImage  this.createImagenw, nh             offscreen  buffImage.getGraphics             offscreen.setColorColor.black             offscreen.fillRect0, 0, nw, nh             offscreen.setColorColor.white             offscreen.setFontfn             if initDone                  offscreen.drawStringHello World, 0, 50              else                  offscreen.drawStringkhushbu, 2, 50                          initDone  true             g.drawImagebuffImage, 0, 0, this          catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                    public boolean keyDownEvent e, int k          String s         for int i  0 i lt 30 i              s  Integer.toStringi             offscreen.drawStrings, 3, i  chh             offscreen.drawLine10, i  chh, 160, i  chh             if i gt h                  initDone  false                 nh  nh  chh  10                 this.setSizenw, nh                 paintgetGraphics                 this.invalidate                 repaint                               repaint         return true       codepre
Negative 42922 pSee this codep  precodeTicketStoreService fakeTicketStoreService  MockRepository.GenerateMockltTicketStoreServicegt  fakeTicketStoreService.Expectservice gt service.DoSomethingArg.Isnew Guid.Returnnew Guid fakeTicketStoreService.DoSomethingArg.Isnew Guid fakeTicketStoreService.VerifyAllExpectations codepre  pstrongNote that codeDoSomethingcode is a nonvirtual methodcall in an autogenerated class which inherits from NO interface.strong So it shouldnt work, according to common knowledge. strongBut it does.strongp  pProblem is that its the only non commercial framework that can do thisp  ul liRhino.Mocks works, and verification works tooli liFakeItEasy says it doesnt find a default constructor probably just wrong exception message codeNo default constructor was found on the type SomeNamespace.TicketStoreServicecodeli liMoq gives something sane and understandable codeInvalid setup on a nonvirtual overridable in VB member servicegt service.DoSomethingcodeli liNsubstitute gives a message codeSystem.NotSupportedException Cannot serialize member System.ComponentModel.Component.Site of type System.ComponentModel.ISite because it is an interface.codeli ul  pIm really wondering whats going on here with the frameworks, except Moq. The fancy new frameworks seem to have an initial perf hit too, probably preparing some Type cache and serializing stuff, whilst RhinoMocks somehow manages to create a very slim mock without recursion. I have to admit I didnt like RhinoMocks very well, but here it shines.. unfortunately. p  pstrongSo, is there a way to get that to work with newer noncommercial mocking frameworks, or somehow get a sane error message describing which of the 6 parameters I actually use was different in which way out of Rhino.Mocks And why can Rhino.Mocks achieve this, when clearly every Mocking framework states it can only work with virtual methods when given a concrete classstrongp  pemLets not derail the discussion by talking about alternative approaches like ExtractampOverride or runtimeproxy Mocking frameworks like JustMockTypeMockMoles or the new Fakes framework, I know these, but that would be less ideal solutions, for reasons beyond this topic.emp  pAny help appreciated..p
Negative 42922 pHihi,p  pI made a webpage for a restaurant two years ago in .asp 2.0 with news feature and the well known upload.asp script to upload image.p  pIt has worked perfectly until some months ago  I was certain it was a problem with the hosting company but they say all privilege are on.p  pThis is the error I get SaveBinaryData error 800a0bbcp  pNow I tried to copypase the same files from the same CMS system I made from other webpages I did which are hosted at other companies  I pasted them into the restaurants FTP area  and that throws that error but other webpages with the same feature works perfectlyp  pIsnt that a 100 proof that the issue is the hosting companyp
Negative 42922 pOne of the customers are facing difficulty while logging into our webiste, whenever the user types the first character in UserName text box on the sign in page, he gets below JavaScript error message.p  pUnable to get value of property keyCode object is null or undefinedp  pWe do check for event.keyCode to validate the userName textbox , so as soon as the user types the first character we send the event.keyCode for validation which is failing.p  pThe browser is internet Explorer 9 and we are not able to reproduce the problem in our workstation which has I9p
Negative 42922 pI have a web application I have developed on a server on my home computer. Is it possible to access that web page from another computer on my home networkp  pMy naive approach was just enter my ip address followed by the port number code8888code which the server is listening on...p  pAny help would be great thank you.p
Negative 42922 pDoes anyone know if it is possible to generate link looking like this httptw.appstore.comabc   url shortener used by the App Store official Twitter accountp  pIt would be really convenient if Apple would give an interface to do that. But I couldnt find anything yet...p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have caused a problem some where and port 80 is fine, but 443 https is not working and there is an SSL Connection error, rather that just stating an untrusted site. I would like to revert this back to normal. p  pI would like to completely remove any SSL reference, so that it can be installed by my ISP, but they will not do this until the conf files are working correctly.p  pAny help would be much appreciatedp  pI am usingp  pWHM 11.32.2 build 25 CENTOS 5.2 i686 xenpvp  pApache2.2.22 Unix modssl2.2.22 OpenSSL0.9.8efipsrhel5 modauthpassthrough2.1 modbwlimited1.4 FrontPage5.0.2.2635 PHP5.3.13 Server Built Jul 4 2012 064210 p
Negative 42922 pI have installed carbide c 2.7 , S60 3rd edition FP2, activePerl on Drive C. carbide c detects that the sdk is installed and I can create Symbian OS C projects too. When  I build the projects, all the executables are created and when I run the emulator debug, the emulator starts and then after few seconds it terminates. I followed the instruction come with sdk on how to install the sdk on vista well same should apply for win 7 ryt.. please help me.. Even I cannot run Hello world program.. Dp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to set up a custom Maintenance page on MVC 3 but specifically on Azure. Basically to keep it SEO friendly i need to return a 503 Service Unavailable. All my other custom error pages work in Azure eg 404 following the usual p  precodeltcustomErrors modeOngt   lterror statusCode404 redirect404.htmgt   lterror statusCode503 redirect503.htmgt ltcustomErrorsgt codepre  pThe 404 page works but the 503 is not  followed and i simply get an ugly service unavailable page. I have the 500 error working fine through error.cshtml and the standard HandleErrorAttribute.p  pI even try returning my own ActionResult from an ActionFilter by using the followingp  precodepublic class SiteDownForTestingResult  ActionResult      public SiteDownForTestingResult  base                public override void ExecuteResultControllerContext context              var path  System.Web.Hosting.HostingEnvironment.MapPathapptesting.htm          var response  context.HttpContext.Response          response.Clear         response.StatusCode  intHttpStatusCode.ServiceUnavailable         response.StatusDescription  Service Unavailable.         response.WriteFilepath         response.End        codepre  pwere apptesting is my custom page, and then setting the codefilterContext.Result  new SiteDownForTestingResultcode from OnActionExecuting of an ActionFilter and still im greeted by the plain 503 service unavailable page                    p  pIs this something to do with application.config on Azure locking something or other i dont know about. This works fine on IIS7 and my local box, but the Emulator and Cloud both give no joy.p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pExample a hrefhttpbit.lyLWZv42 relnofollowhttpbit.lyLWZv42ap  pCoding a one page layout with animated scroll for Nav. Everything works perfect in desktop, but on the iPad you simply cant go back and forth by clicking the nav li links. I noticed though if you click a nav link then scroll a little downup the page it will work. p  precodefunction initsiteNav      function goToByScrollid         html,body.animatescrollTop id.offset.top,slow           .siteMenu li.home a.clickfunction         goToByScrollbody         return false           .siteMenu li.clients a.clickfunction         goToByScrollportfolioWrap         return false           .siteMenu li.contact a.clickfunction         goToByScrollcontactMapHolder         return false       codepre  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 42922 pWhen I searched about toast in stackoverflow I have found many things which were related to my problem.However none of them solved my problem. In my android app I am supposed to show many toasts after eachother.However when I try to do so, next toast waits for the current toast to finish. Even if I used cancel for toast , it seems to me it never works.Please offer me a exact solution.Thank you..p  precodeinflater  getLayoutInflater     backgForToastViewGroup findViewByIdR.id.toastlayoutroot     layout  inflater.inflateR.layout.toastbackground,backgForToast     textForToast  TextView layout.findViewByIdR.id.text      textForToast.setTexttoastMessage     toast.setGravityGravity.TOPGravity.LEFT, toastX290,toastY290     toast.setViewlayout     toast.show      Handler handler  new Handler     long delay  500      handler.postDelayednew Runnable          Override         public void run              toast.cancel              , delay codepre
Negative 42922 pi would like simply to create a 301 redirect, but my code doesnt work and returns a beautiful 404 page .p  pI think the problem is the  in the from url, i tried to escape it but it doesnt work anymore.p  precodeRewriteRule produit.phpPDTID473 product.phpidproduct210 [R301] codepre  pThanks to take a lookp
Negative 42922 pI want to implement logout from facebook using facebook C sdk in my windows phone appp  pMy primary question is how do we logout using Facebook C SDK in WP7p  pI found this article in search p  pa hrefhttpclaudiufarcas.blogspot.in201106wp7webbrowsercachingandfacebook.html relnofollowArticle linkap  pthere he is trying to find the logout url using regex, but that did not working in my appp  pwhen i try that the browser navigated event is going into infinite loopp  pyou can share any samplesposts related to facebook logout in windows phone 7.p  pI want logout should happen with out user intervention, after he clicks on a button he should looged out from facebook and from next time he should see the login pagep  pI tried following postsblogs also but no use.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6240468loggingoutoffacebookcsharpsdkonwp7LINK 1ap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6240468loggingoutoffacebookcsharpsdkonwp7LINK 2a this giving error while splitting the accesstokenp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pstrongLogOutButtonCodestrongp  precode FacebookClient fbClient  new FacebookClientfbaccess.AccessToken         var logoutParams  new Dictionaryltstring, objectgt         logoutParams.Addnext, httpswww.facebook.comconnectloginsuccess.html         logoutParams.Add,          var logoutUrl  fbClient.GetLogoutUrllogoutParams         BrowserControl.Navigated  new EventHandlerltSystem.Windows.Navigation.NavigationEventArgsgtBrowserControlNavigated          BrowserControl.Navigatenew UrilogoutUrl.AbsoluteUri codepre  pstrongNavigated Event CODEstrongp  precodeif e.Uri.AbsoluteUri  httpswww.facebook.comconnectloginsuccess.html                        NavigationService.Navigatenew UriMainPage.xaml, UriKind.Relative          codepre  pe.Uri.AbsoluteUri returns codehttpswww.facebook.comhome.phpcodep  pLogout URL i am getting from the server codehttpswww.facebook.comlogout.phpnexthttpswww.facebook.comconnectloginsuccess.htmlcodep
Negative 42922 pi have a working safari extension and i able to install it manually by dragging it on safari web browser. i want to know how can i install it programmatically. i have done this for firefox, chrome and IE. in firefox just copy your .xpi file to this folder CUsersadminAppDataRoamingMozillaFirefoxProfilesxxx.defaultextensions in windows 7 and your extension will get installed.p  pand in chrome you have to write these registry keysp  precodeWindows Registry Editor Version 5.00 [HKEYLOCALMACHINESOFTWAREWow6432NodeGoogleChromeExtensionsdlilbimladfdhkfbbcbjjnbleakbogef] version3.6 pathCextension.crx codepre  pbut in safari when i copy my .safariextz file to this folder CUsersadminAppDataLocalApple ComputerSafariExtensions than extension not get installed. can anybody guide me how can i do this.p
Negative 42922 pI have one problem with java heap memory. I developed one client server application in java which is run as a windows service it requires more than 512MB of memory. I have 2GB of RAM but when I run my application it throws an exceptionp  blockquote   pOut of memory errorjava heap spacep blockquote  pbut I have already set heap size maximum  512MB in the java control panel and I still get the same error. I cant set heap size through the command line because my application runs as a windows service so how can I increase the default heap sizep
Negative 42922 pI have a list string full of a range of different types of data. Im reading into the list string line at a time and with each line i split it using p  pcodestring[] tableNa  line.Split,codep  pthis gets all the different pieces of data in a line that are seperated by commas. however i have some lines like this p  pcode47,493,1  EMPTY, 2  SEND, 3  SENDING, 4  SENT, 5  NOTSENT.                        ,0,codep  pand i would like the split to not work within the quote marks,as i need to keep this as one piece of data. Is this possible  p
Negative 42922 pp  pIm wanting to be able to run a system command when an IPTable rule is hit, passing the IP address of the remote device to it.p  pIve had a look around but found nothing. I thought of grepping logs, but Im expecting a lot of traffic..p  pAny help would be fantasticp  pThanksp  pIf it helps, Ubuntu Linux is my platform of choicep
Negative 42922 pI have a small codeJSFcode application and the scope of the pages are coderequestcode. I would like to have a method in my JSFs managed bean for logging codeuseridcode and codepage namecode to database. When I added this method to the constructor of bean, details are getting logged for every method is being called due to the fact that scope of the page is coderequestcode.p  pWhat is the best way to log the above details only once when user first access the pages after logging into my application Idea is which all pages user visited for each logging. What is the best way to achieve thisp  pMy JSF version is 1.1.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIn my native android project I need to reduce a size of video file.p  pIve already built ffmpeg libraries for android. p  pHow do I init ffmpeg libraries in my project and how to reduce video size without calling to ffmpeg in android command line.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions46155validateemailaddressinjavascriptValidate email address in Javascripta  p blockquote    pI am trying to use this javascript to check for a valid email, but what I dont need it to do is check to see if the field is blank in the form in case someone doesnt have an email address dont ask.p  precodefunction validateemailfield,alerttxt  with field  aposvalue.indexOf dotposvalue.lastIndexOf. if aposlt1dotposaposlt2    alertalerttxtreturn false else return true    function validateformthisform  with thisform    if validateemailemail,Not a valid email address.false   email.focusreturn false   codepre  pI tried to adjust the aposlt1 to less than 1 or nothing at all and that didnt seem to work.p
Negative 42922 pI dont understand something in JBPM API. I have two users on a task at the same time. The first one chooses a transition and completes the task, so the TaskInstance is now ended. The second user does the same but gets a nullPointerException  getAvalaibleTransition returns null. p  pWhy would getAvailableTransition of class TaskInstance return null  Its the same node, transitions should be the same p  pI am a total newbie with JBPM. Just testing the behaviour of an application in response to competitive actions and ran into this error...p
Negative 42922 pI am getting wrong column names when using union.p  pHere is what i do, i have two very big tables with same structure and different records, so here it is.p  precodemysqlgt select  from e18 where 15 like car limit 1   id    1     2   3     4     5     6     7     8     9     10    11    12    13    14    15           16    17    18    19    20    21    22      23    24    25    26    27    28    29    30    31    32    33    34    35    36    37    38           2730  2730  18  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  cars stuff  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL   5  1   NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  yy          1 row in set  mysqlgt select  from e8 where 15 like car union select  from e10 where 15 like car union select  from e18 where 15 like car limit 1   id    1     2   3     4     5     6     7     8     9     10    11    12    13    14    16    17           18    19    20    21    22    23    24    25      26    27    28    29    30    31    32    33    34    35    36    37    38    15           2730  2730  18  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  cars stuff  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL   5  1   NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  NULL  yy          1 row in set codepre  pUnion all and union return same result in this case.p  pThere is only one row with word part car in it and it is in table e18.p  pstrongFor some reason, column names in result that i get from using usion are messed up, looks like i am missing something, any ideas what it is strongp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pTrying to determine how to pass proxy authentication credentials via Powershell. Im using the following code, which works for nonproxy connectionsp  precodeAmazonS3  [Amazon.AWSClientFactory]CreateAmazonS3ClientS3AccessKeyID, S3SecretKeyID S3PutRequest  NewObject Amazon.S3.Model.PutObjectRequest  S3PutRequest.BucketName  S3BucketName S3PutRequest.Key  S3ObjectKey S3Response  AmazonS3.PutObjectS3PutRequest codepre  pThe Amazon AWS SDK documentation mentions using the CreateAmazonS3Client object using this method CreateAmazonS3ClientString, String, AmazonS3Config. AmazonS3Config appears to be an XML file with information containing the proxy settings but I have not discovered the proper syntax for it or where the file should be located. p  pI would appreciate any suggestions or examples of how to configure this properly to authenticate to a proxy.p
Negative 42922 pIm first time trying to write a stored procedure in sql server and the codes as below. Here when I add with rollup at the end of the query, it shows error Incorrect syntax strongnear the keyword withstrongp  precodeDROP PROCEDURE FIRSTPROCEDURE SET ANSINULLS ON GO SET QUOTEDIDENTIFIER ON GO CREATE PROCEDURE FIRSTPROCEDURE startdate nchar8, enddate nchar8 AS BEGIN SET NOCOUNT ON select Date, SUMQT1, SUMQTY2, SUMqTY3 FROM dbo.TABLE1 where date between startdate and enddate  group by Date order by Date WITH ROLLUP END GO codepre  pAnd tried to execute the procedure as below p  precodeexec firstprocedure 20120501, 20120525 codepre
Negative 42922 pSo I make a couple of images for my eclipse view plugin. Works perfectly. I wake up the next day and the program now tells me that it can no longer find those files. The files are definitely still in the same place I left them, and I havent touched the code in 24 hrs. Ive been messing with this for an hr now and I dont even know where the start debugging this, as my program was fine yesterday. p  pSample.gif is in the icons folder of my plugin. Ive tried moving it to the src folder, and that doesnt work either. p  pError message p  precodeorg.eclipse.swt.SWTException io error java.io.FileNotFoundException sample.gif No such file or directory codepre  pCode when I remove this line and all lines of code that use testImage, the plugin runs again p  precodeImage testImage  new Imagenull, sample.gif codepre  pAnyone have any idea what could possibly be causing this, or what information i can provide for someone to give me a direction as to how to debugp
Negative 42922 pIs there a way I can insert a slide in bxSlider from ajax and it does not affect the smoothnessp  pI want to show the contents of only 1 slide on the page load and then clicking of next or prev will load the content accordingly.p  pHere is what I tried.p  precode    ltdiv idslider1gt     ltdiv classhotProp pagergt     Here is div content for the first time page load             ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     function             pagecount  0             var slider  slider1.bxSlider             easingswing,             controls true,           gonext.clickfunction                     pagecount  1                                              send request for next four properties                     scriptname  sfrequestgtgetScriptName                     .getJSONscriptnamefrontendprojects, pagecount pagecount, functionresponse                     divcontent  ltdiv classhotProp pagergtltdiv classclrgtltdivgt                     divcontent is content for the next slide                     slider1.htmldivcontent                             slider.goToNextSlide        return false            codepre  pIt seems like I hijacked the content of slide Pp  pPlease let me know how can I achieve this using API of bxSlider. I tried using buildPager, but couldnt get slideIndex as expected.p
Negative 42922 pI cant get a dir listing in PHP when connecting ftpsslconnect. Works fine in filezilla.p  precodelt connid  ftpsslconnecthost,port,10 result  ftploginconnid, user, pass  echo ftppwdconnid.n  vardump ftpnlistconnid,   gt codepre  preturnsp  pp  pboolfalsep  pIve also tried with pasv mode but no luck.p  pIt takes a long time after nlist command  its as if its timing out.p
Negative 42922 pI have a controller with two methods. One to delete a user another to remove a user from a role. p  precode    Controller     RequestMappingvaluerestusers     public class UsersCtrlr           RequestMappingvalueusername., methodRequestMethod.DELETE         public ResponseBody HttpStatusDoc deleteUserHttpServletRequest req, PathVariable String username           ...                   RequestMappingvalueusername.rolesrole., methodRequestMethod.DELETE         public ResponseBody HttpStatusDoc deleteUserRoleHttpServletRequest req, PathVariable String username, PathVariable String role           ...               codepre  pMy front end makes a jquery ajax call with a url as followsp  precoderestusersjdoefoo.comrolessomerole codepre  pThis uri is being mapped to the deleteUser method with a codeusernamecode equal to codesomerolecodep  pIm trying to get the uri to map to the deleteUserRole and have the codeusernamecode set to codejdoefoo.comcode and coderolecode set to codesomerolecode.p  pWhy wont the uri map to the deleteUserRole Does it have something to do with the regular expressions in the RequestMappingsp
Negative 42922 pI have jQuery Fancybox 2 plugin from fancybox.net and I created a multiple links loop id records from database using fancybox.ajax as class look like this...p  precodelta classajaxbox hrefshowproduct.phpid1 titleShow ProductgtShow Product ID 1ltagt lta classajaxbox hrefshowproduct.phpid2 titleShow ProductgtShow Product ID 2ltagt lta classajaxbox hrefshowproduct.phpid3 titleShow ProductgtShow Product ID 3ltagt codepre  pand my javascript code...p  precodefunction     .ajaxbox.fancybox         maxWidth  900,         maxHeight  700,         fitToView  false,         autoSize      true,         openEffect  none,         closeEffect  none,         type  ajax       codepre  pIn IE and Safari it works great without any problems but I got a problem in Chrome and Firefox 14.0.1 The problem is when I click X button the fancybox is closed but when I open same fancybox.ajax again the backgroud opacity get darker and I try to close fancybox again the content is closed but the background is still dark. I have to click on the dark background again to close opacity effect. So, I try to open same fancybox.ajax same link again third time and I got background more darker than second time.p  pBtw. others fancybox function is ok only problem with ajax function.p
Negative 42922 pI am new to iPhone,p  pI want to repeat my PatternImage in ScrollView.p  pstrongLogicstrong code768bg.gifcode is my image and this image i added to codeUIImageViewcode and then Imageview is added to codeUIScrollViewcode, but image is not getting repeated.p  pHere is my code snippet,p  precode    CGRect scrollViewFrame  CGRectMake0, 0, 1000, 600     UIScrollView scrollVw  [[UIScrollView alloc] initWithFramescrollViewFrame]     [self.view addSubviewscrollVw]     [scrollVw release]      UIImage image1  [UIImage imageNamed768bg.gif]      self.imageView  [[UIImageView alloc] initWithImageimage1]      [scrollVw addSubviewself.imageView]      scrollVw.contentSize  CGSizeMakeimage1.size.width100, image1.size.height100 codepre  pstrongAny help will be appriciated.strongp
Negative 42922 pWe use a java application, it has a date selection field, when you click there a small calendar opens. First day of the week is Sunday there. But I want it to be Monday. I try to change it from Windows Control Panel from Date settings. I set Windows calendars first day to Thursday, for instance. But in Java applications calendar, first day of the week is still Sunday. Is it possible to change the Java applications first day of the week from Windows, or is it only changed from Java applications codep  pRegardsp
Negative 42922 pFor examplep  precodeenum ABC    apple   0xe,   banana  0xd,   orange,   pineapple  codepre  pCan codeorangecode automatically get the value of code0xccode and codepineapplecode code0xbcodep
Negative 42922 pI am building a java web application that talks to a MYSQL database. When a request comes in there are several things that have to be done.p  pFirst I have to validate some data. To to this I have a static method that gets passed some data and verifies that it is accurate. Part of this validation requires me to query the database using another static method that returns a ResultSetp  pie Web app calls ValidateString data which calls queryDatap  pWhen I do this it runs fine.p  pNow, after the data has been called I call another static function that inserts some data into the database. This insertion function calls sometimes but not always the exact same queryData function to get the data.p  pie web app call insertDatadata which calls queryData. so the program flow is as followsp  precodeWebapp gt Validate           gtqueryData            lt lt  gtinsertData           gtqueryData            lt lt codepre  pI am querying the database with PreparedStatement that are locally defines in the queryData methodp  pAs I said, the validation method works fine, but when it comes to the insert method the application crashes. p  pI have double checked that the SQL statements are identical in both cases and I have even printed out the memory location of the result set and they are located in different places. However, when I print out the isBeforeFirst for the result set it is true in the validation method but false in the insert method.p  pIt seems that JDBC is returning a duplicate of the ResultSet it is saved at a different memory location but it isnt actually creating a new ResultSet that would be positioned before the first row .p  pThe simple solution is to simply return the resultSet to before first but this doesnt solve the problem. It still says that the resultSet is not before first. p  pDoes anybody have any idea why this is happeningp
Negative 42922 pEmbeded Youtube video in UIWebview. How can i play this you tube video using UIWebview when UIButton is pressed.p  precode voidviewDidLoad   CGRect rect  [[UIScreen mainScreen] bounds] CGSize screenSize  rect.size  UIWebView webView  [[UIWebView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake0,0,screenSize.width,screenSize.height] webView.autoresizesSubviews  YES webView.autoresizingMaskUIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth  NSString videoUrl  httphttpwww.youtube.comvoHg5SJYRHA0 NSString htmlString  [NSString stringWithFormatlthtmlgtltheadgtltmeta name  viewport content  initialscale  1.0, userscalable  no, width  212gtltheadgtltbody stylebackgroundF00margintop0pxmarginleft0pxgtltdivgtltobject width320 height480gtltparam namemovie valuegtltparamgtltparam namewmode valuetransparentgtltparamgtltembed src typeapplicationxshockwaveflash wmodetransparent width320 height480gtltembedgtltobjectgtltdivgtltbodygtlthtmlgt,videoUrl,videoUrl]      [webView loadHTMLStringhtmlString baseURL[NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.youtube.com]]  [window addSubviewwebView] [webView release]   [super viewDidLoad]  Do any additional setup after loading the view.   codepre  pWhen user presses this UIButton it should start playing embedded youtube videop  precodeUIButton videoButton  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeCustom]  [videoButton addTargetself actionselectorVideoAction forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside] videoButton.frame  CGRectMake0, 0, 40, 40 UIImage icn  [UIImage imageNamedVideoicon.png] [videoButton setImageicn forStateUIControlStateNormal] UIBarButtonItem video  [[UIBarButtonItem alloc] initWithCustomViewvideoButton] codepre  pHow can i play youtube video.p  pThanks for help.p
Negative 42922 pthis is probably simple to those who know I hopep  pI have an Oracle spatial database with a geometry column containing a list of node points, in northingeasting format if its releventp  pI need to select those objects which fall within a given radius of a given point.p  pNorthings and Eastings are 1 meter apart which makes it a bit easier.p  pIdeally this should include objects which cross the area even if their node points fall outside it.p  pIs this an easyish query Maybe using SDOWITHINDISTANCEp  pThe table looks like thisp  precodeMyTable ID NUMBER NAME VARCHAR220 DESC VARCHAR250 GEOM SDOGEOMETRY codepre  pThanks for any helpp
Negative 42922 pI have a service in android application. The service exposes its interface for other applications through aidl. I would like to know the application package of the application which calls my services methods. Is it possiblep  pOf course, I can store a HashMap and create a new binder for each callee, but it seems awful solution for me.p  pAny ideas Thanks.p
Negative 42922 pI have a function call that returns an objectp  precoder  Foox,y codepre  pwhere codercode has a rich set of nested properties. For example, I can access coder.propa.propb.propccode. I would like to mock codeFoocode, such that a specific leaf property of codercode is modified, i.e. such that coder.propa.propb.propccode returns a value under my controlp  precodegtgt r  Foox,y gtgt r.propa.propb.propc fish gtgt  some mock magic patching of Foo is taking place here gtgt r  Foox,y gtgt r.propa.propb.propc myfish codepre  pI do not care about intermediate properties much. p  pbIs there an elegant way to mock nested properties with a hrefhttpwww.voidspace.org.ukpythonmockindex.html relnofollowmockab p
Negative 42922 pI have a WebService thats being called from a remote Java program. I want to secure the Web Service with WSTrust, using PicketLink. PicketLink is working, and I can obtain a token assertion from the picketlinksts, using the WSTrustClient class.p  pBut in JBoss 7, there appears to be no way to supply any of the clientside WS runtime classes with this token. The samples on the JBoss sites use thisp  precodeBindingProvider port.getRequestContext.putSAML2Constants.SAML2ASSERTIONPROPERTY, assertion codepre  pBut org.picketlink.trust.jbossws.SAML2Constants does not exist because there are no org.picketlink.trust packages in any of the JBoss 7 or PicketLink jars.p
Negative 42922 pI am working on an Android app.The following is my screenshot of my screen without softkeyboard and with softkeyboard.img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comftBwH.png altwithout softkeyboard p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGsdu2.png altwith soft keyboard bp  pWhen the soft keyboard is shown the whole screen compresses.Instead of that I want to compress only the listview [middle portion]. The top and bottom layouts must be the same size.p
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to toggle showhide for data that is dynamically populated in a php loopp  pIve been around and around trying to figure out the best way to do this, but I just dont think I know enough to make this work and Im not sure what best practice is. p  pHeres the situation p  ol liApplicants are submitting abstracts via my website, and they go into a databaseli liAdministrators log in, and view the submitted results this is a table that has some of the basic information, but not the abstract text because that is too long. li liI would like to have a strongbutton or something else that will showhide the abstract textstrong, along with giving the administrator the opportunity to assign the abstract to a session. li ol  pI thought I could just do a jquery showhide button thing, but I cant get it to work. Heres the code and note this is all development and not all security features are here. I say this because theres inevitably someone that will comment on sessions or escape strings, etc. p  precodeltphp includeoncexxx.php conn  new connectorfunction  query  SELECT  FROM tablename ORDER BY abstractid result  mysqlqueryquery  numfields  mysqlnumfieldsresult data  array flist  array  fori0iltnumfieldsiflist[]  mysqlfieldnameresult,i data[0]  flist   whilerow  mysqlfetchassocresult   data[]  row  print    lttrgt    lttdgt    ltspan styletextdecoration underlinegtAuthorltspangt    ltbr gt     . row[abstractauthor] .    lttdgt    lttdgt    ltspan styletextdecoration underlinegtTitleltspangt     . row[presentationtitle] .    ltbr gt   ltbuttongtViewAssignltbuttongt   lttdgt    lttdgt       if row[abstractcategory]  NULL   print        Needs Session           else  print        Assigned           print    lttr styledisplaynonegt lttd colspan3gt  . row[abstracttext] .  lttrgt   lttr styledisplaynonegt    lttd colspan3gt       ltform actionassignsession.php methodpost idformgt     ltlabel forabstractcategorygtAssign Session     ltinput typehidden nameabstractid value. row[abstractid] . gt     ltinput typeradio nameabstractcategory valuesession1 gtSession One     ltinput typeradio nameabstractcategory valuesession2 gtSession Two     ltinput typeradio nameabstractcategory valuenotapplicable gtNot Applicable               ltbutton typesubmit formactionassignsession.phpgtAssignltbuttongtltlabelgt  ltformgt     lttdgt   lttrgt       gt codepre  pSo you can see, theres a button lt button ViewAssignlt  button  p  pAnd there are the two lt tr  with the display none style. p  pThe table looks really great when it is populated, I just need a good way for the admins to see the abstract text, but I dont seem to be able to successfully point to jquery functions within php. Any advice on the best way to handle thisp
Negative 42922 pI build a static library that links against other frameworks, particularly CoreLocation. I want to use features provided by iOS 5 but be compatible with 4.3.p  pMy app crash at launch when I start it on iOS devices in 4.3 with this error p  precodeDateTime       20120822 164453.900 0200 OS Version      iPhone OS 4.3.3 8J3 Report Version  104  Exception Type  EXCBREAKPOINT SIGTRAP Exception Codes 0x00000001, 0xe7ffdefe Crashed Thread  0  Dyld Error Message   Symbol not found UIKeyboardDidChangeFrameNotification codepre  pThe problem I encounter is described in this post  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3313786ios4appcrashesatstartuponios313symbolnotfoundnsconcretestackbliOS 4 app crashes at startup on iOS 3.1.3 Symbol not found NSConcreteStackBlocka.p  pBut how do you deal with that when building a static library  I cant compile when I set the weaklSystem flag. Here is a trace p  precodeApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool dynamic not specified, allload invalid ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool dynamic not specified the following flags are invalid ObjC  ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool cant locate file for weaklSystem ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool file weaklSystem is not an object file not allowed in a library ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool file ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperPlatformsiPhoneOS.platformDeveloperSDKsiPhoneOS5.1.sdkusrliblibxml2.2.dylib is a dynamic library, not added to the static library ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool file ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperPlatformsiPhoneOS.platformDeveloperSDKsiPhoneOS5.1.sdkusrliblibxml2.2.dylib is a dynamic library, not added to the static library ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool file ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperPlatformsiPhoneOS.platformDeveloperSDKsiPhoneOS5.1.sdkusrliblibz.dylib is a dynamic library, not added to the static library ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool file ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperPlatformsiPhoneOS.platformDeveloperSDKsiPhoneOS5.1.sdkusrliblibz.dylib is a dynamic library, not added to the static library Command ApplicationsXcode.appContentsDeveloperToolchainsXcodeDefault.xctoolchainusrbinlibtool failed with exit code 1 codepre  pstrongResolvedstrongp  pSee accepted answer below and do not forget to mark libraries used in different versions as Optional in Xcode. Ex I use UIKit new notification for iOS 5 but my deployement target is 4.3 so I need to mark this library as Optional in order to make things work. It is the same for CoreLocation CLGeocoder new iOS 5 class.p
Negative 42922 pIm getting an error when running the following code thru an codeASP C .NETcode pagep  precode SELECT 1 FROM [database].INFORMATIONSCHEMA.TABLES   WHERE TABLETYPEBASE TABLE AND TABLENAMEexampletable codepre  pThe code runs perfectly when I run it in the codesql management studio querycode window. Its also only broken for 1 specific codeservercode  when I run on a different codeservercode with a different codeconnection stringcode, it works fine.p  pIve scoured the internet, and all I can seem to find as an answer is that there are issues with case sensitivity, but Im using all uppercase, and the table in question is using codeSQLLatin1GeneralCP1CIAS collationcode anyway.p  pBased on all this, Im pretty sure its some kind of permissions issue, but Im not really sure where to look.p  pThe error Im gettingp  blockquote   pInvalid object name database.INFORMATIONSCHEMA.TABLES.p blockquote  pThe connection stringp  precodeltadd nameconnectionName connectionStringData Sourceservername Initial Catalogmaster User IDuser Passwordpw providerNameSystem.Data.SqlClientgt codepre  pUPDATEp  pSome more information  I had adapted this code from some older VB stuff that basically does the same thing.  The VB code runs the same exact query on the same servers and databases, but it works.p  pThe VB codep  precodeDim connStr As String  ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStringsconnectionName.ConnectionString Dim objConnection As SqlConnection  New SqlConnectionconnStr Dim objCommand As SqlCommand  New SqlCommandSELECT 1 FROM [database].INFORMATIONSCHEMA.TABLES WHERE TABLETYPEBASE TABLE AND TABLENAMEexampletable, objConnection objCommand.CommandType  CommandType.Text  objConnection.Open codepre  pThe C and VB code both use the exact same connection string from web.config, so I suppose that leads me to doubt that it would be a permissions issue.  Still no clue what the problem is though.p
Negative 42922 pI have a program very basic with just functions and variables and performs some calculations. The build part is fine. there is only cout, adding, multiplying etc very elementary stuff.p  pOn linux, program runs fine on eclipse cdt, runs in about 34 secondsp  pWhen the program runs on windows 7 on visual studio 2010 c, took 163 seconds when the program runs on windows 7 eclipse c with MinGW, alotp  pWhat is going on herep  pEDIT lets not call it c, its just alot of C functions here, here is the code from the mainp  precode    foutput1  fopenFILENAME1, w foutput2  fopenFILENAME2, w solveSystem OutputStepToFile iter do      temporalExternalChangetim     do              solveSystem         iter      while iterltTFOUT     iter  0     OutputStepToFile     timdtTFOUT     if fmodtim,TPRINTlt0.0cout ltlt nt ltlt tim ltlt ms  whiletimltTTOTAL codepre  pSolveSystem is the following partial which just functions that do calculations to some variablesp  precode      void solveSystem         fsGCcGMPformation         cGMP formation falp1AdActIP3form        Norepinephrine receptor fIVoCC                    Voltage dependent calcium current ICaL fIKv                      Delayed rectifier current IK fIBKCa                    Calciumactivated potassium      ...     ...     ... fVoltageChange performODEstep  codepre  pOutputStepToFile function is simply using C style file outputp  precode   void OutputStepToFile         fprintffoutput1,g g g g g g g g ,Vm, tim, Cai, Nai, Ki, Cli, Cau, Car                                                        1     fprintffoutput1,g g g g g g g ,dL, fL, BKCaa, KvDa, KvDislow, KvDifast, KCNQa       8     fprintffoutput1,g g g g ,PSOC, R01, R10, R11    15     fprintffoutput1,g g g g g g g g gn, hIP3, RSG, RSPG, G, IP3, PIP2, DAG, VcGMP, cGMP   22       Store Ca,K,Cl,Na ion channels     fprintffoutput2,g g g g g g g g g , ICaL,  ICaT,  IBKCa, IKvD, IKCNQ, IK2P, IKir, IKATP, ICaCC      Store ROCsSOCs     fprintffoutput2,g g g g g g g ,   INaNSC, IKNSC, ICaNSC, INSC, ISOCNa, ISOCCa, ISOC      store SR dynamic currents, cotransporters, pumps and exchangers     fprintffoutput2,g g g g g g g g ,    Iup, Itr, Irel, IIP3, IPMCA, INaK, INCX, INaKClCl     fprintffoutput2,g g g g g gn,     Istim, VcGMPbar,  ICatotm,   INatotm,   ICltotm,   IKtotm     codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to run a DFA detrended fluctuation analysis fractal function on an OHLC text file. However, after letting R run overnight 6 hours, it still did not finish processing my first DFA function. Previously, I did run the code on a much smaller subset of my original file and it worked perfectly. Here is the function that Im referring to package codefractalcodep  precodeDFA1 lt DFAx1, detrendpoly1, sum.order0, overlap0, scale.maxtrunclengthx12, scale.minNULL, scale.ratio2, verboseFALSE codepre  pIs there anything I can do to speed it upp  pstrongUPDATES RECOMMENDATIONS OF GSEEstrongp  precodedputheadx1, 20 c1.5018, 1.5019, 1.5019, 1.5019, 1.5018, 1.5018, 1.5018, 1.5017,  1.5018, 1.5017, 1.5015, 1.5015, 1.5017, 1.5016, 1.5016, 1.5016,  1.501, 1.5009, 1.5011, 1.5012  lengthoneclose [1] 3927637 codepre
Negative 42922 pIve been looking this up, but none of the methods I have tried worked. p  pI basically want to take the line the caret is on from one textbox, and scroll the second textbox to the same position. p  pThis is what I triedp  precode        int line  textBox1.GetLineFromCharIndextextBox1.SelectionStart         Point pNew  new Point         pNew.X  0         pNew.Y  line         textBox2.SelectionStart  textBox2.GetCharIndexFromPositionpNew         textBox2.ScrollToCaret codepre  pAll I want to do is keep the second textbox as scrolled as much as the first textbox. p
Negative 42922 pWhat Is the Easiest way to Play Sound on the Iphone I have an mp3 file, Id rather keep it and not convert it to other format.p
Negative 42922 precode    document.readyfunction              cover img.clickfunctionevent                      var selectedscript  this.attrid              alertselectedscript         alertrunselectedscript              runselectedscript.hide                ltdivgt     ltimg idrun0 srcplay.png gt ltdivgt codepre  pCode above doesnt hide image when clicked. When I alert I get correct value for the ID.p  pWhat am I missingp  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a database module in Python which connects to the database, extract the data from the table login. The extract data i.e username and password is hold by the variable uname and passw inside method inside the class. I am trying to that database module in login.py and I am gonna need the variable uname and passw. How can I access the variable  Heres the database.py.p  precodeusrbinpython  import MySQLdb as mdb   class data     hey  ok     def initself         Retrieves the data from the database      def dbself            Database Connection         con  mdb.connectlocalhost, root, devil, data           Submit statements to SQL server         cursor  con.cursor                cursor.executeSELECT  FROM login          Retrieves data from SQL         rows  cursor.fetchall           row  listrows         self.uname  [x[1] for x in row]         self.passw  [k[2] for k in row]      hello  data codepre  pI want to call the variable uname and passw in login.py. How can I do thatp
Negative 42922 pI am developing a android app, i am facing force close issue when i am using Toast.makeText in my code, when i remove the line its working perfectly. Can anyone tell me the problem in this. i am pasting the screenshot of Log Cat.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6gaPG.png altScreenshot of Log Catp
Negative 42922 pI created an application that creates a background service. When I close the application the service is running and when I go back to get it back to bind bindService to it for communications.  p  pThe problem is that when I close the application and reenter, it significantly increases the memory in use. Spend 20Mb  24Mb, if I go out and come 24Mb  28Mb, 28Mb  30Mb ... Thus breaking up the application. I have no bitmaps. That if enough use static arrays but Ive tested and are not the source of the problem.  p  pWhen I close the application completely including service call System.exit0 and clean all the memory, but of course, I can call when I leave the service running as it closes. I tried to call the Garbage Collector System.gc and if I notice that memory decreases to close, but when you open the application again same memory increases.p  pI would greatly appreciate the help, Byep
Negative 42922 pI had an issue with a project getting the dreaded Error cannot attach to process ID 0. Tried everything I could and it wanted nothing to do with me. So I started a new project and readded all my files and frameworks and what not in it.p  pNow my project runs. It shows me the first screen in my storyboard. However, the ViewController class attached to the window is not getting loaded and neither is the NavController class attached to my navigation controller. I reset the class in the Identity Inspector but still it wants nothing to do with me.p  pI added some NSLogTest in the viewDidLoad methods of both my classes and theyre not getting called. However, I added that same line to the AppDelegate applicationDidFinishLoadingWithOptions and that one did pop up in the debugger.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 42922 pa quick question, how can I put the content of a loaded file into a JavaScript variablep  precodefunction myfunc     .layer.loadcontent.txt  codepre  pI can access it with div classlayer, of course, but how can I also pass the result to a variablep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI need to create a list of all the files in the document directory that match a pattern if possible place the file names if a scrollable UI and attached a gesture to each file name. In other words i need to create like a file dialog, if i may that the user can select the file and upon tapping the file name i trigger some method.p  pMy thinking is to use the followingp  precodeNSFileManager filemgr NSString currentpath NSArray filelist int count int i  filemgr  [NSFileManager defaultManager]  filelist  [filemgr contentsOfDirectoryAtPath tmp error nil]  count  [filelist count]  for i  0 i lt count i         NSLog , [filelist objectAtIndex i] codepre  pThe part with i find more challenging is to place the file list names in a scrollable UI,like in uilabel for each name and then make each label have a gesture so when the user tap it it will trigger a method.p  pany ideadraftsample code would be great. TIA.p
Negative 42922 pi have a list in my Android APP and i need to show a progress dialog when the user click on an item.p  pI use this code for starting the activity. I tried to put a progressdialog and always fail...p  pPasted the code and please tell me your opinion.p  precode    public OnClickListener myClickListener  new OnClickListener               public void onClickView v               String param1  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.txtdat1                 .getText.toString         String param2  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.txtdat2                 .getText.toString         String param3  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.txtdat3                 .getText.toString         String param4  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.txtdat14                 .getText.toString          Intent intent  new Intentv.getContext, AgendaDetail.class          intent.putExtraparam1, param1         intent.putExtraparam2, param2         intent.putExtraparam3, param3         intent.putExtraparam4, param4          startActivityintent        codepre  pY try tu put something similar to thatp  precode        final ProgressDialog dialog  ProgressDialog.showthis, Loading...,             Wait     new Threadnew Runnable           public void run              startActivitynew Intentcom.places             dialog.dismiss              .start codepre
Negative 42922 pThis is my issue. When my application enters background I want it to perform a function after certain period of time. This is what I dop  precode voidapplicationDidEnterBackgroundUIApplication application      isRunningInBackground  YES      taskIdentifier  [[UIApplication sharedApplication] beginBackgroundTaskWithExpirationHandlernil]      int64t delayInSeconds  30     dispatchtimet popTime  dispatchtimeDISPATCHTIMENOW, delayInSeconds  NSECPERSEC     dispatchafterpopTime, dispatchgetglobalqueueDISPATCHQUEUEPRIORITYDEFAULT, 0, void              [self doSomething]         voiddoSomething     NSLogHELLO  codepre  pcodetaskIdentifiercode variable is declared in myAppDelegate.h file like thisp  precodeUIBackgroundTaskIdentifier taskIdentifier codepre  pEverything works as it supposed to, I see that console prints HELLO just right after 30 seconds are gone. But I dont want codedoSomethingcode to be executed if the app enters foreground until 30 seconds are over. So I need to cancel it. This is how i do thatp  precode voidapplicationWillEnterForegroundUIApplication application          isRunningInBackground  NO     [self stopBackgroundExecution]    voidstopBackgroundExecution      [[UIApplication sharedApplication] endBackgroundTasktaskIdentifier]     taskIdentifier  UIBackgroundTaskInvalid  codepre  pBut unfortunately it doesnt cancel codedoSomethingcode, it is still performed. What am I doing wrong How do I cancel that function p
Negative 42922 pIs it possible for an Android phone running Jelly Bean to emulate a network discoverable printerp  pThe goal of the application on the phone is to emulate a printer and have a Windows XP computer discover the printer over the network. I will add the printer and configure it with a generic text printer. When a file is sent over the network to the phone, an app will receive the file and store it as a file on the storage card.p  pAnyone know if this is possiblep
Negative 42922 pAfter codeRAILSENVproduction bundle exec rake assetsprecompilecode the a hrefhttptwitter.github.combootstrapcomponents.htmlbuttonDropdownsdropdowna becomes unresponsive in development environment. Nothing happens on clicking the button. However removing everything from codepublicassetscode starts working. Also it works perfectly in production mode coderails s e productioncodep  pThe application uses a hrefhttptwitter.github.combootstrapindex.htmltwitter bootstrapa and a hrefhttpactiveadmin.infoactive admina. Looks like something getting a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq10180418517483conflicteda.p  pNote here it works fine in staging on Herokup  pHere is a snap of generated htmlp  precodeltli idorganizationselector classdropdowngt     lta href datatoggledropdown datatargetorganizationselector classdropdowntogglegt       RedKivi       ltb classcaretgtltbgt     ltagt     ltul classdropdownmenugt       ltligt         lta hreforganizations1gtRedKiviltagt       ltligt       ltligt         lta hreforganizations2gtBoTreeltagt       ltligt                         ltli classdividergtltligt       ltligt         lta hreforganizationsnewgtNew organizationltagt       ltligt     ltulgt ltligt codepre  pstrongappassetsstylesheetsapplication.css.scssstrongp  precode... ....   requireself   require jquery.ui.slider   requiretree . codepre  pstrongappassetsjavascriptsapplication.jsstrongp  precode require jquery  require jqueryujs  require jquery.ui.slider  require bootstrap  requiretree . codepre  pWhat are practices to precompiling assets p
Negative 42922 pI have created an Applet showing a login page. The code for the Applet is as followsp  precodeimport java.net. import java.awt.event. import java.awt. import javax.swing.     Class login  write a description of the class here      author your name    version a version number    public class login extends JApplet      implements ActionListener       instance variables  replace the example below with your own      private JTextField input     private JTextField pass     private JPasswordField pwd     private final String LOGIN  LOGIN     private final String PASSWORD  PASSWORD     private final String CLEAR  CLEAR     private final String FgtpwdForgot Password     private final String REGISTERREGISTER             Called by the browser or applet viewer to inform this JApplet that it       has been loaded into the system. It is always called before the first        time that the start method is called.           public void init               provide any initialisation necessary for your JApplet            public void actionPerformedActionEvent e              String command  e.getActionCommand         ifLOGIN.equalscommand                      input.setTextLogin Successful            try                URL url  new URLgetDocumentBase, feedback.html                getAppletContext.showDocumenturl             catchMalformedURLException ex                 showStatusURL not found                                    else ifCLEAR.equalscommand             input.setText         else ifFgtpwd.equalscommand             input.setTextRedirecting to Forgot Password Page         else ifREGISTER.equalscommand             input.setTextRedirecting to Registration Page                  Called by the browser or applet viewer to inform this JApplet that it        should start its execution. It is called after the init method and        each time the JApplet is revisited in a Web page.            public void start               provide any code requred to run each time           web page is visited           this is a workaround for a security conflict with some browsers          including some versions of Netscape amp Internet Explorer which do           not allow access to the AWT system event queue which JApplets do           on startup to check access. May not be necessary with your browser.         Container contentPane  getContentPane         JScrollPane sPane  new JScrollPane         JPanel pContPanel  new JPanel          pContPanel.setLayoutnew GridBagLayout          GridBagConstraints gbc  new GridBagConstraints6, 5, 1, 1, 0, 0, GridBagConstraints.CENTER, GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL, new Insets10,10,10,10, 20, 20           Font myFont  new FontAriel,Font.BOLD,22          JLabel mtitle  new JLabelWELCOME TO D.A.S.H.         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  1         gbc.gridy  0         gbc.gridwidth  1         pContPanel.addmtitle, gbc         mtitle.setFontmyFont          Adding the title         JLabel title  new JLabelSIGN IN TO YOUR ACCOUNT         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  0         gbc.gridy  1         gbc.gridwidth  3         pContPanel.addtitle, gbc          Create upper left part for Login ID         JPanel panel1  new JPanel         JLabel prompt  new JLabelEnter Login ID         panel1.addprompt         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  0         gbc.gridy  2         gbc.gridwidth  1         pContPanel.addpanel1, gbc          prompt.setAlignmentXComponent.LEFTALIGNMENT           adding the textfield for username         input  new JTextField15         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  1         gbc.gridy  2         gbc.gridwidth  2         pContPanel.addinput, gbc            adding the label for password         JPanel passPanelnew JPanel         JLabel passLabel  new JLabelEnter Password         passPanel.addpassLabel         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  0         gbc.gridy  3         gbc.gridwidth  1         pContPanel.addpassPanel, gbc           adding the password field         pwdnew JPasswordField15         pwd.setEchoChar         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  1         gbc.gridy  3         gbc.gridwidth  2         pContPanel.addpwd, gbc          JLabel rtitle  new JLabelNEW USER CLICK HERE TO REGISTER.         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  0         gbc.gridy  5         gbc.gridwidth  3         pContPanel.addrtitle, gbc            Now create button for login         JButton bLogin  new JButtonLOGIN         bLogin.addActionListenerthis         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  0         gbc.gridy  4         gbc.gridwidth  1         pContPanel.addbLogin, gbc           now create button for clear         JButton bPassword  new JButtonCLEAR         bPassword.addActionListenerthis         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  1         gbc.gridy  4         gbc.gridwidth  1         pContPanel.addbPassword, gbc           now create button for forgot password         JButton bForgotPwd  new JButtonFgtpwd         bForgotPwd.addActionListenerthis         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  2         gbc.gridy  4         pContPanel.addbForgotPwd, gbc          JButton bRegister  new JButtonREGISTER         bRegister.addActionListenerthis         gbc.fill  GridBagConstraints.HORIZONTAL         gbc.gridx  2         gbc.gridy  5         gbc.gridwidth  1         pContPanel.addbRegister, gbc          adding the panel to the scrollpane         sPane.setViewportViewpContPanel        adding scrollpane to the ContentPane        contentPane.addsPane, BorderLayout.CENTER       codepre  pThere is also a paint method which does not contain anything as of now. The output of the code is perfect. When I try to add Background Color by adding the paint method to the above code asp  precodepublic void paintGraphics g                simple text displayed on applet         setBackgroundColor.blue      codepre  pThe output I am seeing is a window with just blue backgroundin appletviewer hiding all other buttons and text fields originally shown. If I output in the browser, it shows original output without any background color. p  pCould you please help me on adding some Graphics background and text color,possibly an image so that the applet looks good I have to submit it as a college mini project.p
Negative 42922 pOn my macbook air I can only install npm packages globally using sudo but anytime I go into a local directory and try to install a local package without the g it gives me errors.p  precode npm ERR Error EACCES, open Usersmmarze.npm53951495coffeescript.lock npm ERR   [Error EACCES, open Usersmmarze.npm53951495coffeescript.lock] npm ERR   errno 3, npm ERR   code EACCES, npm ERR   path Usersmmarze.npm53951495coffeescript.lock  npm ERR  npm ERR Please try running this command again as rootAdministrator.  npm ERR System Darwin 12.1.0 npm ERR command node usrlocalbinnpm install coffeescript npm ERR cwd Usersmmarzesandboxnode.jstest npm ERR node v v0.8.9 npm ERR npm v 1.1.61 npm ERR path Usersmmarze.npm53951495coffeescript.lock npm ERR code EACCES npm ERR errno 3 npm ERR stack Error EACCES, open Usersmmarze.npm53951495coffeescript.lock npm ERR  npm ERR Additional logging details can be found in npm ERR     Usersmmarzesandboxnode.jstestnpmdebug.log npm ERR not ok code 0 codepre  pI tried uninstalling and reinstalling node and npm and I cant get it to install anything locally, and if I use sudo to install locally then my local user doesnt have write access to them. How can I fix thisp
Negative 42922 pI have pixman installed on my arm target, for benchmarking purposes i want to disable pixman completelyif that is even possible . Is there a way to do this nicely without actually removing it.p  pI know of the PIXMANDISABLE flag, but will that turn it off completely or just the way it works will change like switch sse2 on or off p
Negative 42922 pI have problem in spring MVC with JSON  i tried to return  a arraylist from my controller but i could not return it p  precodefunction getCategory      alertTest      .getJSONgetCategoryList.do,  message Test Message , functionvalue          alertvalue[1]         alertinside Json          alertJSON.stringifyvalue         forvar i0iltvalue.lengthi                   codepre  pI check to print the message in my controller its working,but when i try to et the value in my jsp page i could not  muy controller code is p  precodeRequestMappingvalueadmingetCategoryList, methodRequestMethod.GETpublic  ResponseBody ArrayListltStringgt receiveCategoryListRequestParam String message          ArrayListltStringgt arrayList  new ArrayListltStringgt         arrayList.addname         arrayList.addsuccess         System.out.printlnInside Method         System.out.printlnname         return arrayList      codepre  pCould any one help me p
Negative 42922 pI have to figure out a way whether a number stored as string because of leading zeros falls in a specific range. The ranges look like thisp  precode12  14 3456  4567 codepre  p1233435 would be considered to fall in the first range matching is from the left.The number can have a maximum of 20 digits and I have a file which has all ranges included. I imported the ranges adding trailing zeros to the lower bound and trailing nines to the upper bound to reach the length of 20. This is to be able to handle variable length numbers  they are padded with zeros on the right so that I can do the following queryp  precodeSELECT  FROM ranges WHERE my padded number BETWEEN boundlower AND boundupper codepre  pSince I have a couple of thousand ranges I would like to put an index on the table but I am not sure how I can achieve this.p  pThanks, Mendelp
Negative 42922 pIm pretty new to Rails and for the first time, I want to use Heroku Scheduler to run periodical tasks in my rails application. As advised in the a hrefhttpdevcenter.heroku.comarticlesscheduler relnofollowTutoriala, I created the following rake tasks in libtasksscheduler.rakep  precode desc This task is called by the Heroku scheduler addon task autoresults gt environment do     puts Updating results...     cups  Cup.all cups.each do cup     cup.fixcurrentresults end     puts done. end  task updategamedates gt environment do     puts Updating game dates...     cups  Cup.all cups.each do cup     cup.updategamedates end puts done. end codepre  pThe task run fine in my local environment, but after pushin to Heroku and running the task, each abort with the following errorp  precoderake aborted undefined method name for nilNilClass codepre  pTo me it seems that Heroku somehow cant access the database and so doesnt revieve an object on which it can perform methods.p  pIdeas anyonep
Negative 42922 pIm writing a generator function. I want to know if theres a better read more pythonic, ideally with a list comprehension way to implement something like thisp  precodegenerator  gen captures  [] for  in xrangex     foo  nextgenerator     directories.appendfoo[name]     yield foo codepre  pThe key here is that I dont want to capture the WHOLE yield the dictionary returned by codegencode is large, which is why Im using a generator. I do need to capture all of the names, though. I feel like theres a way to do this with a list comprehension, but Im just not seeing it. Thoughtsp
Negative 42922 pI tried to use cordova 2.0.0 API FileTransfer.download and i got 2 consecutive errors  1 download error source file  2 download error target filep  phere is my code...p  precode function downloadMaterial       var fileTransfer  new FileTransfer     var serverURL  httpimg.youm7.comimagesNewsPicslargeS2200921125437.jpg        var uri  encodeURIserverURL     var filePath  persistentroot.fullPath  fileName     filePath  filedatadatacom.example.studyappS2200921125437.jpg      var onSuccess  function entry          console.logdownload complete   entry.fullPath          var onError  function error          console.logdownload error source   error.source         console.logdownload error target   error.target         console.logupload error code   error.code          fileTransfer.downloaduri, filePath , onSuccess, onError  codepre  pDo you have any idea what should I do Thanks in advance ...p
Negative 42922 pI have an table called customer where i am selecting few columns and making its fixed length,where i need to send the values to SSIS packages for an fixed length output and is written in a text filep  precodecustomerID10 Mobilenumber11 Emailaddress256  select customerID,mobilenumber,Emailaddress from customer  codepre  pI want to make sure my customerID is always length of 10, mobile number 11, emailaddress 256.p
Negative 42922 pin need my client to load a web pagewww.secondsite.comPage1.aspx if  the request comes only from www.firstsite.comLogin.aspx.p  pother wise client the client should be redirected back to   www.secondsite.compage1.aspxp  pcan i achieve this using IIS 7 or any other way. i have tried URL rewriting module in IIS and i have only managed to restrict the access to www.firstsite.comLogin.aspx and redirect thr request to www.firstsite.comLogin.aspx. but unable to achieve the above behavior in IIS. please helpp
Negative 42922 pSomeone enlightened me yesterday to the fact that Labels can have access keys.  So I set a Labels text property to codeClass ampAcode and, indeed, it now has an underline and everything.  As far as I can tell, though, Labels cant get the focus.p  pSo what does this Access Key do if nothing, then why are they allowed anyway TextBoxes do not have Access Keysp
Negative 42922 pIm getting the following error in my usercontrol propertiesp  precodeError reading usercontrolsBrandHubemintRegister.ascx  The following list shows the Public Properties from the Control. By checking the Properties and click the Save Properties button at the bottom, umbraco will create the corresponding Macro Elements.  System.Web.HttpParseException 0x80004005 Could not load type umbraco.emintControls.usercontrols.BrandHub.emintRegister. gt System.Web.HttpParseException 0x80004005 Could not load type umbraco.emintControls.usercontrols.BrandHub.emintRegister. gt System.Web.HttpException 0x80004005 Could not load type umbraco.emintControls.usercontrols.BrandHub.emintRegister. at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.GetTypeString typeName, Boolean ignoreCase, Boolean throwOnError at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.ProcessInheritsAttributeString baseTypeName, String codeFileBaseTypeName, String src, Assembly assembly at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.PostProcessMainDirectiveAttributesIDictionary parseData at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.ProcessExceptionException ex at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.ParseStringInternalString text, Encoding fileEncoding at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.ParseStringString text, VirtualPath virtualPath, Encoding fileEncoding at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.ParseStringString text, VirtualPath virtualPath, Encoding fileEncoding at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.ParseFileString physicalPath, VirtualPath virtualPath at System.Web.UI.TemplateParser.Parse at System.Web.Compilation.BaseTemplateBuildProvider.getCodeCompilerType at System.Web.Compilation.BuildProvider.GetCompilerTypeFromBuildProviderBuildProvider buildProvider at System.Web.Compilation.BuildProvidersCompiler.ProcessBuildProviders at System.Web.Compilation.BuildProvidersCompiler.PerformBuild at System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.CompileWebFileVirtualPath virtualPath at System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.GetVPathBuildResultInternalVirtualPath virtualPath, Boolean noBuild, Boolean allowCrossApp, Boolean allowBuildInPrecompile, Boolean throwIfNotFound, Boolean ensureIsUpToDate at System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.GetVPathBuildResultWithNoAssertHttpContext context, VirtualPath virtualPath, Boolean noBuild, Boolean allowCrossApp, Boolean allowBuildInPrecompile, Boolean throwIfNotFound, Boolean ensureIsUpToDate at System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.GetVPathBuildResultHttpContext context, VirtualPath virtualPath, Boolean noBuild, Boolean allowCrossApp, Boolean allowBuildInPrecompile, Boolean ensureIsUpToDate at System.Web.UI.TemplateControl.LoadControlVirtualPath virtualPath at umbraco.developer.assemblyBrowser.PageLoadObject sender, EventArgs e codepre  pIve tried usercontrolsBrandHubemintRegister.ascx but I get the same error.p  pThe following error message is displayed on the web pagep  precodeError creating control usercontrolsBrandHubemintRegister.ascx. Maybe file doesnt exists or the usercontrol has a cache directive, which is not allowed See the tracestack for more information codepre  pCan anyone help with thisp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to create a fontglyph byp  ul litaking a bitmap image li licreating an SVG with autotrace on Linuxli liimporting the outline as a glyph with pythonfontforge glyph.importOutlinessvgfile li ul  pThis works fine strongexcept that the resulting glyph in invertedstrong see images. Any idea how this can be prevented, how the SVG or glyph can be inverted, or anything like thatp  pSource bitmap img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comi0ZFb.png altsource bitmapp  pAutotraced SVG img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfoCjC.png altenter image description herep  pResulting font img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdSbOp.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pLets say I have several projects in cdev and want to keep them there this is my eclipse workspacep  pWhat is the least inconvenient way to setup egitp
Negative 42922 pLet me present an example and than try to explain my problemp  precodenoobnoobDownloads ls  grep srt Elementary  01x01  Pilot.LOL.English.HI.C.orig.Addic7ed.com.srt Haven  01x01  Welcome to Haven.DVDRip.SAiNTS.English.updated.Addic7ed.com.srt Haven  01x01  Welcome to Haven.FQM.English.HI.C.updated.Addic7ed.com.srt Supernatural  08x01  We Need to Talk About Kevin.LOL.English.HI.C.updated.Addic7ed.com.srt The Big Bang Theory  06x02  The Decoupling Fluctuation.LOL.English.HI.C.orig.Addic7ed.com.srt Torchwood  1x01  Everything changes.0TV.English.orig.Addic7ed.com.srt Torchwood  1x01  Everything changes.divx.English.updated.Addic7ed.com.srt codepre  pNow I only want to delete the first codefour resultscode of the above command. Normally if I have to delete all the files I would do codels  grep srt  xargs I  rm code but in this case I only want to delete the top four.p  pSo, how can limit the output of ls and grep or suggest me an alternate way to achieve this.p
Negative 42922 pI have a CTE based query, to which I pass about 2600 4tuple latitudelongitude values using joins  these latitude longitude 4tuples have been ID tagged and held in a second table called coordinates. These top left and bottom right latitude  longitude values are passed into the CTE in order to display the amount of requests hourly made within those coordinates for given two timestamps. I am able to get the total requests per day within the timestamps given, that is, the total count of user requests on every specified day. E.g. user opts to see every Wednesday or Wednesday AND Thursday etc.  between hours 1155 and 2204 between dates January 1 and 31, 2012 for every latitudelongitude 4tuples I pass. But I cannot get the rows with zcount as 0 in the results, I only get the rows with zcount  0. My query is as below a note to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comusers939860erwinbrandstetterErwin Brandstettera if he sees this, I checked the chat room discussion about my previous question and set the codecoordinatescode values to codeNOT NULLcode due to you saying that the coordinates can be codenullcode by design, but I still have the same issue somehow. though I may have gotten what you meant wrong since I was down with a bad case of fever back thenp  precodeWITH v AS     SELECT 201211 115511timestamp AS from  provide times once          ,2012131 220221timestamp AS to     , q AS     SELECT c.coordinatesid         , datetrunchour, t.calltime AS stamp         , count AS zcount    FROM   v    JOIN   mytable t ON  t.calltime BETWEEN v.from AND v.to                    AND t.calltimetime gt v.fromtime AND                         t.calltimetime lt v.totime AND  extractDOW from t.calltime  3    JOIN   coordinates c ON t.lat, t.lon                     BETWEEN c.bottomrightlat, c.topleftlon                        AND c.topleftlat, c.bottomrightlon    GROUP BY c.coordinatesid, datetrunchour, t.calltime     , cal AS     SELECT generateseries201211 110000timestamp                         , 2012131 230000timestamp                         , 1 hourinterval AS stamp SELECT q.coordinatesid, cal.stampdate, sumq.zcount AS zcount FROM   v, cal LEFT   JOIN q USING stamp WHERE  extracthour from cal.stamp BETWEEN extracthour from v.from                                         AND extracthour from v.to AND    extractDOW from cal.stamp  3  AND    cal.stamp gt v.from AND    cal.stamp lt v.to GROUP  BY 1,2 ORDER  BY 1,2 codepre  pThe output I get when I execute this query is basically like this normally I have about 10354 rows returned excluding the rows with 0 zcount, just providing two coordinates for sake of similarityp  precodecoordinatesid   stamp       zcount 1               20120104      2 1               20120111      3 1               20120118      2 2               20120104      2 2               20120111      3 2               20120118      2 codepre  pHowever, it should be like this where all rows with zcount 0 should also be printed out along with rows that have nonzero zcounts E.g. January 25 with zcount 0 for the two coordinates with ID 1 and 2 should also be printed in this small portion of examplep  precodecoordinatesid   stamp       zcount 1               20120104      2 1               20120111      3 1               20120118      2 1               20120125      0 2               20120104      2 2               20120111      3 2               20120118      2 2               20120125      0 codepre  pUpdated version with zcount values way bigger than actual. Also rows with 0 zcount still not showingp  precodeWITH v AS     SELECT 201211 115511timestamp AS from  provide times once          ,2012131 220221timestamp AS to     , q AS     SELECT c.coordinatesid         , datetrunchour, t.calltime AS stamp         , count AS zcount    FROM   v    JOIN   mytable t ON  t.calltime BETWEEN v.from AND v.to                    AND t.calltimetime gt v.fromtime AND                         t.calltimetime lt v.totime AND  extractDOW from t.calltime  3    JOIN   coordinates c ON t.lat, t.lon                     BETWEEN c.bottomrightlat, c.topleftlon                        AND c.topleftlat, c.bottomrightlon    GROUP BY c.coordinatesid, datetrunchour, t.calltime     , cal AS     SELECT generateseries201211 110000timestamp                         , 2012131 230000timestamp                         , 1 hourinterval AS stamp , coordst AS      SELECT coordinatesid FROM coordinates SELECT q.coordinatesid, cal.stampdate, COALESCEsumq.zcount,0 AS zcount FROM   v, coordst, cal LEFT   JOIN q USING stamp WHERE  extracthour from cal.stamp BETWEEN extracthour from v.from                                         AND extracthour from v.to AND    extractDOW from cal.stamp  3  AND    cal.stamp gt v.from AND    cal.stamp lt v.to GROUP  BY 1,2 ORDER  BY 1,2 codepre
Negative 42922 pScratching my head here.  Im running Ubuntu 12.04.1 LTS with the latest mono that it comes with.  My windows dev box works fine, but on the linux box the only page that comes up is the default home page... less the CSS and scripts.  Looking at the debug tools, it looks like everything else gets a 404.p  pTheres a similar scenario on SO for IIS6, suggesting that this may be an issue of mono trying to use the wrong framework version, but I cant figure out where to tell it differently, and Im not convinced that is the problem.p  pDoes anyone have insight into thisp
Negative 42922 pive just started to learn XNA and i want to make a tooltip Ive googled but not found any answer.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pI use to create my views programmatically and have started to switch using XIB files. I found this codep  precodeidinit      self  [super initWithNibNameHelpViewController  bundlenil]     if self  nil           further initialization needed           return self   idinitWithNibNameNSString nibNameOrNil bundleNSBundle nibBundleOrNil      NSAssertNO, Initialize with init     return nil  codepre  pIt works but why If I follow the logic, the initWithNibName returns nil and sets it to self. So, self is now nil and then you return self at the end of init. Well, that means you return self which is nil. Is that rightp  pAlso, if I wanted to initialize a NSArray, where should I put it in that init functionp  pThanks for the explanation.p  pYkop
Negative 42922 pI have been working with a Collection View Source object that is bound to a listview and the CVS is a view on top of Observable Collection of objects.p  pI know how to apply a filter using the following techniquep  precodecvs.Filter  new FilterEventHandlerSomeFilterFunction codepre  pThis works fine when you are only filtering in one function. The problem is when I want to filter on top of the already filtered CVS. If I have another function that filters the objects in the view based on different criteria, the objects are filtered ONLY on the criteria in the second filter and the results of the first filter go away.p  pHere is some example code to explain my problemp  precodecvs.Filter  new FilterEventHandlerSomeFilterFunction1 cvs.Filter  new FilterEventHandlerSomeFilterFunction2  public void SomeFilterFunction1object sender, FilterEventArgs e        SomeObject example  e.Item as SomeObject       ifexample.Name.ContainsA                  e.Accepted  true              else                  e.Accepted  false           public void SomeFilterFunction2object sender, FilterEventArgs e        SomeObject example  e.Item as SomeObject       ifexample.Name.ContainsB                  e.Accepted  true              else                  e.Accepted  false         codepre  pSo in this example, I want only SomeObjects with the letters A and B accepted by the filters. My problem is that When make the call cvsFilter with the filterfunction2, only Objects Name containing the letter B are accepted, disregarding the objects with letter A. So an Objects name containing the letter B but not A are accepted, when they shouldnt be.p  pMy current solution to this problem has been creating a Master filter function that has every filter function inside of it and I run every Object through every filter and if the object makes it through ALL of the filters then it is accepted. This does work but my code is getting crazy now and logic is getting out of control. Does anyone know how to apply a new filter function on the result of the last filter for a CVS Why doesnt the CVS just do this automatically instead of sending every Object through every filter or am I not thinking about CVS in the right wayp
Negative 42922 pI need to constantly poll a data store for possible updates.  I am achieving this using the following code.  This is a windows forms application by the way.p  precodevar uiContext  TaskScheduler.FromCurrentSynchronizationContext  var updateTask  Task.Factory.StartNew gt      while true              Thread.Sleep5000          Task.Factory.StartNew gt                      someData  dataStore.GetData         .ContinueWitht gt                      someGrid.DataSource  someData         , uiContext       codepre  pcodesomeDatacode is a private class field and codesomeGridcode is a datagrid control.p  pThis seems to work perfectly, but I was wondering if there is a better way of achieving it.  Also, should my outer Task be LongRunningp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pOk, at the suggestion of Jon and Henk, I am using a Timer insteadp  precodeuiContext  TaskScheduler.FromCurrentSynchronizationContext  updateTimer  new System.Timers.Timer5000 updateTimer.Elapsed  updateTimerElapsed updateTimer.Enabled  true codepre  pThe elapsed eventp  precodevoid updateTimerElapsedobject sender, ElapsedEventArgs e      someData  dataStore.GetData      Task.Factory.StartNew gt              someGrid.DataSource  someData     , uiContext  codepre
Negative 42922 pIn my Asp.net webforms site I have a form where users select various options and those options are sent back in a postback that generates a PDF report and sends that file back to the user for download via the following codep  precode    protected void btnTopGenReportClickobject sender, EventArgs e              var stream  new PodMainReportGenerator.GenerateReportGetReportParameters          var bytes  stream.ToArray         stream.Close           Set the content headers         Response.Clear         Response.Buffer  true         Response.ContentType  applicationpdf         Response.AddHeaderContentDisposition, attachmentfilenametestReport.pdf         Response.AddHeaderContentLength, bytes.Length.ToString          Response.BinaryWritebytes          Response.End      codepre  pThe problem is this report can take a good 10 or so seconds to generate due to the amount of data and processing required, but I dont want people getting impatient and clicking the button over and over again.p  pIn a normal page I would add javascript to disable the buttons on click.  This works because when postback is complete the server comes back with the form buttons reenabled.  However, since the forms response is not an HTML page but a downloaded file, which I dont know how to detect.p  pEssentially, how do I disable the forms buttons but reenable them once we get the response from the server and the http file transfer is initiatedp
Negative 42922 pWhe using Kohana 3.3 RC3, KOstache and mustache it seems the class that generate the variable runs multiple times.p  pSo if i do the following it will show strongThis is a textstrong like ten times.p  pstrongView modelstrongp  precodepublic function page      page  This is a text      printrpage      return page  codepre  pstrongEDITstrongp  pHere is the complete view modelp  p  precodeclass ViewAdminPagesEdit extends ViewAdmin        Page title     public function pagetitle              return i18ngetPage edit                  Edit page                    param  string type error or success       param  string description       param  bool   state           public function page               Check if fom was submitted and has only been run once         if Requestcurrentgtpost                      thisgtprocessed  TRUE              page  Modelfactorypage               Get ready to validate data             post  pagegtvalidateRequestcurrentgtpost              if postgtcheck                                Try to save data                 rows  pagegtupdateintthisgtpageid, post                   Success message                 thisgtnoticesuccess, Page saved                   Redirect to avoid back button problem                 Controllerredirectadminpageslist                            Validation failed. Generate error message             errors  postgterrorspost              foreach errors AS title gt description                              thisgtnoticeerror, description                            Save POST data so it is available after the redirect             SESSION[post]  Requestcurrentgtpost               Redirect to avoid back button problem             Controllerredirectadminpagesedit.intthisgtpageid                  else                      if issetSESSION[post]              Get saved POST data to fill out form                 page  SESSION[post]                  unsetSESSION[post]                          else              Get data from model to fill out form                 page  Modelfactorypagegtgetpageidintthisgtpageid                            Setup status dropdown             status  array                 2 gt Active,                 1 gt Not in navigation but activated,                 0 gt Disabled,                           page[status]  thisgtselectliststatus, page[status]               Setup template dropdown             template  array                 default gt Default,                           page[template]  thisgtselectlisttemplate, page[template]              printrpage              return page                  End ViewAdminPagesEdit codepre
Negative 42922 pi want to add tabbed info window in my script but i cant.. it doesnt work . plz help me do for it..p  pthis is my codes ..  i dont know where i must put string and event listener that work....p  precode   var gmarkers  []       var gicons  []        map  null var infowindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow      content contentString        var iconImage  new google.maps.MarkerImageimagesintake.png,        new google.maps.Size20, 34,       new google.maps.Point0,0,       new google.maps.Point9, 34    var iconShadow  new  codepre  pgoogle.maps.MarkerImagehttpwww.google.commapfilesshadow50.png,p  precode      new google.maps.Size37, 34,       new google.maps.Point0,0,       new google.maps.Point9, 34   var iconShape          coord [9,0,6,1,4,2,2,4,0,8,0,12,1,14,2,16,5,19,7,23,8,26,9,30,9,34,11,34,11,30,12,26,13,24,14,21,16,18,18,16,20,12,20,8,18,4,16,2,15,1,13,0],       type poly       var contentString  [     this my strings        ltdiv idtabsgt,       ltulgt,         ltligtlta hreftab1gtltspangtOneltspangtltagtltligt,         ltligtlta hreftab2gtltspangtTwoltspangtltagtltligt,         ltligtlta hreftab3gtltspangtThreeltspangtltagtltligt,       ltulgt,       ltdiv idtab1gt,         ltpgtTab 1ltpgt,       ltdivgt,       ltdiv idtab2gt,        ltpgtTab 2ltpgt,       ltdivgt,       ltdiv idtab3gt,         ltpgtTab 3ltpgt,       ltdivgt,       ltdivgt     ].join           A function to create the marker and set up the event window  function createMarkerlatlng,name,html,category       var contentString  html     var marker  new google.maps.Marker         position latlng,         icon gicons[category],         shadow iconShadow,         map map,         title name,         zIndex Math.roundlatlng.lat100000ltlt5                    Store the category and name info as a marker properties          marker.mycategory  category                                          marker.myname  name         gmarkers.pushmarker    google.maps.event.addListenerinfowindow, domready, function   this my tab listener       tabs.tabs               google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function          infowindow.setContentcontentString          infowindow.openmap,marker                   shows all markers of a particular category, and ensures the checkbox is checked        function showcategory          for var i0 iltgmarkers.length i            if gmarkers[i].mycategory  category              gmarkers[i].setVisibletrue                               check the checkbox          document.getElementByIdcategorybox.checked  true           hides all markers of a particular category, and ensures the checkbox is cleared        function hidecategory          for var i0 iltgmarkers.length i            if gmarkers[i].mycategory  category              gmarkers[i].setVisiblefalse                         clear the checkbox          document.getElementByIdcategorybox.checked  false           close the info window, in case its open on a marker that we just hid         infowindow.close                a checkbox has been clicked        function boxclickbox,category          if box.checked            showcategory          else            hidecategory                         rebuilds the sidebar to match the markers currently displayed    function initialize      var myOptions         zoom 8,       center new google.maps.LatLng40.0000, 48.0000,       mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP           map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap, myOptions google.maps.event.addListenermap, click, function           infowindow.close             Read the data        downloadUrlxmlcat.xml, functiondoc     var xml  xmlParsedoc    var markers  xml.documentElement.getElementsByTagNamemarker  for var i  0 i lt markers.length i             obtain the attribues of each marker           var lat  parseFloatmarkers[i].getAttributelat           var lng  parseFloatmarkers[i].getAttributelng           var point  new google.maps.LatLnglat,lng          var address  markers[i].getAttributeaddress           var name  markers[i].getAttributename           var html  ltbgtnameltbgtltpgtaddress           var category  markers[i].getAttributecategory            create the marker           var marker  createMarkerpoint,name,html,category                show or hide the categories initially          showintake         hidereservoir         hidewsps         showwtp         hidewwps         hidewwtp           create the initial sidebar            codepre
Negative 42922 pThis is what I did. If there is a better way please reply.p  ul liMake sure all developers have installed Android SDK amp Tools in the same paths.li liInstall the Eclipse TFS plugin from Microsoft.br Link at the time of this writing is a hrefhttpwww.microsoft.comenusdownloaddetails.aspxid25125 relnofollowhttpwww.microsoft.comenusdownloaddetails.aspxid25125ali ul  pHere are the steps I followedp  ul liI started my Android project in a random folder workspace and did my initial development.li liThen I wanted to move the project under my development branch at coderootDevelopmentMyBranchAndroidcodeli liThe Android folder did not exist, so I created is using TFS. If you do it manually from explorer then TFS will not let you create it serverside.li liFrom the original project workspace I did Export  GeneralPreferences, to some folder.li liThen I did Switch Workspace  Other I specified the local path of coderootDevelopmentMyBranchAndroidcodeli liNow I get an empty workspace.li liThen I did Import  Project Settings and specified the file I exported before.li liThen I did Import  GeneralExisting Projects into Workspace with Copy Projects into Workspace.li liAmazingly enough I got my project up and running from the new location, with a few hiccups as usual.li liThen I did TeamShare Project...li liI followed the wizard.li liThere is a crazy screen about creating a new workspace. Just click EDIT and make sure that the TFS root mapping is ok.li liFinish the wizard and you are done so far.li liWhen you run the project, the plugin will also add the gen and bin folders to TFS. Dont try to battle this, just check them in. More details later.li liAt this point, I have everything checkedin, so I merge to Main.li liAt this step I want to merge the project to another developers branch.li liThe process is similar.li liUsing TFS create the rootDevelopmentOtherDevAndroid folder.li liStart Eclipse on the devs PC and do Switch Workspace  Otherli liSpecify the local path of rootDevelopmentOtherDevAndroidli liNow you get an empty workspace.li liThen Import  Project Settings and specify the preferences file exported before I included it in TFS for reference.li liThen Import  GeneralExisting Projects into Workspace with Copy Projects into Workspace and copy the project from the local folder of rootMainAndroidli liThen do a TeamShare Project... to connect the project with TFS.li liNow close Eclipse.li liDo a merge coderootMainAndroidcode to coderootDevelopmentOtherDevAndcodeli liCheckin coderootDevelopmentOtherDevAndroidcodeli ul  ppGuess what, looks like you are done. Unless I did something wrong, but it works on our PCs, so far. p Special note Since EclipseTFSPlugin will always try to add the genbin dirs to source control, simply keep them always checked out, and even if you check them in sometime, dont merge them back to main. Its just a waste of disk space on TFS merging these files around.p  pThis method is so complicated, that it just doesnt feel right. Is there a better way to get the same resultsp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 precode public ActionResult RegisterRegisterModel RegisterModel, string returnUrl                      if ModelState.IsValid                               Attempt to register the user                 MembershipCreateStatus createStatus                  System.Text.ASCIIEncoding encoding  new System.Text.ASCIIEncoding                 Byte[] Password  encoding.GetBytesRegisterModel.Password                 var EncryptedPass  MembershipProvider.EncryptPasswordPassword                  Membership.CreateUserRegisterModel.UserName, RegisterModel.Password, RegisterModel.Email, null, null, true, null, out createStatus                  if createStatus  MembershipCreateStatus.Success                                      FormsAuthentication.SetAuthCookieRegisterModel.UserName, false  createPersistentCookie                      return RedirectreturnUrl  Url.ActionIndex, Education                                  else                                      ModelState.AddModelError, ErrorCodeToStringcreateStatus                                             If we got this far, something failed, redisplay form             return ViewRegisterModel          codepre  pTrying to encrypt a password before storing it in the database using the EncryptPassword method and then Dycrypt it with MembershipProvider.DecryptPassword Method but getting a Is inaccessible due to its protection level error warning.p
Negative 42922 pthe example of reference p  precodevar x1XML  ltx1gt                 lta id  52gtAYYltagt                 ltagtAYY 2 ltagt                 ltbgtBEEltbgt                 ltcgtCEEltcgt             ltx1gt  tracex1.toXMLString trace  delete x1.a.id  tracex1.toXMLString trace  delete x1.b  tracex1.toXMLString trace  delete x1.a  tracex1.toXMLString codepre  poutputp  precodeltx1gt   lta id52gtAYYltagt   ltagtAYY 2ltagt   ltbgtBEEltbgt   ltcgtCEEltcgt ltx1gt  ltx1gt   ltagtAYYltagt   ltagtAYY 2ltagt   ltbgtBEEltbgt   ltcgtCEEltcgt ltx1gt  ltx1gt   ltagtAYYltagt   ltagtAYY 2ltagt   ltcgtCEEltcgt ltx1gt  ltx1gt   ltcgtCEEltcgt ltx1gt codepre  pwhat if i only want to delete one element or i want to delete the element which is  and has no child elementp  pi can only use delete x1.a. ridiculous i spend hours and couldnt find a simple way .p  precodevar listXMLList  x1.elementsa for eachvar xXML in list     if....         make something done         i want to delete this x from the xml object.while keep other node untouched.       codepre  plet me know the way you handle with this problem.p
Negative 42922 pI want to setup OpenSSH so that it will detect if an incoming connection is being directed to the server IP or if it is coming from a subdomain and default to a different directory accordingly. An example of this would be Apaches codeltVirtualHostgtcode that can direct traffic to different locations on the server based on which subdomain a request is coming in on. Is this sort of setup possiblep
Negative 42922 pI have deployed my MVC site on IIS server. If I access it using codehttplocalhostcode in URL it works fine. But if I use machine name ip address in the URL, some of the functions are not working properly. I wonder why this is happening. Following are some of the things I am facing p  ol liI have used JQuery Tab in a dialog box. The dialog box doesnt submit data if the site is accessed remotely.li liI have used JQuery Month navigator. I could see it is submitting correct month and year during HttpPost controller, but the controller action doesnt redirect according to posted data.li ol  pI am clueless on why its behaving like thisp  precode Some code for reference   using Html.BeginForm          .....         ltinput typesubmit valueSave classbuttonSave onclickreturn     ConfirmSave gt                             ltdivgt    function ConfirmSave      return confirmYou have selected to copy this entry.nn This action cannot be rolled back, and each created entry will need to be deleted independently. Are you sure you want to continue  codepre
Negative 42922 pIs there anyway to read the metadata of a NuGetpackagefilep  pI would really like to create a simple site for searching among my nupkgfiles..p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pIncrementing integer pointer will increase the address by size of integer.  What will happen if we increment a function pointerp
Negative 42922 pI want to replace a SherlockListFragment with other SherlockListFragment but I dont know how to accomplish thisp  pI use this code to create the fragment tabsp  precodepublic class MyTabsViewPager extends SherlockFragmentActivity  ....      Override         public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState                      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState              mViewPager  new ViewPagerthis             mViewPager.setIdR.id.pager                         setContentViewmViewPager             bar  getSupportActionBar             bar.setNavigationModeActionBar.NAVIGATIONMODETABS             bar.setTitleTAB              mTabsAdapter  new TabsAdapterthis, mViewPager              mTabsAdapter.addTab                     bar.newTab.setIconR.drawable.icon,                       Fragment1.class, null              mTabsAdapter.addTab                     bar.newTab.setIconR.drawable.icon2,                          FragmentList.class, null            codepre  pWhat i need is to replace in the same tab the FragmentList.class with other fragment Class p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pWhen I render a moderately complex dictionary 4 levels deep, 2K data points using django 1.4s default template system the template rendering step takes over 2800ms.  When I do htmlgen directly from python instead it takes 80ms.  Even using another template library a hrefhttpjinja.pocoo.orgdocsjinja2a renders the same data in fact, almost exactly the same template syntax  as jinja2 is nearly a dropin replacement in under 300ms.p  pInterestingly, you dont even have to actually emrenderem the dictionary in the template to cause this performance issue in djangos template system... all you have to do is empassem it as an available variable to a template.  A friend of mine suggested this may mean the system is, ...doing a defensive copy or more stupidly a comprehension [which] will take time due to running constructorsp  pAnyone know why djangos default template system takes so long to render dictionariesp  pstrong Ill work on adding requested details below strongp  pI am running in debug mode and have the DebugToolbarMiddleware set as one of my middleware classes.  My settings.py file includesp  precodeTEMPLATECONTEXTPROCESSORS  globalsettings.TEMPLATECONTEXTPROCESSORS       django.core.contextprocessors.request,  codepre  pand....p  precode rendering like this return render     request,     templatenameltmsearchresults.html,     contextinstanceRequestContextrequest,          menus menus,         results resultdict       codepre
Negative 42922 pI am running Oracle 11g on Windows Server 2008R2. I have a client applicationZabbix running elsewhere that is trying to connect to it.p  pThe client machine hasp  ul lioracleinstantclient11.2basic11.2.0.3.01.i386.rpmli lioracleinstantclient11.2devel11.2.0.3.01.i386.rpmli ul  pAnd as such, it does not have sqlnet.ora or tnsnames.ora files. It is attempting to establish a connection with direct addressing. With a print statement in the php, I see that it is callingp  precodeociplogonuser,password,connect codepre  pwith connect being set to strongdbhostmachine1521zabbixstrong. So everything looks good there.   p  precodeCUsersmdobrinigt lsnrctl services  LSNRCTL for 64bit Windows Version 11.1.0.7.0  Production on 02NOV2012 130055  Copyright c 1991, 2008, Oracle.  All rights reserved.  Connecting to DESCRIPTIONADDRESSPROTOCOLTCPHOSTdbhostmachine.dddd.cccc.comPOR Services Summary... Service zabbix has 1 instances.   Instance zabbix, status READY, has 1 handlers for this service...     Handlers       DEDICATED established578 refused0 stateready          LOCAL SERVER Service zabbixXDB has 1 instances.   Instance zabbix, status READY, has 1 handlers for this service...     Handlers       D000 established0 refused0 current0 max1022 stateready          DISPATCHER ltmachine dbhostmachine, pid 6384gt          ADDRESSPROTOCOLtcpHOSTdbhostmachine.dddd.cccc.comPORT61396 Service zabbixXPT has 1 instances.   Instance zabbix, status READY, has 1 handlers for this service...     Handlers       DEDICATED established578 refused0 stateready          LOCAL SERVER The command completed successfully codepre  pAttempting to connect locally works finep  precodeSQLPlus Release 11.1.0.7.0  Production on Fri Nov 2 130631 2012  Copyright c 1982, 2008, Oracle.  All rights reserved.  Enter username SYSTEM Enter password  Connected to Oracle Database 11g Enterprise Edition Release 11.1.0.7.0  64bit Production  SQLgt connect uuuppplocalhostzabbix Connected. SQLgt   codepre  pHowever, remotely I get the popular errorp  precodeociplogon ORA12154 TNScould not resolve the connect identifier specified  codepre  pThe strange thing is that it was working intermittently before. I would get an error about every 10 seconds in my applicationp  precode3092320121101142237.595 [Z3001] connection to database dbhostmachine1521zabbix     failed [1] ORA12516 TNSlistener could not find available handler with matching   protocol stack 3092320121101142237.596 watchdog database is down codepre  pbut there was definitely data being sent across the network, and persisted in the db. After restarting application and server I am no longer able to get a connection at all and am stuch on ORA12154p
Negative 42922 pIve consulted this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11949160cannotinstalljpypeonubuntu120464bitCannot install JPype on ubuntu 12.04 64 bitap  pAnd Im following the tutorial here a hrefhttpsgithub.comjohanlundbergneo4jdjangotutorial relnofollowhttpsgithub.comjohanlundbergneo4jdjangotutorialap  pIt seems Im still having a problem installing JPype, despite having done both the things in that answerp  pcodesudo aptget install pythonjpypecodep  pandp  pcodesudo aptget install pythondevcodep  pThe error Im getting, when I runp  pcodepython neo4jtutmanage.py syncdbcodep  ptells me the module doesnt exist, withp  pcodehomeusernamedjangoenvlocallibpython2.7sitepackagesneo4jbackend.py, line 83, in ltmodulegt     import jpype, os ImportError No module named jpypecodep  pCan anyone tell whats happening herep
Negative 42922 pIm trying to print a simple array defined in my controller into my view with a new line for each element. But what its doing is printing the whole array on one line.p  pHeres my controllerp  precodeclass TodosController lt ApplicationController   def index     todoarray  [ Buy Milk, Buy Soap, Pay bill, Draw Money ]   end end codepre  pHeres my viewp  precodelt todoarray.each do t gt lt puts t gtltbrgt lt end gt codepre  pHeres the resultp  precodeltbrgt ltbrgt ltbrgt ltbrgt [Buy Milk, Buy Soap, Pay bill, Draw Money] codepre
Negative 42922 pI am using codeCLLocationManagercode and codeCLLocationManagerDelegatecode to find out user location coordinates. I would like to make sure that I have got my coordinate first and then resume the rest of code.  How could I able to lock my code to get location coordinate and then resume.p  pAny idea or suggestionsp
Negative 42922 pI am attempting to submit a form contained in a parent window from a child iframe using jQuery without much luck.p  pIn the child window I have the following validation functionp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript srctemplatesjsjquery.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srctemplatesjsjquery.validate.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt     document.readyfunction         forminvoiceitem.validate             submitHandler function form                    Check if main invoice already saved                 if invoiceid.val                          Change target to processing iframe                     try                          parent.invoiceform.ajaxSubmit                      catche  debug                         alert Error  e                                        else                      alert Saving invoice   invoiceid.val   items                                           form.submit debug                                          ltscriptgt ltform methodpost idforminvoiceitem nameforminvoiceitem actionindex.php targetinvoiceitemsgt codepre  pThe error that occurs at codeparent.invoiceform.ajaxSubmitcode is p  blockquote   pErrorTypeError Object [object Object] has no method ajaxSubmitp blockquote  pIf I use the following snippet which is just in plain Javascript, there is no problemObviously this isnt jQuery but it gets the job done. How do i do this in jQueryp  precodeparent.document.getElementByIdinvoiceform.targetprocess parent.document.getElementByIdinvoiceform.submit parent.document.getElementByIdinvoiceform.target codepre  pI have a hidden iframe called process which has its display property set to hidden. p
Negative 42922 pI have two apps on Google App Engine, both running under the same account, and one invokes services provided by the other over HTTPS. What is the recommended way of ensuring that only the first app is permitted to invoke the second p  pAlternatively, is there a way to specify that given endpoint can only be invoked by an app running under the same GAE accountp
Negative 42922 pI didnt really use maven so it may be noob question.p  pI have Eclipse plugin project and before I deploy it, I need to generate a pom file. The regular pom file is designed for java projects and if I try to generate from them I lose my plugin dependencies. Is there a way for maven to include them,too p
Negative 42922 pI started a suduko project and I need to replace all the 0 in the list board to  . why it doesnt workp  pI get this errorp  precodeAttributeError list object has no attribute replace codepre  pmy codep  precodeboard  [[3,7,0,0,5,0,0,0,0],          [0,6,0,0,3,0,2,0,0],          [0,2,9,4,0,0,0,7,8],          [0,0,4,1,7,0,0,8,0],          [0,0,6,3,0,5,9,0,0],          [0,5,0,0,8,4,1,0,0],          [7,1,0,0,0,8,5,6,0],          [0,0,5,0,1,0,0,2,0],          [0,0,0,0,9,0,0,1,3]]  def printboardboard     pass     a1     boardboard.replace0,       for i in board         a1          if a30              print 25             print ,i[0],i[1],i[2],,i[3],i[4],i[5],,i[6],i[7],i[8],          else             print ,i[0],i[1],i[2],,i[3],i[4],i[5],,i[6],i[7],i[8],     print 25 codepre
Negative 42922 pI need help on using coderichpickListcode bound to a Set, not a List. Lets say Im using this structure taken from another a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions839893howtopopulatetherightsideofarichfacespicklistquestiona on coderichpickListcodep  precodeltrichpickList valuebean.chosenRolesgt     ltfselectItems valuebean.allRoles gt ltrichpickListgt codepre  pBeing codebean.chosenRolescode a codeSetltTgtcode and codebean.allRolescode a codeDataModelltTgtcode.p  pI tried adding a conversor codeutil.convertSetToListSetltTgtcode from Set to List that I use when showing datap  precodeltrichpickList valueutil.convertSetToListbean.chosenRolesgt     ltfselectItems valuebean.allRoles gt ltrichpickListgt codepre  pBut then I get a NullPointerException.p  precodeGrave java.lang.NullPointerException     at org.richfaces.renderkit.SelectManyHelper.getConvertedValueSelectManyHelper.java270     at org.richfaces.renderkit.SelectManyRendererBase.getConvertedValueSelectManyRendererBase.java108     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.getConvertedValueUIInput.java1030     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.validateUIInput.java960     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.executeValidateUIInput.java1233     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.processValidatorsUIInput.java698     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at org.richfaces.component.AbstractTogglePanel.processValidatorsAbstractTogglePanel.java265     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1214     at javax.faces.component.UIForm.processValidatorsUIForm.java253     at org.richfaces.context.PartialViewExecuteVisitCallback.visitPartialViewExecuteVisitCallback.java55     at org.richfaces.context.BaseExtendedVisitContext.invokeVisitCallbackBaseExtendedVisitContext.java321     at javax.faces.component.UIForm.visitTreeUIForm.java354     at javax.faces.component.UIComponent.visitTreeUIComponent.java1601     at javax.faces.component.UIComponent.visitTreeUIComponent.java1601     at org.richfaces.context.ExtendedPartialViewContextImpl.executeComponentsExtendedPartialViewContextImpl.java237     at org.richfaces.context.ExtendedPartialViewContextImpl.processPartialExecutePhaseExtendedPartialViewContextImpl.java217     at org.richfaces.context.ExtendedPartialViewContextImpl.processPartialExtendedPartialViewContextImpl.java196     at javax.faces.component.UIViewRoot.processValidatorsUIViewRoot.java1170     at com.sun.faces.lifecycle.ProcessValidationsPhase.executeProcessValidationsPhase.java76     at com.sun.faces.lifecycle.Phase.doPhasePhase.java101     at com.sun.faces.lifecycle.LifecycleImpl.executeLifecycleImpl.java118     at javax.faces.webapp.FacesServlet.serviceFacesServlet.java593     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapper.serviceStandardWrapper.java1550     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java281     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java175     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardPipeline.doInvokeStandardPipeline.java655     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardPipeline.invokeStandardPipeline.java595     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java161     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.doServiceCoyoteAdapter.java331     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java231     at com.sun.enterprise.v3.services.impl.ContainerMapperAdapterCallable.callContainerMapper.java317     at com.sun.enterprise.v3.services.impl.ContainerMapper.serviceContainerMapper.java195     at com.sun.grizzly.http.ProcessorTask.invokeAdapterProcessorTask.java860     at com.sun.grizzly.comet.CometEngine.executeServletCometEngine.java459     at com.sun.grizzly.comet.CometEngine.handleCometEngine.java316     at com.sun.grizzly.comet.CometAsyncFilter.doFilterCometAsyncFilter.java87     at com.sun.grizzly.arp.DefaultAsyncExecutor.invokeFiltersDefaultAsyncExecutor.java171     at com.sun.grizzly.arp.DefaultAsyncExecutor.interruptDefaultAsyncExecutor.java143     at com.sun.grizzly.arp.AsyncProcessorTask.doTaskAsyncProcessorTask.java102     at com.sun.grizzly.http.TaskBase.runTaskBase.java193     at com.sun.grizzly.http.TaskBase.executeTaskBase.java175     at com.sun.grizzly.arp.DefaultAsyncHandler.handleDefaultAsyncHandler.java145     at com.sun.grizzly.arp.AsyncProtocolFilter.executeAsyncProtocolFilter.java210     at com.sun.grizzly.DefaultProtocolChain.executeProtocolFilterDefaultProtocolChain.java137     at com.sun.grizzly.DefaultProtocolChain.executeDefaultProtocolChain.java104     at com.sun.grizzly.DefaultProtocolChain.executeDefaultProtocolChain.java90     at com.sun.grizzly.http.HttpProtocolChain.executeHttpProtocolChain.java79     at com.sun.grizzly.ProtocolChainContextTask.doCallProtocolChainContextTask.java54     at com.sun.grizzly.SelectionKeyContextTask.callSelectionKeyContextTask.java59     at com.sun.grizzly.ContextTask.runContextTask.java71     at com.sun.grizzly.util.AbstractThreadPoolWorker.doWorkAbstractThreadPool.java532     at com.sun.grizzly.util.AbstractThreadPoolWorker.runAbstractThreadPool.java513     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722 codepre
Negative 42922 pIm developing my first MVC intranet and Ive just come across a bit of a problem. I have a model for my create pagep  precodeusing System.Collections.Generic using CTTModel  namespace TestingTool.ViewModels      public class TestCreationModel              public Test Tests  get set          public Risk Risks  get set          public ICollectionltTestFieldgt Fields  get set        codepre  pI need to create a a test that has a risk and a collection of fields associated. It must be done in the same process.p  pSo, what I need is some control where I can add multiple records.p  pSo that went I press Create, it is sent back to the controller and then I can add each record to a ICollection of TestField.p  pThe tests and risks part works fine, Im struggling with the field thing. Any ideasp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIEMDS.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pI have a chart with multiple series as lines. These are appearing in the legend and i am trying to add some sort of control to the user so that it is possible to enable or disable the series in the graph based on the users preference and hence trying to add check boxes. I cant find any info anywhere. Is it possiblep
Negative 42922 pIn twitter, you can tell what hashtags to be included when pressing the tweet button, and thats done using the codehashtagscode parameter.p  pIs there anything similar while sharing to Google Ive read the a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.compluginsshare relnofollowShare documentationa but found nothing like that I care most about the Share Link method of sharing.p  pDo you know any ways of accomplishing thatp
Negative 42922 pIve benn having a problem for a while, when Im trying to inherit from a pure virtual class, when I make the constructor for the son classes I receive this errorp  precode..srcCourse.cpp5477 error class ElectiveCourse does not have any field named dptr codepre  pAnd this happens for all of the Course Protected fields.p  pThis is the structurep  pCourse.hp  precode    class Course     public         virtual void regStudent  s  0     ..     protected     ...         string dptr     ...      codepre  pand thenp  precodeclass ElectiveCourse  public Course ...  codepre  pCourse.cppp  precodeElectiveCourseElectiveCourse     string name,     int semester,     double minGrade   dptrCS, namename, semestersemester, minGrademinGrade   codepre  pLike the ElectiveCourse, I have two other classes that inherit from the Course class, and Im getting the same error in all of them. [EDIT] This only happens in the Constructor of them. There is NO constructor in the Course class hence it is pure virtual.p  pIn the other hand, I also have two classe Student, and CSStudent  Student, where Student is also pure virtual and CSStudent inherit Student, and in this case there are no errors. I did the same exact thing in both of them. What seems to be the problem Im sorry for my grammar errors.p  p[EDIT] added the Course.cpp part where Im getting the error.p  pThanks p
Negative 42922 pI want to write a script which will show all messages owned by ONLY users with codeRoleID  4code. So I tried to write something like thisp  precodeSELECT DT.DiscussionThreadID, DT.Message FROM DiscussionThread DT INNER JOIN Users U on U.UserID  DT.CreatedBy INNER JOIN UserRoles UR on UR.UserID  U.RoleID WHERE UR.RoleID  4 codepre  pExample of UserRoles tablep  precodeUserID     RoleID 1          1 1          2 1          4 2          4 3          3 3          4 codepre  pI expected to see only messages posted by user with codeUserID  2code  he dont have additional roles except of codeRoleID  4code. But my script returns all posts. Can someone help mep
Negative 42922 pIm doing some iPhone development, and Im using Storyboards to mock up and expedite my development.p  pI didnt came from the conventional way of doing things, do I have top  pAnyway, I have storyboard, p  precode                                                          TableViewController NavigationControllergtViewControllergtTabViewController [                                                           AnotherViewController codepre  pI wanted to add a new ViewController attached to the TableViewController so that when I click on the row item it will show it on the other view, howeverp  ol liI cant find a way how to connect the new ViewController into the TableViewController vice versali ol  pSo I tried the conventional way of doing things on the p  precodedidSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath codepre  pI put the ffp  precodeCViewController controller  [[CViewController alloc] initWithNibName bundlenil] [self.navigationController pushViewControllercontroller animatedYES] [controller release] codepre  pI tried to give the Controller an identifier on the Attributes Inspector but does not work and is giving me the following crash stackp  precodeTerminating app due to uncaught exception NSInternalInconsistencyException, reason Could not load NIB in bundle NSBundle ltUserspaulvincentongLibraryApplication SupportiPhone Simulator5.1ApplicationsA1C369F89EAD47948861945C73F7FE0BSyncProto.appgt loaded with name ControllerViewName  codepre  pIf I remove the Identifier, Ill get a no NibName exceptionp  pWhat should I do I know it should just be the same as I was able to go as far as four levels of relating controllers, there might be something at the back of my head that is confusing me...p  pTIA,p
Negative 42922 pJust wondering if someone can check my strongdo  whilestrong statement that is nested within an strongifelseifstrong statement to see where Im potentially going wrong.p  precodestrSQL  exec spCoursesStartingSoon     objConn  New SqlConnectionstrConnection     objConn.Open     objCmd  New SqlCommandstrSQL, objConn     datareader  objCmd.ExecuteReader0     datareader.Read  If datareadersubjectcode  F23 Then          Do While datareadersubjectcode  F23              html  lth1gtAccess to HElth1gt             html  ltpgt amp datareadername amp ltpgt             html  ltpgt amp datareaderlevel amp ltpgt          Loop      ElseIf datareadersubjectcode  F06 Then          Do While datareadersubjectcode  F06              html  lth1gtArt and Designlth1gt             html  ltpgt amp datareadername amp ltpgt             html  ltpgt amp datareaderlevel amp ltpgt          Loop       End If codepre  pAt the moment, the page isnt loading and seems stuck in a loop but wanted to check if its my logic which Im assuming it is.p  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pI am currently running on SQL plus and i have 2 tables. p  pIf i enter values into dept  nmemployees   and if that value is not there in  dept2  nmdepartments , then I have to write a PL in SQL to enter the value in dept2. I have the code written but it is incorrect. any ideasp  precodeCREATE TABLE nmemployees name varchar20, dept varchar20, CONSTRAINT empPK PRIMARY KEY dept   CREATE TABLE nmdepartments dept2 varchar20, CONSTRAINT departments FOREIGN KEY dept2 REFERENCES nmemployeesdept   INSERT INTO nmemployees values nancy,engineer IF NOT EXISTS SELECT dept FROM nmemployees where deptengineer  THEN     INSERT INTO nmdepartments values engineer END IF codepre
Negative 42922 pLet say we have a long chain of Django models, where each references the one above through a codeForeignKeycode fieldp  precodeclass Onemodels.Model     fields  class Twomodels.Model     one  models.ForeignKeyOne  ...  class Tenmodels.Model     nine  models.ForeignKeyNine codepre  pGood Now image, if you will, having an instance of the codeTencode model and wanting to grab the related codeOnecode instance. This can result in long lines of attribute chaining like thisp  precodeteninstance.nine.eight.seven.six.five.four.three.two.one codepre  pIm wondering what the standard approach would be to this niggling issue. Do we leave it as is, being inherently descriptive and readable. Or do we aim to shorten such a line to make things more simplep  precodeteninstance.one codepre  h2But Whats The Best Practice Here Or is there a more simple solutionh2
Negative 42922 pI am doing some tests with HTML5 based webApplications for mobile in this I want to check performance of different packages like Titanium and for example Phonegap.p  pI ran some tests with phonegap which were quite disappointing in terms of performance so now I want to give Titanium a try.p  pAs a webdeveloper a HTML based application is the most logical choice for me and all I really want is to see how the app I have written will run when compiled.p  pSo.. After installing en registering Titanium I choose HTMLbased Application and wanted to run the iPhone simulator. But the simulator exits without having anything shown.p  pThe logp  precode[INFO] One moment, building ... [INFO] Titanium SDK version 2.1.4 110912 1246 51f2c64 [INFO] iPhone Device family universal [INFO] iPhone SDK version 6.0 [INFO] iPhone simulated device iphone [INFO] Performing full rebuild. This will take a little bit. Hold tight... [INFO] Minimum iOS version 4.3 Linked iOS Version 6.0 [INFO] Compiling localization files [INFO] Launching application in Simulator [INFO] Launched application in Simulator 22.53 seconds [INFO] Application has exited from Simulator codepre  pDoes not really help either, after 22.53 seconds the simulator basically closes.p  pAm I doing something wrong here I thought the templates Titanium gives should pretty much run without changing anything..p  pThanks in advancep  pstrongEDITstrong I created a new, clean project and also have this problem.  The same log is shown as above, running a clean project starts the simulator and immediately closes it.p
Negative 42922 pGood day. p  pI set up a separate project from the main one called myprojectcelery. It is a buildout based project which contains the async part of my project. For convenience I want to have a file, that will be containing this machines configuration. I know that celery provides the python config file, but I emdo notem like this configuration style. p  pLets say I have a configuration in a Yaml config file named strongmyproject.yamlstrongp  pWhat I want to achieve p  precode.bincelery worker config absolutepathtoprojectmyproject.yaml app myproject.celery codepre  pThe problem really is that I want to specify the files location, because it can change. I tried writing a custom loader class, but I failed, cause I do not even know why and when the many custom methods of this class are called the only doc that I found is a hrefhttpdocs.celeryproject.orgenlatestreferencecelery.loaders.base.htmlhighlightloaderid1 relnofollowhttpdocs.celeryproject.orgenlatestreferencecelery.loaders.base.htmlhighlightloaderid1a and Its no help for me. I tried to do something on import phase for the app module, but I can not pass the filepath to that modules code... The only solution that I came up with was using a custom ENV param that will contain the path, but I do not see why cant it be a launch param like in most apps, that I userefering to pyramid with its paster serve myproject.inip  pSo the question  emWhat do I have to do to set up the config from a file that I could specify by an absolute pathemp  pEDIT The question was not answered, sow I posted an issue on celerys github. Will wait for a response. a hrefhttpsgithub.comceleryceleryissues1100 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comceleryceleryissues1100ap
Negative 42922 pThis is what Im doingp  precodeAspect public class MethodLogger    Aroundexecution ..  initialization.new.. ampamp annotationFoo   public Object wrapProceedingJoinPoint point throws Throwable       works fine, but only for methods     codepre  pThe snippet works fine, but only for method calls. This is what a hrefhttpmojo.codehaus.orgaspectjmavenplugin relnofollowAspectJ maven plugina is saying after applying the aspect not during its compilation, which works just finep  precodearound on initialization not supported compiler limitation codepre  pAny workaround Im with OpenJDK 7p  precodejava version 1.7.005 JavaTM SE Runtime Environment build 1.7.005b06 Java HotSpotTM 64Bit Server VM build 23.1b03, mixed mode codepre
Negative 42922 pI am looking to indent content of table columns BUT NOT the content of the table heading row. I had found some code on another thread that solved the issue of needing to pad only certain columns, but this also pads the table heading row.p  precode first column  tdfirstchild  paddingleft 20px      second column   tdfirstchild  td  paddingleft 10px      third columns   tdfirstchild  td  td  paddingleft 0    codepre
Negative 42922 pIm using the following theme for our site a hrefhttpthemes.vivantdesigns.comvpaddashboard.html relnofollowhttpthemes.vivantdesigns.comvpaddashboard.htmlap  pI want an ajax loader to show NEXT to the linktab, when a user clicks a link within the drilldown menu on the left. As you can see from the link, content is dynamically loaded within ap  precodeltsection idmainsectiongtPagename.html loaded hereltsectiongt codepre  pSo basically, I want the ajax loader to show to the right of the menu links and disappear when the dynamic content loads. It will be hard to see this pause on the demo link, but heavier database queries will cause it to sit there a moment, and slower connections of course.p  pAny immediate help is appreciated very much.p  pIve tried showhide onClick methods, hiding class on document ready, and nothing seems to work cleanly.p
Negative 42922 pIve seen a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10256227onchangefunctioninopenerpthisa question and used it to achieve a similar goal in openerp. Hence my function  p  precodedef onchangewarningself, cr, uid, ids, result, lower, upper, contextNone     res     flag  False     if result lt lower or result gt upper         flag  True     res  warning flag     return value res codepre  pAnd in the view I have  p  precodeltfield nameresult onchangeonchangewarningresult, lower, uppergt   codepre  pwhere strongresultstrong, stronglowerstrong, and strongupperstrong are floats, and strongwarningstrong is boolean with no default value. In the tree inside my form I have predefined values for both stronglowerstrong and strongupperstrong, while the strongresultstrong is emnull 0.00em and set to be filled.  p  pThe function works well and does what its supposed to. I am however facing a problem with results that are strongactually equal to 0.0strong and should set the flag, whereas the emonchangeem function DOh cannot be executed because the field value did not technically CHANGE from its default value of 0.00. What to do  p  pPS Sorry about the horrible title, feel free to improve it p  pstrongEDITstrong  p  pIf anyone needs to see how the function becomes  p  blockquote precodedef onchangewarningself, cr, uid, ids, result, lower, upper, contextNone     res     flag  False     if floatresult lt lower or floatresult gt upper         flag  True     res  warning flag     return value res codepre blockquote  pwith strongresultstrong now being a strongfields.charstrongp
Negative 42922 pI have formulated test cases in Django framework. p  pUse Case I am using API that register user by sending them an Email and when they click on the link provided in the Email their account get activated.p  pIn my settings.py I am usingp  precodeEMAILFILEPATH  django.core.mail.backends.filebased.EmailBackend codepre  pwhich points to the local directory.p  pWhen running PyUnit test case from eclipse everything works file. Text file gets generated for each email sentp  pBut, When i am usingp  precodepython .manage.py test ltcomponentnamegt codepre  pthe files does not generate.p  pAny insight what is the difference when I execute test case with code.manage.pycode and when I use codepyUnitcode  p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to populate a gridview with a list of objects via linq I only want to show certain objects with a specific property.p  pI get the error...p  blockquote   pException Details System.ArgumentNullException Value cannot be null.   Parameter name sourcep      pSource Error p      pLine 1364        returnInvoices  ListSession[Invoices]   Line 1365    Line 1366        var partInvoices  from i in returnInvoices    Line 1367                           where i.PartNo  partNo    Line 1368                           select new   Source File   cinetpubwwwroot...Form.aspx.cs    Line 1366p blockquote  precodeprotected void DoInvoicePopUpstring partNo      ListltInvoicegt returnInvoices  ListltInvoicegtSession[Invoices]      var partInvoices  from i in returnInvoices                        where i.PartNo  partNo                        select new                                                    i.InvoiceID,                            i.InvoiceNo,                            i.InvoiceLine,                            i.InvoiceDate,                            i.OrderNo,                            i.OrderLine,                            i.OrderRel,                            i.OrderLineItem,                            i.OrderLineQty,                            i.CustomerPO,                            i.Serialized                              GridView3.DataSource  partInvoices     GridView3.DataBind      pnlBlanket.Visible  pnlInvoiceSearch.Visible  true  codepre  pIm not sure what Im doing wrong. The List has 200 objects in it, so how can it be nullp
Negative 42922 pI wrote this codep  precodebyte[] test  51 byte[] test2  51 byte[] test3  51 System.out.printlnString.valueOftest System.out.printlnString.valueOftest2 System.out.printlnString.valueOftest3 codepre  pAnd ive got a different resultsp  precode[B9304b1 [B190d11 [Ba90653 codepre  pWhyp
Negative 42922 pI have a powershell script that accepts user input that I plan to use to execute a stored procedure.  The sproc accepts multiple parameters to customize the data that is returned.  However, when I run this powershell code, I get the following errorp  precodeCannot index into a null array. At CReport.ps1119 char42      foreach Row in globalDataSet.Tables[ ltltltlt 0].Rows  CategoryInfo           InvalidOperation 0Int32 [], RuntimeException  FullyQualifiedErrorId  NullArray codepre  pThis is the powershell code Im using to execute the call to the stored procedure.p  precode Create Shared Helper Objects nl  [Environment]NewLine  function msg      parammessage,fgcolorwhite,bgcolorblack     output  WriteHost message ForegroundColor fgcolor BackgroundColor bgcolor     writeoutput output  SetLocation C  month  ReadHost Enter Report Month year  ReadHost Enter Report Year msg nl Choose a product White prompt   [D] Desktop  [M] Mobile switch ReadHost prompt  D product  Desktop break M product  Mobile break  msg nl Select a Make White prompt   [F] First [L] Last  switch ReadHost prompt  F SiteMake  First break L SiteMake  Last break  msg nl Select a Product White prompt   [E] Extra [B] Basic switch ReadHost prompt  E SitePackage  Extra break B SitePackage  Basic break    Create Database Connection Function function ConnectSproc  param SQLServer, SQLDBName, SqlQuery SqlConnection  NewObject System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection   SqlConnection.ConnectionString  Server  SQLServer Database  SQLDBName Integrated Security  True   SqlCmd  NewObject System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand   SqlCmd.CommandText  SqlQuery SqlCmd.CommandType  [System.Data.CommandType]StoredProcedure      Report Month     SqlCmd.Parameters.AddReportMonth,[system.data.SqlDbType]VarChar  outNull     SqlCmd.Parameters[ReportMonth].Direction  [system.data.ParameterDirection]Input     SqlCmd.Parameters[ReportMonth].value  month      Report Year     SqlCmd.Parameters.AddReportYear,[system.data.SqlDbType]VarChar  outNull     SqlCmd.Parameters[ReportYear].Direction  [system.data.ParameterDirection]Input     SqlCmd.Parameters[ReportYear].value  year      Product     SqlCmd.Parameters.AddProduct,[system.data.SqlDbType]VarChar  outNull     SqlCmd.Parameters[Product].Direction  [system.data.ParameterDirection]Input     SqlCmd.Parameters[Product].value  product      Site Make     SqlCmd.Parameters.AddSiteMake,[system.data.SqlDbType]VarChar  outNull     SqlCmd.Parameters[SiteMake].Direction  [system.data.ParameterDirection]Input     SqlCmd.Parameters[SiteMake].value  SiteMake      Site Package     SqlCmd.Parameters.AddSitePackage,[system.data.SqlDbType]VarChar  outNull     SqlCmd.Parameters[SitePackage].Direction  [system.data.ParameterDirection]Input     SqlCmd.Parameters[SitePackage].value  SitePackage SqlCmd.Connection  SqlConnection   SqlAdapter  NewObject System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataAdapter   SqlAdapter.SelectCommand  SqlCmd   DataSet  NewObject System.Data.DataSet   SqlAdapter.FillDataSet  OutNull   SqlConnection.Close   DataSet.Tables[0]   ConnectSproc servername databasename mysproc codepre  pIm at a loss.  Any help would be appreciatedp  pUpdate it actually looks like the procedure isnt even executing correctly.  That would probably explain the error that Im getting.  Now Im not sure why the sproc isnt executing.p
Negative 42922 pI m trying to make simple mp3 player.when i use thisp  precode listBox2.Items.AddopenFileDialog1.FileName codepre  pto add songs to my listbox it is working but it shows file directory so i changed like thisp  precodelistBox2.Items.AddopenFileDialog1.SafeFileName codepre  pthen it looks song name on listbox1 but when i click play button it is not workingp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.ComponentModel using System.Data using System.Drawing using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Windows.Forms using System.IO using System.Runtime.InteropServices  namespace WindowsFormsApplication12222      public partial class Form1  Form              [DllImportwinmm.dll]         private static extern long mciSendStringstring strCommand, StringBuilder strReturn, int iReturnLength, IntPtr hwndCallback         public string Pcommand         public bool isOpen         public Form1                      InitializeComponent                   public void Stop                      Pcommand  close MediaFile             mciSendStringPcommand, null, 0, IntPtr.Zero             isOpen  false                   public void Start                      Pcommand  open   listBox1.SelectedItem   type mpegvideo alias MediaFile             mciSendStringPcommand, null, 0, IntPtr.Zero             isOpen  true             Playtrue                   private void button10Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      openFileDialog1.Filter  Media File.mpg,.dat,.avi,.wmv,.wav,.mp3.wav.mp3.mpg.dat.avi.wmv             openFileDialog1.ShowDialog              if openFileDialog1.FileName                    listBox1.Items.AddopenFileDialog1.SafeFileName                  listBox2.Items.AddopenFileDialog1.FileName                                 private void button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      Start                   private void button4Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      Stop                  public void Playbool loop                      if isOpen                              Pcommand  play MediaFile                 if loop                     Pcommand   REPEAT                 mciSendStringPcommand, null, 0, IntPtr.Zero                               int x         private void button2Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                       if listBox1.SelectedIndex listBox1.Items.Count1   x              else                              Stop                 listBox1.SelectedIndex  listBox1.SelectedIndex  1                  Start                               int y         private void button5Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                       if listBox1.SelectedIndex 0  y              else                              Stop                 listBox1.SelectedIndex  listBox1.SelectedIndex  1                  Start                                private void button3Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      listBox1.SelectedIndex  0              Stop             Start                   private void button6Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      listBox1.SelectedIndex  listBox1.Items.Count  1             Stop             Start                   private void button9Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      listBox1.Items.Clear             Pcommand  close MediaFile             mciSendStringPcommand, null, 0, IntPtr.Zero             isOpen  false                   private void button8Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                             private void openFileDialog1FileOkobject sender, CancelEventArgs e                           codepre  pextra question is it possible to mix random a listbox .I add songs on mp3 player then when i want to click mix button i want list mixed.Is there any listbox command for thisp
Negative 42922 pI have a text file that looks a bit like thisp  precode356, httplinkgoeshere.com4445555 titleThe Chariotgt ltbr gt 356, httplinkgoeshere.com4445555 titlefddsfssfdgt ltbr gt 356, httplinkgoeshere.com4445555 titleT3434534535gt ltbr gt codepre  pI want to just leave everything up to the link and remove everything after but each part after is unique apart from the title so I cant do find and replace.p  pAbout 800 lines of this btwp  pIs there any way I can do this using programmingp  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pClicking on a product in Magento triggers the following error. Not sure how to go about fixing this. p  pAny help is greatly appreciated.p  pI am not sure if the error is related to a theme module or some other configuration that needs to be either on or off.p  pHere is the error logtracep  pre code SQLSTATE[42000] Syntax error or access violation 1064 You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near  at line 3 Trace 0homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publiclibVarienDbStatementPdoMysql.php110 ZendDbStatementPdoexecuteArray 1 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publiclibZendDbStatement.php300 VarienDbStatementPdoMysqlexecuteArray 2 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publiclibZendDbAdapterAbstract.php479 ZendDbStatementexecuteArray 3 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publiclibZendDbAdapterPdoAbstract.php238 ZendDbAdapterAbstractquerySELECT e.ent..., Array 4 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publiclibVarienDbAdapterPdoMysql.php419 ZendDbAdapterPdoAbstractquerySELECT e.ent..., Array 5 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publiclibZendDbAdapterAbstract.php791 VarienDbAdapterPdoMysqlqueryObjectVarienDbSelect, Array 6 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCatalogModelResourceProductCollection.php964 ZendDbAdapterAbstractfetchColObjectVarienDbSelect, Array 7 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappdesignfrontenddefaulttheme398templateshowroomaddtoshowroom.phtml4 MageCatalogModelResourceProductCollectiongetAllIds 8 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php241 includehomestyley6p... 9 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php272 MageCoreBlockTemplatefetchViewfrontenddefaul... 10 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php286 MageCoreBlockTemplaterenderView 11 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php863 MageCoreBlockTemplatetoHtml 12 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTextList.php43 MageCoreBlockAbstracttoHtml 13 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php863 MageCoreBlockTextListtoHtml 14 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php582 MageCoreBlockAbstracttoHtml 15 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php526 MageCoreBlockAbstractgetChildHtmlextrahint, true 16 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappdesignfrontenddefaulttheme398templateajaxcatalogproductview.phtml31 MageCoreBlockAbstractgetChildHtmlextrahint 17 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php241 includehomestyley6p... 18 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php272 MageCoreBlockTemplatefetchViewfrontenddefaul... 19 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php286 MageCoreBlockTemplaterenderView 20 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php863 MageCoreBlockTemplatetoHtml 21 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTextList.php43 MageCoreBlockAbstracttoHtml 22 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php863 MageCoreBlockTextListtoHtml 23 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php582 MageCoreBlockAbstracttoHtml 24 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php526 MageCoreBlockAbstractgetChildHtmlcontent, true 25 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappdesignfrontenddefaulttheme398templatepage2columnsright.phtml51 MageCoreBlockAbstractgetChildHtmlcontent 26 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php241 includehomestyley6p... 27 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php272 MageCoreBlockTemplatefetchViewfrontenddefaul... 28 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockTemplate.php286 MageCoreBlockTemplaterenderView 29 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreBlockAbstract.php863 MageCoreBlockTemplatetoHtml 30 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreModelLayout.php555 MageCoreBlockAbstracttoHtml 31 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreControllerVarienAction.php390 MageCoreModelLayoutgetOutput 32 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCmsHelperPage.php137 MageCoreControllerVarienActionrenderLayout 33 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCmsHelperPage.php52 MageCmsHelperPagerenderPageObjectMageCmsIndexController, noroute 34 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCmscontrollersIndexController.php75 MageCmsHelperPagerenderPageObjectMageCmsIndexController, noroute 35 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreControllerVarienAction.php419 MageCmsIndexControllernoRouteAction 36 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreControllerVarienRouterStandard.php250 MageCoreControllerVarienActiondispatchnoRoute 37 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreControllerVarienFront.php176 MageCoreControllerVarienRouterStandardmatchObjectMageCoreControllerRequestHttp 38 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappcodecoreMageCoreModelApp.php354 MageCoreControllerVarienFrontdispatch 39 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicappMage.php683 MageCoreModelApprunArray 40 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121217233442publicindex.php87 Magerun, store 41 main  code pre  pSo after trying to print what the SQL statement is printrparams suggested by James, the site goes down here is the error I am getting when I add the print statement.p  pre code  Cannot send headers headers already sent in homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publiclibVarienDbStatementPdoMysql.php, line 110      Trace     0 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publiclibZendControllerResponseAbstract.php115 ZendControllerResponseAbstractcanSendHeaderstrue     1 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicappcodecoreMageCoreModelApp.php1246 ZendControllerResponseAbstractsetHeaderContentType, texthtml char...     2 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicappcodecoreMageCoreControllerVarienFront.php80 MageCoreModelAppgetResponse     3 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicappcodecoreMageCoreModelUrlRewrite.php204 MageCoreControllerVarienFrontgetResponse     4 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicappcodecoreMageCoreControllerVarienFront.php166 MageCoreModelUrlRewriterewrite     5 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicappcodecoreMageCoreModelApp.php354 MageCoreControllerVarienFrontdispatch     6 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicappMage.php683 MageCoreModelApprunArray     7 homestyley6publichtmlreleases20121219012503publicindex.php87 Magerun, store     8 main     code     pre  pAfter adding  codecodeprintrparams diecode code the result is code codeArray code codep  pAny ideasp
Negative 42922 pWhich URL I should send the request to I already have my instance, I need the path. I have the oauth token, and I have the data. Thanks Hp
Negative 42922 pI read about.wav file format by googling,all I could figure was that Frames are made of samplesof some defined bit depth and a wav stereo file has a multiple of something called channels.... The confusion is whether a channel is made up of frames Do all channels play along when I play some audio file If a channel is made up of frames,are all channels equal in lengthbit wise Please answer if someone can,I have to display each channel separately when playing a wav file in waveformp
Negative 42922 pAccording to the official docs, the timeout for a http request via URLFetch on Google App Engine is 10 minutes if issued from a taskp  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocsjavaurlfetchoverviewQuotasandLimits relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocsjavaurlfetchoverviewQuotasandLimitsap  pUnfortunately Im experiencing a 250 seconds 410 min timeout no matter whatp  pIve setup as simple php test script running on Apache but Ive tested it with Lighttpd as well that Im calling from GAE that just waits 300 seconds and then returnsp  pHttp hookp  precodeecho Starting to waitn  waited  0 whilewaited lt 300    sleep5   waited  5   echo Waited so far waited secondsn   echo all donen codepre  pThe call always fails after approx 250 seconds and throws the following error in the GAE logsp  precodeIOException  Could not fetch URL ... codepre  pwhich isnt even a timeout related exceptionp  pOn the other side the web server records a successful call with http return code 200p  pThe Java code Im using to make the call is as followsp  precodeHTTPRequest httpReq  new HTTPRequestnew URLhttpexample.comveryslow.php,  HTTPMethod.GET, FetchOptions.Builder.allowTruncate.doNotValidateCertificate.setDeadline3600d  HTTPResponse resp  null  try  FutureltHTTPResponsegt futureResp  urlService.fetchAsynchttpReq  log.infoAync Call request lodged, waiting for a response  resp  futureResp.get  log.infoAync Call completed   catchThrowable th  log.warningURLFetch execution error   th.getMessage  codepre  pIve tried playing around with the setDeadline method specifying all sorts of different values without much luck. If I specify a value lower than 250 seconds, its used and a timeout exception is thrown. Anything above 250 seconds is ignored and a generic IOException is thrown instead.p  pIm pretty sure this looks like a GAE bug and after looking at the bug list on google code I freaked out at how many unresolved bugs are just pending there for years...p  pVery disappointed by Google App Engine at this stage...p  h2Updateh2  ol liOnly the production environment is affected. On the development server I experience no problems. Timeouts are generally not enforced on the dev server though...li liIve tried with both the sync and async URLFetch methods same result.li liIve tried with both the lowlevel GAEproprietary URLFetch or the java.net URLConnection objects same resultli ol
Negative 42922 pIn a project I am maintaining, I am forced to stick with 2 jQuery lib calls in one page for now at leastp  precodeltscript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.8.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt  1st jQuery call  ltscriptgt      Section A  Some code that uses jQuery  ltscriptgt  ltscript datamainmain srcrequire.min.jsgt       2nd jQuery call made inside  ltscriptgt  ltscriptgt      Section B  Some code that uses jQuery  ltscriptgt codepre  pThis has been causing some weirdness in Section B that Ive verified the source of the issue being the repeated inclusion of the jQuery lib.p  pSuppose I only have control over the AMD section  whats the bestrecommended options Ive got to handle this situation Thanksp
Negative 42922 pWith JDK7, the reflection API has changed and now the methods returned by getDeclaredMethods are strongnotstrong returned in the order in which they are declared in the source file. p  pNow my question is, does the .class file generated by javac contains methods emin the same orderem in which they were defined in the source file OR it can write methods in random order toop
Negative 42922 pI am working on Ruby Koans aboutmessagepassing.rb and got the code working for methodmissing as followsp  precodedef methodmissingmethodname, args, ampblock   messages ltlt methodname   object.sendmethodname, args, ampblock end codepre  pThis code seems to work, but I do not quite understand why the splat in needed in args and the amp is needed with the block.p  pIf I were defining a method, I understand that the  and amp are used to denote an array argument and block argument respectively, but what does it mean when they are used with the send method to invoke a method on an objectp
Negative 42922 pI am working on a database and its a pretty big one with 1.3 billion rows and around 35 columns. Here is what i get after checking the status of the tablep  precodeNameTable Name EngineInnoDB Version10 RowformatCompact Rows12853961 Avgrowlength572 Datalength7353663488 Maxdatalength0 Indexlength5877268480 Datafree0 Autoincrement12933138 Createtime41271.0312615741 UpdatetimeNULL ChecktimeNULL Collationutf8generalci ChecksumNULL Createoptions CommentInnoDB free 11489280 kB codepre  pThe Problem I am facing that even a single select query takes too much time to process for example a query  codeSelect  from TableName limit 0,50000code takes around 2.48 minutes Is that expectedp  pI have to make a report in which I have to use the whole historical data, that is whole 1.3 bil rows. I could do this batch by batch but then I would have to run queries which are  taking too much time many times again and again.  p  pWhen the simple query is taking so much time I am not able to do any other complex query which needs joins and case statements.p
Negative 42922 pIm not terribly new to ObjectiveC, but I cant figure out this issue. Im attempting to create an instance of a subclass of CCSprite that I made, but it always creates the instance at 0,0, and I cant move it. Ive set up my code so that it parses a .txt file in which I put level information, and then it creates sprites based on that information.p  pHeres the code that initializes the spritep  precodevoidinitLevel  NSLogLevel i is of length i, lvlNum, [FileReader getLengthOfLevel[FileReader getStartOfLevellvlNum atPathlvlPack] atPathlvlPack] CCSprite spriteToMake int start  [FileReader getStartOfLevellvlNum atPathlvlPack] int length  [FileReader getLengthOfLevelstart atPathlvlPack]  NSString tmp  [FileReader getLineFromFilelvlPack byIndexstart] NSArray tmpArray  [tmp componentsSeparatedByCharactersInSet[NSCharacterSet whitespaceAndNewlineCharacterSet]] NSMutableArray tmpArray2  [tmpArray mutableCopy] [tmpArray2 removeObject]  requiredLinks  [NSString[tmpArray2 objectAtIndex2] intValue]  [tmpArray2 release]  forint i  start  1 i lt start  length i     NSString line  [FileReader getLineFromFilelvlPack byIndexi]     int x  0     int y  0      NSArray temp  [line componentsSeparatedByCharactersInSet[NSCharacterSet whitespaceAndNewlineCharacterSet]]     NSMutableArray temp2  [temp mutableCopy]     [temp2 removeObject]      Determine the type of sprite     if[NSString[temp2 objectAtIndex0] isEqualToStringBasicSprite]         spriteToMake  [BasicLink sprite]     else if[NSString[temp2 objectAtIndex0] isEqualToStringBigSprite]         spriteToMake  [BasicLink spriteWithFileBigLink.png]     else         spriteToMake  nil           Create the sprite     ifspriteToMake  nil         x  [NSString[temp2 objectAtIndex1] intValue]         y  [NSString[temp2 objectAtIndex2] intValue]         spriteToMake.position  ccpx, y         NSLog, spriteToMake          [self addChildspriteToMake]         [spriteToMake setUpdate]     else         NSLogSprite set to NULL           NSLogi, i, i, x, y, [temp2 count]      [temp2 release]        codepre  pAnd heres the subclass headerp  precodeinterface BasicLink  CCSprite CGPoint position CGPoint movement int explosionRadius, width, height CCScene sceneIn   property assignCGPoint pos, movement property assignint explosionRadius, width, height property assignCCScene sceneIn  CCSpritesprite CCSpritespriteAtXintx atY inty  voiddie voidexplode voidupdateSprite CGRectgetBounds voidsetUpdate voidmoveintx, inty  end codepre  pAnd heres the part of the subclass that initializes the spritep  precodeimplementation BasicLink  synthesize position, movement, explosionRadius, sceneIn, width, height  CCSpritesprite     return [BasicLink spriteWithFileBasicLink.png]  codepre  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pHow can you get userinitiated access to read their email It seems tehre is OpenID, OAuth, OAuth2 and random other solutions...p  pThe best I came up with so far is OAuth2 with scopehttpsmail.google.comp  pIs there any permission that would just give me READONLY access to the mail and ideally not scare the user with a permission notice likep  pView and manage your mail Perform these operations when Im not using the applicationp  pAll Id like, if possible View your mail... p
Negative 42922 pI have this C recursive functionp  precodeincludeltstdio.hgt  int main      int entier      int rlt      printfnSaisir un entier         scanfd,ampentier      rltloga5      printfLe logarithme base 2 de d est d,entier,rlt     int logaint x      ifx1         return 0           else          return logax1logax2        codepre
Negative 42922 pIm managing a flashflex system which is shared across multiple sites on the same server.p  pRather than having to store the duplicates of the same swf files on each site I would like to setup a folder on the server windows 2008 iis7 containing these swfs and allow each site to use the same swf files.  I would like to include these files somehow so the user thinks the swf files are coming from the source domain not the a shared domain.p  pIm used to using coldfusion mapping to share files but this isnt available for noncoldfusion files i.e. swfp  pI wondered would it be possible to rewrite urls in my web.config file to these swf filesp  pPlease could someone suggest a way to do thisp  pThanks Davidp
Negative 42922 pI have a calculatortype app in the store that has some editText boxes that only allow numbers, decimals, and negative numbers.p  pI put in the XML codeandroidinputTypenumberDecimalnumberSignedcode.p  pThis worked great for every device I tested it on, except I just got a email from someone using a Kindle Fire firstgeneration saying that they cant input a decimal or negative number because  code.code and codecode are greyed out.p  pI set up a Kindle Fire firstgeneration emulator in Eclipse and started playing around, and sure enough I found the followingp  precodeandroidinputTypenumberDecimalnumberSigned androidinputTypenumbernumberDecimalnumberSigned  codepre  pwhich caused both code.code and codecode to be greyed out.p  pcodenumberDecimalcode and codenumberSignedcode both work fine when they are only paired with number but not each other.p  pDoes anyone know how to make codenumberDecimalnumberSignedcode work together, or make a editText only allow numbers, decimals, and negative versions of the two former on the Kindle Fire firstgenerationp
Negative 42922 pI want to get the inserted image not image attachment in a received Gmail mail. How is this done using Google Apps Scriptp  pI have tried to use codeurlfetchappcode to get the image data from the image link addressp  blockquote   phttpsmail.google.commailu0ui2ampikc348ccba97ampviewattampth13bb892c352c45dcampattid0.2ampdispembamprealattidii13bb88f3e56aae8campzwampatsh1p blockquote  pin the email html body, but can not bypass the google login page. The response content data always is login page.p
Negative 42922 pUsing Cassandra 1.2. I created a table using CQL 3 the following wayp  precodeCREATE TABLE foo      user text PRIMARY KEY,     emails setlttextgt  codepre  pNow I am trying to query the data through pycassap  precodeimport pycassa from pycassa.pool import ConnectionPool pool  ConnectionPoolks1, [localhost9160] foo  pycassa.ColumnFamilypool, foo codepre  pThis gives mep  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File test.py, line 5, in ltmodulegt     foo  pycassa.ColumnFamilypool, foo   File homejohnsrcpycassalibpython2.7sitepackagespycassacolumnfamily.py, line 284, in init     self.loadschema   File homejohnsrcpycassalibpython2.7sitepackagespycassacolumnfamily.py, line 312, in loadschema     raise nfe pycassa.cassandra.ttypes.NotFoundException NotFoundExceptionmessageNone, whyColumn family foo not found. codepre  pHow can this be accomplishedp
Negative 42922 pI have a string like this p  precodetestblabla codepre  pAnd with sed, I want to replace whats after the  with something else.p  pI can manage to replace a word, but not the one after the . I searched on the internet for the answer, but I didnt found anything.p  pAny help p
Negative 42922 pI have a store website that we want to make available to mobile users.  Completely redesigning this site is not an option.  The store has a left and right sidebar that is purely informational and is not necessary to purchase items.  I have been given the task of hiding the sidebars for mobile users.  I can easily use CSS to say coderightSidebar displaynonecode but it is graphic heavy and still will download to a users cell phone extremely slowly.p  pThe store is in ASP.NET C and the sidebars are ConLibs and I know I can put logic in there to say if mobile dont do this but my boss doesnt want that extensive amount of change to the store.  I know.    Is there anything else that Im overlooking that would let me hide the content without it downloading first  Im no pro in .NET so thought I should ask you folks if theres something I am missing or havent learned yet to do this.  I feel the best method is to modify the ConLib but unfortunately thats not an option for me at this time.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1433636phpreplaceinvalidcharactersinutf8stringinPHP replace invalid characters in utf8 string ina  p blockquote    pI have a string that has an invalid character in it its not UTF8 such as the following displaying SUBp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combNKx4.png altenter image description herep  pI think its some kind of foreign invalid character.p  pIs there a way in PHP to take a string and use codepregreplacecode or something else to ensure that I am only using valid UTF8 characters in my strings, and anything else just gets removedp  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pI want to randomize a number of string lists. p  pThe string lists all contain the same number of items, and I wish to apply the same shuffle to each list. So if codeList1[0]code is swapped with codeList1[7]code, then I want to swap codeList2[0]code with codeList2[7]code, and so on for all the lists.p
Negative 42922 pHow I can get all categories and subcategories if the category is active, but Include in Navigation Menu is set to Nop  pI try to use this p  precodeltphp  categories  MagegetBlockSingletoncatalognavigation  foreach categoriesgtgetStoreCategories as category   category  MagegetModelcatalogcategory  categorygtloadcategorygtgetId  subcategories  explode,, categorygtgetChildren  gt  ltdlgt  ltdtgtltphp echo thisgthtmlEscapecategorygtgetName gtltdtgt  ltddgt  ltolgt  ltphp  foreach subcategories as subcategoryId   categorygtloadsubcategoryId  echo ltligtlta href . categorygtgetURL . gt . categorygtgetName . ltagtltligt    gt  ltolgt  ltddgt  ltdlgt  ltphp    gt  codepre  pBut if a categorys Include in Nav menu is No, it wont show on the front page p
Negative 42922 h1Backgroundh1  pI need to build a RichClient application using .NET. The app needs to handle TreeViewControls and TableViewControls with about 100000 entities. GUI is build with WPF, very likely using Telerik Controls. My question is about the general architecture of the datalayer. Ive got some coarse ideas of the concepts, but would highly appreciate your comments  thoughts and hints into which technology I should dig deeper. Herere my thoughts p  h1Conceptual Layersh1  h2Presentation Layerh2  pjust the WPF Controls, Id need performant synchronizing of different controls on property changes, but I dont anticipate major problems here.p  h2Business Layerh2  pcreating views object selections to be displayed in the controls, CRUD operations modifications done directly with the POCOs, searching global search, but also limited to a viewp  h2Repositoryh2  pholds POCOs in an enitity map, decides weather to load from persistence storep  h2PersistenceManagerh2  pIm thinking of using a LocalDB or simple KeyValue Store as persistent ClientCache. So, the PersistenceManager would try to get an object from the local store. Otherwise get the data from the server. Also, persisting data to the ClientCache. The data would be available via a webservice. Im happy to give WCF Data Services a try.p  h2PersistenceLayersh2  pThere would be two parts  Local DB connection using an ORM like EF or OpenAccess or a simple keyvalue store  HTTP connection to consume the WebServicep  h1Questionsh1  ul liIn a layering like this, how about lazy loading referenced objects I know EF and other ORMs take care of a lot of the issues I have here, too. But I dont see yet how to plug these frameworks into the above layering. Also, where to track changes Where to secure consistency when deleting objects e.g. deleting references to these objects as wellli liI would eager load whole views hierarchical structures and perform Linq to objects to those collections of POCOs. Maybe implement a simple inverted index if Linq performance would become a matter. But how should I best implement global searches on the server Are there libraries Linq to OData availableli liWhat do you think about a fully diconnected scenario Holding all data a user needs in a local database. Sync on start  stop and user triggered. I could use an ORM directly on the local DB, with good chances to save a lot of headaches trying to implement a lot of consistency features by hand using the above layering.li liOr in contrast, forget about the local database and batch eager load most of the needed data. Here Im concerned about the performance of the webservices without having experience with OData, WCF. Ive build an app using Redis and Python that loads about 200000 business objects quite fast lt 1 min to the client the objects are already serialized cached in Redis.li ul  pIll certainly do some prototyping and benchmarking, but to get a good start, any thoughts and recommendations are highly appreciate.p  pCheers,p  pJanp
Negative 42922 pI created a very complex web app using HTML5, CSS3 and jQueryMobile.p  pIt seems like jQueryMobile turns on hardware acceleration here and there via codetranslate3Dcode andor codetranslateZcode.p  pNow I want to turn this off for certain HTML elements.p  pThis gives me two questionsp  ul liIs there a css propertyattribute or something that I can use to tell the browser to turn off hardware acceleration for certain elementsli liIf not I will have to find the places where either codetranslate3Dcode or codetranslateZcode is used and simply remove them, right How can I do that The whole markup is very complex with many HTML elements. I cant go through each element in the inspector and search for it.li ul  hr  pstrongUpdatestrong emThe reason why I want to fix thisemp  pIn my web app there are some elements which need to be swipeable e.g. an image gallery. In this case I need hardware acceleration. Same for div containers that require iScroll and every other element which should be animated e.g. slide and fadeanimations.p  pHowever, there are many parts of the app which are static not animated. Using a special startup option in Safari, I was able to make the parts which get hardwareaccelerated visible. This way I noticed that THE WHOLE app gets hardwareaccelerated, not only the necessary parts.p  pIMHO this is not a good thing becausep  ul liAccelerating the whole thing will cause heavy load to the GPU which makes the whole app stutter while scrolling.li liAFAIK its best practice to let the CPU do the static stuff while the GPU only handles all the fancy animated stuff.li liWhen animations have ended, hardware acceleration should be deactived because its not necessary anymore and would shorten battery lifetime.li ul
Negative 42922 pI am facing a problem where for a number of words, I make a call to a HashMultimap Guava to retrieve a set of integers. The resulting sets have, say, 10, 200 and 600 items respectively. I need to compute the intersection of these three or four, or five... sets, and I need to repeat this whole process many times I have many sets of words. However, what I am experiencing is that on average these set intersections take so long to compute from 0 to 300 ms that my program takes a very long time to complete if I look at hundreds of thousands of sets of words.p  pIs there any substantially quicker method to achieve this, especially given Im dealing with sortable integersp  pThanks a lotp
Negative 42922 pIve got a form like this simplified, but you get the ideap  precodelt formforbrand, html gt  class gt formhorizontal  do f gt   lt f.fieldsfor prices do price gt     lt price.collectionselectprice, templateid, Template.all, id, name gt   lt end gt   lt f.submit Save, class gt btn btnprimary gt lt end gt codepre  pWhich when rendered gives me this errorp  precodeundefined method all for ActionViewTemplateClass codepre  pon the codecollectionselectcode line. p  pcodeTemplate.allcode works from the controller and the console. If I write a codetemplates  Template.allcode and use codetemplatescode in the codecollectionselectcode line then I get this errorp  precodeundefined method merge for nameSymbol codepre  pAny thoughtsp
Negative 42922 pI want to have as a minimum the iOS6 in my app. I tried to create a tabbar application with the sample project provided by Mono. I tried to delete the ShouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientation method and replaced it byp  precodepublic override UIInterfaceOrientationMask GetSupportedInterfaceOrientations       return UIInterfaceOrientationMask.Landscape  codepre  pI did it for both ViewController, but the orientation is still Portrait. I also tried to override ShouldAutorotate and returned true, but did not help also. What do I have to do that my app is only in landscape mode availablep  pI also tried to set the deployment target to iOS6, but I can only switch up to 5.1 in the drop down list. p  pAny suggestionsp  pEDIT Something with my installation was totally wrong. Because I could not select ios6 as deployment target, nothing worked. After a new clean installation everything works.p
Negative 42922 pI want to replace value of variable array in index [0][2] that the name of coloumn title is 1y. Previous value is 0.0, I want to replace it with value of calculation result , but when I try to display it, its value is still 0.0, this my codep  precodetitleColoumn  new Object[]Time Second,Medicine, 1y,  x2, XY, Y, Error                                     0    1   2   3   4   5   6          allData  new Double[][]  1.0,1.02,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     2.0,0.667,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     3.0,0.367,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     4.0,0.278,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     5.0,0.237,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     6.0,0.187,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     7.0,0.155,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     8.0,0.156,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     9.0,0.142,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     10.0,0.111,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     11.0,0.12,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     12.0,0.097,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     14.0,0.089,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     15.0,0.079,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,                                     0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0,0.0      tableObservation  new DefaultTableModelallData, titleColoumn     table.setModeltableObservation      int row,coloumn     calculation 1y     row  0     coloumn  1     int inputRow  0     int inputColoumn  2     double onePerY     forint a0altallData.lengtha         onePerY  1allData[row][coloumn]         replace value         allData [inputRow][inputColoumn]  onePerY         inputRow         row         System.out.printlnonePerY          codepre  pWhat should I do, to be able to replace it  all the assistance that you gave, I would appreciate it, thank youp
Negative 42922 pI am working on a web application where I need to add and remove variables from the URL. I have done on click adding variables to the URL but I it adds duplicates variable.p  precodehrefhttplocalhostltphp echo SERVER[REQUESTURI]gtbudget1lakh3lakh codepre  pFirst Click on linkp  precodehttplocalhostautosearch.phpbudget12L codepre  pSecond Click on same linkp  precodehttplocalhostautosearch.phpbudget12Lampbudget12L codepre  pI want to remove variable  from the URL if it is already exist else add variable on a link click. I already tried lots of method but I am not getting the result. With jQuery I tried codereplace, indexOfcode.p
Negative 42922 pI have a GoDaddy Linux hosting , any idea how do I run a websocket server for my HTML5 web app  Any other recommendation p  pI know VPS can do it, but it is costly , any PaaS solution p
Negative 42922 pHow do I prevent IntelliJ from including 3rdparty JARs inside my JAR p  pIts insanely annoying. Basically I want one of thesep  ul lito produce jar with my code strongonlystrong. 3rdparty jar will be referenced in manifest.li ul  pORp  ul lito produce jar with extracted classes of 3rdparty libraries.li ul  pThe only problem is that IntelliJ produces JAR with other jar files inside. They are useless because java doesnt see them anyway when I run my jar via codejava jar my.jarcode. I have to manually delete them and repack JARZIP file.p  pDependencies are not marked as Export in Settings.p  pI think jars end up in my jar because I added compile output in layout of my artifact. But Im not sure how I can make compile output without jars of dependencies.p  pI tried setting Scope of dependencies to Provided. It didnt help. They still get copied to output.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a custom element class that is a subclass of codeFrameworkElementcode.p  precodepublic class MyCustomElement  FrameworkElement      private VisualCollection children      public MyCustomElement              this.children  new VisualCollectionthis         this.children.AddMyDrawingRoutines           private DrawingVisual MyDrawingRoutines              ...           protected override int VisualChildrenCount              get  return children.Count            protected override Visual GetVisualChildint index              if index lt 0  index gt children.Count                      throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException                   return children[index]       codepre  pThe UI holds a canvas in which these custom drawing elements are added and hit testing is performed.p  precodepublic partial class MainWindow  Window          private MyCustomElement myCustomElement          public MainWindow                      InitializeComponent              myCustomElement  new MyCustomElement             myCanvas.Children.AddmyCustomElement                   private void myCanvasMouseLeftButtonUpobject sender, MouseButtonEventArgs e                      System.Windows.Point pt  e.GetPositionUIElementsender             VisualTreeHelper.HitTestthis, null, new HitTestResultCallbackleftClickCallback, new PointHitTestParameterspt                   public HitTestResultBehavior leftClickCallbackHitTestResult result                      if result.VisualHit.GetType  typeofDrawingVisual                              if DrawingVisualresult.VisualHit.Opacity  1.0                                      DrawingVisualresult.VisualHit.Opacity  0.4                                  else                                      DrawingVisualresult.VisualHit.Opacity  1.0                                            return HitTestResultBehavior.Stop                 codepre  pThis code works as expected, but I cannot find a way to determine which MyCustomElement the detected DrawingVisual belongs. Right now, the opacity adjustment is done only superficially correct I would like to change the opacity property on MyCustomElement, have the MyDrawingRoutines method apply it, and have only the finished DrawingVisual drawn on the Canvas.p
Negative 42922 pIs it possible and how to get latest 5 strongupdatedstrong posts from Facebook group wallp  pWhen i run a hrefhttpsgraph.facebook.comGROUPIDfeedaccesstokenMYTOKENamplimit5 relnofollowhttpsgraph.facebook.comGROUPIDfeedaccesstokenMYTOKENamplimit5a im receiving latest 5 strongpublishedstrong posts.p  pIn Facebook documentation Im unable to find if there is some URL parameter for getting latest updated posts..p
Negative 42922 pI read many posts on splitting strings in R. However, I am running into an error which I think is due to the way the variables were read into R i.e., space after the date in some cases because the ID is shorter. I am trying to split the character variable VESSELID into 2 new variables vesselID and DATE. Below is a subset of my dataset.p  precodegt dputdf structurelistSETID  c24153L, 24187L, 24215L, 31990L, 31990L,  31995L, 31995L, 31995L, 31996L, 31996L, 31996L, 31997L, 31997L,  32002L, 32002L, 32002L, 32002L, 32003L, 32003L, 32003L, VESSELID  c6830 20020813  ,  6830 20020812  , 6830 20020815  , 105372 20020823,  105372 20020823, 104234 20020720, 104234 20020720,  104234 20020720, 104234 20020721, 104234 20020721,  104234 20020721, 104234 20020722, 104234 20020722,  5744 20020814  , 5744 20020814  , 5744 20020814  ,  5744 20020814  , 5744 20020813  , 5744 20020813  ,  5744 20020813  , .Names  cSETID, VESSELID, row.names  c1L,  2L, 3L, 10L, 11L, 12L, 13L, 14L, 15L, 16L, 17L, 18L, 19L, 20L,  21L, 22L, 23L, 24L, 25L, 26L, class  data.frame codepre  pI did try the followingp  precodelibraryreshape2 test lt data.framedf, colsplitdfVESSELID, split  ,namescvesselID,DATE codepre  pHowever, I get this error messagep  precodeError in colsplitlog21VESSELID, split   , names  cvesselID, DATE         unused arguments split    codepre  pThe codesplitcode command doesnt seem to be able to work properly. I dont know how to fix my character string.p
Negative 42922 pHeres what Im trying to achieve  I have seven list items within a sortable list codesortable2code that Im dragging and dropping into an empty sortable list codesortable1code. p  pI would like to count the number of elements that are in the new sortable list codesortable1code and display an alert telling the user the current number of items. I would like this to work as an item is removed, too.p  pHeres my HTMLp  precode    ltul idsortable2 classdropfalsegt        ltli id1gtSection 1ltligt        ltli id2gtSection 2ltligt        ltli id3gtSection 3ltligt        ltli id4gtSection 4ltligt        ltli id5gtSection 5ltligt        ltli id6gtSection 6ltligt        ltli id7gtSection 7ltligt     ltulgt      ltul idsortable1 classdroptruegt  ltulgt codepre  pAnd jQueryp  precode    sortable1 li.eachfunction          var elem  this           I have just added one example here if two added for brevity          if elem.childrenli.length  2              alertThere are two elements           codepre
Negative 42922 pive got service which is started by AlarmManager likes thisp  precodeIntent in  new IntentSecondActivity.this,BotService.class                     PendingIntent pi  PendingIntent.getServiceSecondActivity.this, 9768, in,PendingIntent.FLAGUPDATECURRENT                      AlarmManager alarms  AlarmManager SecondActivity.this.getSystemServiceContext.ALARMSERVICE                     alarms.setAlarmManager.RTCWAKEUP, cal.getTimeInMillis,pi codepre  pWhen service is started it sets AlarmManager again, i do this because i need recurring service in random intervals.p  pThat is done by thisp  precodeIntent in  new IntentBotService.this, BotService.class             PendingIntent pi  PendingIntent.getServiceBotService.this, 9768,                     in, PendingIntent.FLAGUPDATECURRENT              AlarmManager alarms  AlarmManager BotService.this.getSystemServiceContext.ALARMSERVICE             alarms.setAlarmManager.RTCWAKEUP, cal.getTimeInMillis attackinterval  MINS  attackintervalmin, pi codepre  pMy service could last for random period of time, how to start service by AlarmManager if service is not running p  pAnd if it is running i need to set AlarmManager again because in other way my service wouldnt start again. Thank you for your answers. If anything unclear please ask.  p
Negative 42922 pGetting Error while building OOzie 3.2 package downloaded for oozie.apache.org. Never worked much with Maven Earlier.p  pMaven Version Installed  3.0.3 Hadoop Version  1.0.1p  pI am trying to build the Package by command p  precodeOOZIEHOMEbinmkdistro.sh DskipTests codepre  pIt is not getting successful .. Detailed Error which i am getting p  precode [WARNING] Could not transfer metadata com.atlassian.maven.pluginsmavenclover2pluginmavenmetadata.xml fromto repository.cloudera.com httpsrepository.cloudera.comartifactoryextreleaselocal repository.cloudera.com org.sonatype.aether.transfer.MetadataTransferException Could not transfer metadata com.atlassian.maven.pluginsmavenclover2pluginmavenmetadata.xml fromto repository.cloudera.com httpsrepository.cloudera.comartifactoryextreleaselocal repository.cloudera.com     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnector3.wrapWagonRepositoryConnector.java930     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnector3.wrapWagonRepositoryConnector.java918     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnectorGetTask.runWagonRepositoryConnector.java669     at org.sonatype.aether.util.concurrency.RunnableErrorForwarder1.runRunnableErrorForwarder.java60     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java679 Caused by org.apache.maven.wagon.TransferFailedException repository.cloudera.com     at org.apache.maven.wagon.shared.http.AbstractHttpClientWagon.fillInputDataAbstractHttpClientWagon.java567     at org.apache.maven.wagon.StreamWagon.getInputStreamStreamWagon.java116     at org.apache.maven.wagon.StreamWagon.getIfNewerStreamWagon.java88     at org.apache.maven.wagon.StreamWagon.getStreamWagon.java61     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnectorGetTask.runWagonRepositoryConnector.java601     ... 4 more Caused by java.net.UnknownHostException repository.cloudera.com     at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectAbstractPlainSocketImpl.java175     at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connectSocksSocketImpl.java384     at java.net.Socket.connectSocket.java546     at sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.connectSSLSocketImpl.java584     at sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketImpl.ltinitgtSSLSocketImpl.java426     at sun.security.ssl.SSLSocketFactoryImpl.createSocketSSLSocketFactoryImpl.java142     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.protocol.SSLProtocolSocketFactory.createSocketSSLProtocolSocketFactory.java82     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.protocol.SSLProtocolSocketFactory.createSocketSSLProtocolSocketFactory.java127     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpConnection.openHttpConnection.java707     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.MultiThreadedHttpConnectionManagerHttpConnectionAdapter.openMultiThreadedHttpConnectionManager.java1361     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodDirector.executeWithRetryHttpMethodDirector.java387     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodDirector.executeMethodHttpMethodDirector.java171     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpClient.executeMethodHttpClient.java397     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpClient.executeMethodHttpClient.java323     at org.apache.maven.wagon.shared.http.AbstractHttpClientWagon.executeAbstractHttpClientWagon.java446     at org.apache.maven.wagon.shared.http.AbstractHttpClientWagon.fillInputDataAbstractHttpClientWagon.java561     ... 8 more [WARNING] Could not transfer metadata com.atlassian.maven.pluginsmavenclover2pluginmavenmetadata.xml fromto central httprepo.maven.apache.orgmaven2 repo.maven.apache.org org.sonatype.aether.transfer.MetadataTransferException Could not transfer metadata com.atlassian.maven.pluginsmavenclover2pluginmavenmetadata.xml fromto central httprepo.maven.apache.orgmaven2 repo.maven.apache.org     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnector3.wrapWagonRepositoryConnector.java930     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnector3.wrapWagonRepositoryConnector.java918     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnectorGetTask.runWagonRepositoryConnector.java669     at org.sonatype.aether.util.concurrency.RunnableErrorForwarder1.runRunnableErrorForwarder.java60     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java679 Caused by org.apache.maven.wagon.TransferFailedException repo.maven.apache.org     at org.apache.maven.wagon.shared.http.AbstractHttpClientWagon.fillInputDataAbstractHttpClientWagon.java567     at org.apache.maven.wagon.StreamWagon.getInputStreamStreamWagon.java116     at org.apache.maven.wagon.StreamWagon.getIfNewerStreamWagon.java88     at org.apache.maven.wagon.StreamWagon.getStreamWagon.java61     at org.sonatype.aether.connector.wagon.WagonRepositoryConnectorGetTask.runWagonRepositoryConnector.java601     ... 4 more Caused by java.net.UnknownHostException repo.maven.apache.org     at java.net.AbstractPlainSocketImpl.connectAbstractPlainSocketImpl.java175     at java.net.SocksSocketImpl.connectSocksSocketImpl.java384     at java.net.Socket.connectSocket.java546     at java.net.Socket.connectSocket.java495     at java.net.Socket.ltinitgtSocket.java392     at java.net.Socket.ltinitgtSocket.java266     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.protocol.DefaultProtocolSocketFactory.createSocketDefaultProtocolSocketFactory.java80     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.protocol.DefaultProtocolSocketFactory.createSocketDefaultProtocolSocketFactory.java122     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpConnection.openHttpConnection.java707     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.MultiThreadedHttpConnectionManagerHttpConnectionAdapter.openMultiThreadedHttpConnectionManager.java1361     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodDirector.executeWithRetryHttpMethodDirector.java387     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpMethodDirector.executeMethodHttpMethodDirector.java171     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpClient.executeMethodHttpClient.java397     at org.apache.commons.httpclient.HttpClient.executeMethodHttpClient.java323     at org.apache.maven.wagon.shared.http.AbstractHttpClientWagon.executeAbstractHttpClientWagon.java446     at org.apache.maven.wagon.shared.http.AbstractHttpClientWagon.fillInputDataAbstractHttpClientWagon.java561     ... 8 more   [INFO]   [INFO] Reactor Summary  [INFO]  [INFO] Apache Oozie Main ................................. SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Client ............................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 1.0.1 ......................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 1.0.1 Test .................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 0.23.1 ........................ SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 0.23.1 Test ................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 0.23.2SNAPSHOT ............... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 0.23.2SNAPSHOT Test .......... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 0.24.0SNAPSHOT ............... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop 0.24.0SNAPSHOT Test .......... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Hadoop Libs .......................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Share Lib Pig ........................ SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Share Lib Streaming .................. SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Share Lib Hive ....................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Share Lib Sqoop ...................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Share Lib Oozie ...................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Core ................................. SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Docs ................................. SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie WebApp ............................... SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Examples ............................. SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Share Lib ............................ SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Tools ................................ SKIPPED  [INFO] Apache Oozie Distro ............................... SKIPPED  [INFO]   [INFO] BUILD FAILURE  [INFO]   [INFO] Total time 2.178s  [INFO] Finished at Mon Feb 04 172853 IST 2013  [INFO] Final Memory 7M78M  [INFO]   [ERROR] Error resolving version for plugin com.atlassian.maven.pluginsmavenclover2plugin from the repositories [local homehadoop.m2repository, internal.maven.repo filetmpinternalmavenrepo, repository.cloudera.com httpsrepository.cloudera.comartifactoryextreleaselocal, central httprepo.maven.apache.orgmaven2] Plugin not found in any plugin repository gt [Help 1]  org.apache.maven.plugin.version.PluginVersionResolutionException Error resolving version for plugin com.atlassian.maven.pluginsmavenclover2plugin from the repositories [local homehadoop.m2repository, internal.maven.repo filetmpinternalmavenrepo, repository.cloudera.com httpsrepository.cloudera.comartifactoryextreleaselocal, central httprepo.maven.apache.orgmaven2] Plugin not found in any plugin repository          at org.apache.maven.plugin.version.internal.DefaultPluginVersionResolver.selectVersionDefaultPluginVersionResolver.java237          at org.apache.maven.plugin.version.internal.DefaultPluginVersionResolver.resolveFromRepositoryDefaultPluginVersionResolver.java149          at org.apache.maven.plugin.version.internal.DefaultPluginVersionResolver.resolveDefaultPluginVersionResolver.java97          at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecyclePluginResolver.resolveMissingPluginVersionsLifecyclePluginResolver.java72          at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.DefaultLifecycleTaskSegmentCalculator.calculateTaskSegmentsDefaultLifecycleTaskSegmentCalculator.java104          at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.DefaultLifecycleTaskSegmentCalculator.calculateTaskSegmentsDefaultLifecycleTaskSegmentCalculator.java86          at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.internal.LifecycleStarter.executeLifecycleStarter.java98          at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecuteDefaultMaven.java320          at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.executeDefaultMaven.java156          at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.executeMavenCli.java537          at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.doMainMavenCli.java196          at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.mainMavenCli.java141          at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method          at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57          at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43          at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java616          at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchEnhancedLauncher.java290          at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.launchLauncher.java230          at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainWithExitCodeLauncher.java409          at org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.launcher.Launcher.mainLauncher.java352  [ERROR]  [ERROR]  [ERROR] For more information about the errors and possible solutions, please read the following articles  [ERROR] [Help 1] httpcwiki.apache.orgconfluencedisplayMAVENPluginVersionResolutionException   ERROR, Oozie distro creation failed codepre  pNeed help here.p
Negative 42922 pwhen we reduce the browser size to iphone screen a menu button appears..... when we click the button the overlay appears.......... but the overlay appears when we increase the browser size.... how to hide the over lay.... rajdq0383gmail.comp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netQYvrt17 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netQYvrt17a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netQYvrt17embeddedresult relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netQYvrt17embeddedresultap  precodemedia maxwidth 767px   rightSlider     border 1px solid red   rightSlider             displaynone important            rightSlider              displayinherit important               slidenav             displaynone important            slidenav              displayinherit important              codepre
Negative 42922 pI try to use TabHost to make a tabview with two tabs in Android.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnsandroid1httpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidorientationvertical gt      ltTabHost         android1ididtabhost         android1layoutwidthmatchparent         android1layoutheightmatchparent gt          ltLinearLayout             android1layoutwidthmatchparent             android1layoutheightmatchparent             android1orientationvertical gt              ltTabWidget                 android1idandroididtabs                 android1layoutwidthmatchparent                 android1layoutheightwrapcontent                 android1gravitybottom gt             ltTabWidgetgt              ltFrameLayout                 android1idandroididtabcontent                 android1layoutwidthmatchparent                 android1layoutheightwrapcontent gt                  ltLinearLayout                     android1ididprivacytab                     android1layoutwidthmatchparent                     android1layoutheightmatchparent gt                      ltWebView                         android1ididprivacywebview                         android1layoutwidthmatchparent                         android1layoutheightmatchparent gt                 ltLinearLayoutgt                  ltLinearLayout                     android1ididabouttab                     android1layoutwidthmatchparent                     android1layoutheightmatchparent gt                      ltWebView                         android1ididaboutwebview                         android1layoutwidthmatchparent                         android1layoutheightmatchparent gt                 ltLinearLayoutgt             ltFrameLayoutgt         ltLinearLayoutgt     ltTabHostgt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pAs you can see above, it is the xml which contains a tabhost. However, I want to make the tabs at the bottom of the layout.  How can I do thatp
Negative 42922 pIn a Django project, I have a hierarchical model using MPTT defined like this in models.pyp  precodeclass StructureMPTTModel     name  models.CharFieldmaxlength200, uniqueTrue     parent  TreeForeignKeyself, nullTrue, blankTrue, relatednamechildren     [...] codepre  pIm using FeinCMS to show this hierarchical data in admin pages. I do it like this in admin.pyp  precodeclass StructureAdmintreeeditor.TreeEditor     searchfields  name,  [...]  admin.site.registerStructure, StructureAdmin codepre  pIn the admin model page, it works perfectly and the hierarchy can be seen img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCha0B.png altenter image description herep  pIt also works when editing or addingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWgNKQ.png altenter image description herep  pI have another model in models.pyp  precodeclass Trackmodels.Model     initialStructure  models.ForeignKeyStructure , relatednametrackinitialStructure     finalStructure  models.ForeignKeyStructure, relatednametrackfinalStructure     [...] codepre  pHowever, when adding a new element of this kind, the hierarchy can not be seenp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.commpWYW.png altenter image description herep  pIve tried to use treeeditor.TreeEditor for the admin view of Track but it gives a lot of errors because Track is not hierarchical, but some of its ForeignKeys are. How could I show the hierarchy when editing an element of model Trackp  pThank you very much.p
Negative 42922 pHere is my Spring Security configurationp  pemweb.xmlemp  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltwebapp xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee                httpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp25.xsd     version2.5 xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeegt      ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegt             classpathapplicationContextsecurity.xml         ltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltcontextparamgt         ltparamnamegtwebAppRootKeyltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegttutorial.rootltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltfiltergt         ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt         ltfilterclassgtorg.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxyltfilterclassgt     ltfiltergt      ltfiltermappinggt         ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt         lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltfiltermappinggt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.security.web.session.HttpSessionEventPublisherltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt      ltservletgt         ltservletnamegtgreetServletltservletnamegt         ltservletclassgtru.andrew.springsecuregwt.server.GreetingServiceImplltservletclassgt     ltservletgt      ltservletmappinggt         ltservletnamegtgreetServletltservletnamegt         lturlpatterngtspringsecuregwtgreetlturlpatterngt     ltservletmappinggt      ltwelcomefilelistgt         ltwelcomefilegtSpringsecuregwt.htmlltwelcomefilegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt ltwebappgt codepre  pemapplicationContextsecurity.xmlemp  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt  ltbeansbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurity     xmlnsbeanshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.0.xsd                         httpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurity httpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurityspringsecurity3.1.xsdgt      ltdebug gt      ltglobalmethodsecurity prepostannotationsenabled gt      lthttp patternstatic securitynonegt     lthttp patternloggedout.jsp securitynonegt      lthttp useexpressionstruegt         ltintercepturl pattern accessisAuthenticated gt         ltintercepturl patternsecureextreme accesshasRolesupervisorgt         ltintercepturl patternsecure accessisAuthenticated gt         ltintercepturl pattern accessisAuthenticated gt         ltformlogin gt         ltlogout logoutsuccessurlloggedout.jsp deletecookiesJSESSIONIDgt         ltrememberme gt     lthttpgt      ltbeansbean idencoder classorg.springframework.security.crypto.password.StandardPasswordEncodergt      ltauthenticationmanagergt         ltauthenticationprovidergt             ltpasswordencoder refencodergt             ltuserservicegt                 ltuser namerod password4efe081594ce25ee4efd9f7067f7f678a347bccf2de201f3adf2a3eb544850b465b4e51cdc3fcdde authoritiessupervisor, user, teller gt                 ltuser namedianne password957ea522524a41cbfb649a3e293d56268f840fd5b661b499b07858bc020d6d223f912e3ab303b00f authoritiesuser,teller gt                 ltuser namescott passwordfb1f9e48058d30dc21c35ab4cf895e2a80f2f03fac549b51be637196dfb6b2b7276a89c65e38b7a1 authoritiesuser gt                 ltuser namepeter passworde175750688deee19d7179d444bfaf92129f4eea8b4503d83eb8f92a7dd9cda5fbae73638c913e420 authoritiesuser gt             ltuserservicegt         ltauthenticationprovidergt     ltauthenticationmanagergt  ltbeansbeansgt codepre  pWhen I click on the logout link, Im successfully landing at the logout page, but if I enterp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodelocalhost8080projectname  codepre  pin the new Chrome tab, I can gain access to the app, without any authentication page.p  pWhat do I do wrong and how can I fix such security issuep
Negative 42922 pI created a new module for listing customers in magento backend.p  pEverything will be fine, but here have some issues.p  pI created some additional fields to customer registratios.This fields value not displaying in gird now.p  pThis is my codegrid.phpcode codep  precodeltphp class PfayTestBlockAdminhtmlTestGrid extends MageAdminhtmlBlockWidgetGrid     public function construct            parentconstruct        thisgtsetIdcustomerGrid        thisgtsetDefaultSortentityid        thisgtsetDefaultDirDESC        thisgtsetSaveParametersInSessiontrue        protected function prepareCollection             collection  MagegetResourceModelcustomercustomercollection             gtaddNameToSelect             gtaddAttributeToSelectemail             gtaddAttributeToSelectusertype             gtaddAttributeToSelectcreatedat             gtaddAttributeToSelectgroupid             gtjoinAttributebillingpostcode, customeraddresspostcode, defaultbilling, null, left             gtjoinAttributebillingcity, customeraddresscity, defaultbilling, null, left             gtjoinAttributebillingtelephone, customeraddresstelephone, defaultbilling, null, left             gtjoinAttributebillingregion, customeraddressregion, defaultbilling, null, left             gtjoinAttributebillingcountryid, customeraddresscountryid, defaultbilling, null, left          thisgtsetCollectioncollection          return parentprepareCollection         protected function prepareColumns             thisgtaddColumnentityid, array             header    gt MagehelpercustomergtID,             width     gt 50px,             index     gt entityid,             type  gt number,                  thisgtaddColumnfirstname, array             header    gt MagehelpercustomergtFirst Name,             index     gt firstname                  thisgtaddColumnlastname, array             header    gt MagehelpercustomergtLast Name,             index     gt lastname                  thisgtaddColumnemail, array             header    gt MagehelpercustomergtEmail,             width     gt 150,             index     gt email                  thisgtaddColumnusertype, array             header    gt MagehelpercustomergtUser Type,             width     gt 150,             index     gt usertype                  thisgtaddColumnaction,             array                 header    gt  MagehelpercustomergtAction,                 width     gt 100,                 type      gt action,                 getter    gt getId,                 actions   gt array                     array                         caption   gt MagehelpercustomergtEdit,                         url       gt arraybasegt edit,                         field     gt id                                      ,                 filter    gt false,                 sortable  gt false,                 index     gt stores,                 issystem gt true,                   thisgtaddExportTypeexportCsv, MagehelpercustomergtCSV         thisgtaddExportTypeexportXml, MagehelpercustomergtExcel XML         return parentprepareColumns          public function getRowUrlrow               return thisgtgetUrledit, arrayid gt rowgtgetId       codepre  pThe firstname,lastname,email displayed correctly but the column for usertype not displaying nay value.p  pHow can i do thisp  pIs it possible to solve this issuep
Negative 42922 pHi guys i have been trying to launch the application from a link on email or from a posting on  some social networking websites. I know this question has already been raised by some friends but still the problem that i face is that in some device or some gmail application on the android dont show the anchor tags or link that i have specified. p  pThe intentfilter that i set to my activity is belowp  precode ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.VIEW gt  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.BROWSABLE gt  ltdata androidschememyappname gt codepre  pAnd i am sending the email with this anchor tagp  precodemyappnameprocesstobedoneid1 codepre  pIt works fine with the email application that i have on Huewai device but in devices default gmail application it is not showing it has an link and in some devices by default it appends https as suffix for the tag and launches the browser.p  pHope you could understand my problem and hoping for the better response.p  pThank in Advance.p
Negative 42922 pI have a Wordpress shop setup and there is a hook that is called to display product options selected by customer.p  pThe hook isp  precodewpscaftercartwidgetitemname ltphp echo wpsccartitemname gtltagt  ltspan stylefontsize 10px lineheight 0.06emgt  ltphp doaction  wpscaftercartwidgetitemname  gtlttdgt  lttdgtltphp echo wpsccartitemquantity gtlttdgt lttdgtltphp echo wpsccartitemprice gtlttdgt lttd classcartwidgetremovegtltform action methodpost classadjustformgt     ltinput typehidden namequantity value0 gt     ltinput typehidden namekey             valueltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gt gt     ltinput typehidden namewpscupdatequantity valuetrue gt     ltinput classremovebutton typesubmit gt codepre  pI cannot figure out why it displays twice in the cart widget. I have thoroughly websearched for filter hooks, troubleshooting, and even an ugly way of removing the duplicate text with jQuery, but found nothing.p  pAny help would be appreciated. My site is a hrefhttpwww.a1decals.comproductspage relnofollowhttpwww.a1decals.comproductspagea.p  pI cant post a pic yet but here is a link a hrefhttpi134.photobucket.comalbumsq87madstallion2006screen0013zpsa94e087b.jpg relnofollowhttpi134.photobucket.comalbumsq87madstallion2006screen0013zpsa94e087b.jpgap  hr  pUpdate here is the code for the shopping cart with your code inserted above and below the occurrences of the action hook you told me it relies on.p  pIm not sure if I put the code in the wrong place or what, I am going to continue to move it around to see, but Im still at a loss.p  pSorry to put up all the code but i didnt know what might be relevant.p  precodeltphp global wpsccart, wpdb, wpsccheckout, wpscgateway, wpsccoupons,     wpscregistrationerrormessages wpsccheckout  new wpsccheckout wpscgateway  new wpscgateways alt  0 couponnum  wpscgetcustomermeta coupon  if couponnum     wpsccoupons  new wpsccoupons couponnum   ifwpsccartitemcount lt 1     eOops, there is nothing in your cart., wpsc . lta href . escurl getoption productlisturl   . gt . Please visit our shop, wpsc . ltagt    return endif gt ltdiv idcheckoutpagecontainergtltbrgt lth3gtltphp e, wpsc gtlth3gtltspangt lttable classcheckoutcartgt    lttr class headergt  ltp stylefontfamily Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sansserif lineheight normal textalign centergtltspan styletextdecoration underline color f4f4f4gtltspan stylefontsize 18pxgtCart Records Product Options Like Color And Mirror Twice For Us  ltpgt  lttr stylebackgroundcolor 000078gt        ltth colspan2gtltphp eProduct, wpsc gtltthgt       ltthgtltphp eQuantity, wpsc gtltthgt       ltthgtltphp ePrice, wpsc gtltthgt       ltthgtltphp eTotal, wpsc gtltthgt         ltthgtampnbspltthgt    lttrgt    ltphp while wpschavecartitems  wpscthecartitem gt       ltphp        alt        if alt 2  1          altclass  alt        else          altclass          gt       ltphp  this displays the confirm your order html gt    ltphp  This is used to fix the hook being called twice incorrectly gt ltphp global receivedItemHooks gt ltphp if receivedItemHooks receivedItemHooks  array gt  ltphp if issetreceivedItemHooks[wpscthecartitemkey] gt          ltphp doaction  wpscbeforecheckoutcartrow  gt       lttr classproductrow productrowltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gt ltphp echo altclassgtgt           lttd classfirstcol wpscproductimage wpscproductimageltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gtgt          ltphp if  wpsccartitemimage gt             ltphp doaction  wpscbeforecheckoutcartitemimage  gt             ltimg srcltphp echo wpsccartitemimage gt altltphp echo wpsccartitemname gt titleltphp echo wpsccartitemname gt classproductimage gt             ltphp doaction  wpscaftercheckoutcartitemimage  gt          ltphp else           I dont think this gets used anymore,, but left in for backwards compatibility           gt             ltdiv classitemnoimagegt                 ltphp doaction  wpscbeforecheckoutcartitemimage  gt                lta hrefltphp echo escurl wpsctheproductpermalink  gtgt                ltspangtltphp eNo Image,wpsc gtltspangt                 ltagt                 ltphp doaction  wpscaftercheckoutcartitemimage  gt             ltdivgt          ltphp endif gt          lttdgt                 lttd classwpscproductname wpscproductnameltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gtgt             ltphp doaction  wpscbeforecheckoutcartitemname  gt             lta hrefltphp echo escurl wpsccartitemurl gtgt   ltspan stylefontsize 12pxgt ltphp echo wpsccartitemname gtltagt ltspan stylefontsize 12pxgt              ltphp doaction  wpscaftercheckoutcartitemname  gt          lttdgt           lttd classwpscproductquantity wpscproductquantityltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gtgt             ltform actionltphp echo escurl getoption shoppingcarturl   gt methodpost classadjustform qtygt                ltinput typetext namequantity size2 valueltphp echo wpsccartitemquantity gt gt                ltinput typehidden namekey valueltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gt gt                ltinput typehidden namewpscupdatequantity valuetrue gt                ltinput typesubmit valueltphp eUpdate, wpsc gt namesubmit gt             ltformgt          lttdgt               lttdgtltphp echo wpsccartsingleitemprice gtlttdgt          lttd classwpscproductprice wpscproductpriceltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gtgtltspan classpricedisplaygtltphp echo wpsccartitemprice gtltspangtlttdgt           lttd classwpscproductremove wpscproductremoveltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gtgt             ltform actionltphp echo escurl getoption shoppingcarturl   gt methodpost classadjustform removegt                ltinput typehidden namequantity value0 gt                ltinput typehidden namekey valueltphp echo wpscthecartitemkey gt gt                ltinput typehidden namewpscupdatequantity valuetrue gt                ltinput typesubmit valueltphp eRemove, wpsc gt namesubmit gt       ltphp  Mark the item as rendered gt     ltphp receivedItemHooks[wpscthecartitemkey]  true gt ltphp endif gt         ltformgt          lttdgt       lttrgt       ltphp doaction  wpscaftercheckoutcartrow  gt    ltphp endwhile gt    ltphp this HTML displays coupons if there are any active coupons to use gt     ltphp     ifwpscusescoupons gt        ltphp ifwpsccouponserror gt          lttr classwpsccouponrow wpsccouponerrorrowgtlttd colspan6gtltphp eCoupon is not valid., wpsc gtlttdgtlttrgt       ltphp endif gt       lttr classwpsccouponrowgt          lttd colspan2gtltphp eEnter coupon code , wpsc gtlttdgt          lttd  colspan4 classcouponcodegt             ltform  methodpost actionltphp echo escurl getoption shoppingcarturl   gtgt                ltinput typetext namecouponnum idcouponnum valueltphp echo wpsccartgtcouponsname gt gt                ltinput typesubmit valueltphp eUpdate, wpsc gt gt             ltformgt          lttdgt       lttrgt       lttr classwpsctotalbeforeshippinggt           lttd colspan3gtltphp eCost before shipping,wpsc gtlttdgt           lttd colspan3 classwpsctotalamountbeforeshippinggtltphp echo wpsccarttotalwidgetfalse,false,falsegtlttdgt       lttrgt    ltphp endif gt    lttablegt    lt cart contents table close gt   ltphp ifwpscusesshipping gt        ltp classwpsccostbeforegtltpgt    ltphp endif gt    ltphp  this HTML dispalys the calculate your order HTML   gt     ltphp ifwpschascategoryandcountryconflict gt       ltp classvalidationerrorgtltphp echo eschtml wpscgetcustomermeta categoryshippingconflict   gtltpgt    ltphp endif gt     ltphp ifissetSESSION[WpscGatewayErrorMessage] ampamp SESSION[WpscGatewayErrorMessage]   gt       ltp classvalidationerrorgtltphp echo SESSION[WpscGatewayErrorMessage] gtltpgt    ltphp    endif    gt     ltphp doactionwpscbeforeshippingofshoppingcart gt     ltdiv idwpscshoppingcartcontainergt    ltphp ifwpscusesshipping  gt       lth2gtltfont color1956cfgtltphp eCalculate Shipping Price, wpsc gtltfontgtlth2gt       lttable classproductcartgt          lttr classwpscshippinginfogt             lttd colspan5gt                ltphp ePlease specify shipping location below to calculate your shipping costs, wpsc gt             lttdgt          lttrgt           ltphp if wpschaveshippingquote   No valid shipping quotes gt             ltphp if wpschavevalidshippingzipcode  gt                   lttr classwpscupdatelocationgt                      lttd colspan5 classshippingerror gt                         ltphp ePlease provide a Zipcode and click Calculate in order to continue., wpsc gt                      lttdgt                   lttrgt             ltphp else gt                lttr classwpscupdatelocationerrorgt                   lttd colspan5 classshippingerror gt                      ltphp eSorry, online ordering is unavailable to this destination andor weight. Please double check your destination details., wpsc gt                   lttdgt                lttrgt             ltphp endif gt          ltphp endif gt          lttr classwpscchangecountrygt             lttd colspan5gt                ltform namechangecountry idchangecountry action methodpostgt                   ltphp echo wpscshippingcountrylistgt                   ltinput typehidden namewpscupdatelocation valuetrue gt                   ltinput typesubmit namewpscsubmitzipcode valueltphp escattre Calculate, wpsc  gt gt                ltformgt             lttdgt          lttrgt          ltphp if wpschavemorethanoneshippingquote gt             ltphp while wpschaveshippingmethods  wpsctheshippingmethod gt                   ltphp    if wpschaveshippingquotes  continue   Dont display shipping method if it doesnt have at least one quote gt                   lttr classwpscshippingheadergtlttd classshippingheader colspan5gtltphp echo wpscshippingmethodname.  Choose a Shipping Rate, wpsc gt lttdgtlttrgt                   ltphp while wpschaveshippingquotes  wpsctheshippingquote  gt                      lttr classltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gtgt                         lttd classwpscshippingquotename wpscshippingquotenameltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gt colspan3gt                            ltlabel forltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gtgtltphp echo wpscshippingquotename gtltlabelgt                         lttdgt                         lttd classwpscshippingquoteprice wpscshippingquotepriceltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gt styletextaligncentergt                            ltlabel forltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gtgtltphp echo wpscshippingquotevalue gtltlabelgt                         lttdgt                         lttd classwpscshippingquoteradio wpscshippingquoteradioltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gt styletextaligncentergt                            ltphp ifwpschavemorethanoneshippingmethodsandquotes gt                               ltinput typeradio idltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gt ltphp echo wpscshippingquoteselectedstate gt  onclickswitchmethodltphp echo wpscshippingquotename gt, ltphp echo wpscshippingmethodinternalname gt valueltphp echo wpscshippingquotevaluetrue gt nameshippingmethod gt                            ltphp else gt                               ltinput ltphp echo wpscshippingquoteselectedstate gt disableddisabled typeradio idltphp echo wpscshippingquotehtmlid gt  valueltphp echo wpscshippingquotevaluetrue gt nameshippingmethod gt                                  ltphp wpscupdateshippingsinglemethod gt                            ltphp endif gt                         lttdgt                      lttrgt                   ltphp endwhile gt             ltphp endwhile gt          ltphp endif gt           ltphp wpscupdateshippingmultiplemethods gt            ltphp if wpschaveshippingquote   No valid shipping quotes gt                lttablegt                ltdivgt             ltdivgt             ltphp return gt          ltphp endif gt       lttablegt    ltphp endif  gt     ltphp       wpectaxescontroller  new wpectaxescontroller       ifwpectaxescontrollergtwpectaxesisenabled    gt       lttable classproductcartgt          lttr classtotalprice totaltaxgt             lttd colspan3gt                ltphp echo wpscdisplaytaxlabeltrue gt             lttdgt             lttd colspan2gt                ltspan idcheckouttax classpricedisplay checkouttaxgtltphp echo wpsccarttax gtltspangt             lttdgt          lttrgt       lttablegt               ltphp endif gt    ltphp doactionwpscbeforeformofshoppingcart gt      ltphp if  empty wpscregistrationerrormessages   gt         ltp classvalidationerrorgt         ltphp         foreach wpscregistrationerrormessages as usererror           echo usererror.ltbr gtn         gt     ltphp endif gt      ltphp if  wpscshowuserloginform ampamp isuserloggedin  gt             ltpgtltphp eYou must sign in or register with us to continue with your purchase, wpscgtltpgt  ltSOCIAL MEDIA CONNECT BUTTONSgt ltdivgt ltbrgtMake It Easy With Facebook and Twitter Connect. ltbrgt lta hrefhttpa1decals.comwplogin.phploginFacebook1ampredirecthttpa1decals.com onclickwindow.location  httpa1decals.comwplogin.phploginFacebook1ampredirectwindow.location.href return falsegt ltimg srchttpa1decals.comwpcontentuploads201302facebookconnect1.png gt ltagt lta hrefhttpa1decals.comwplogin.phploginTwitter1ampredirecthttpa1decals.com onclickwindow.location  httpa1decals.comwplogin.phploginTwitter1ampredirectwindow.location.href return falsegt ltimg srchttpa1decals.comwpcontentuploads201302twitterconnectbutton.gif gt ltagtltdivgt                ltdiv classwpscregistrationformgt                  ltfieldset classwpscregistrationformgt                     lth2gtltphp e Sign in, wpsc  gtlth2gt                     ltphp                     args  array                         remember gt false,                         redirect gt homeurl SERVER[REQUESTURI]                                           wploginform args                      gt                     ltdiv classwpscsignuptextgtltphp eIf you have bought from us before please sign in here to purchase, wpscgtltdivgt                 ltfieldsetgt             ltdivgt     ltphp endif gt    lttable classwpsccheckouttable wpsccheckouttabletotalsgt       ltphp ifwpscusesshipping  gt           lttr classtotalprice totalshippinggt              lttd classwpsctotalsgt                 ltphp eTotal Shipping, wpsc gt              lttdgt              lttd classwpsctotalsgt                 ltspan idcheckoutshipping classpricedisplay checkoutshippinggtltphp echo wpsccartshipping gtltspangt              lttdgt           lttrgt       ltphp endif gt       ltphp ifwpscusescoupons ampamp wpsccouponamountfalse gt 0 gt       lttr classtotalpricegt          lttd classwpsctotalsgt             ltphp eDiscount, wpsc gt          lttdgt          lttd classwpsctotalsgt             ltspan idcouponsamount classpricedisplaygtltphp echo wpsccouponamount gtltspangt           lttdgt          lttrgt      ltphp endif gt       lttr classtotalpricegt       lttd classwpsctotalsgt       ltphp eTotal Price, wpsc gt       lttdgt       lttd classwpsctotalsgt          ltspan idcheckouttotal classpricedisplay checkouttotalgtltphp echo wpsccarttotal gtltspangt       lttdgt    lttrgt    lttablegt                    ltform classwpsccheckoutforms actionltphp echo escurl getoption shoppingcarturl   gt methodpost enctypemultipartformdatagt       ltphp                Both the registration forms and the checkout details forms must be in the same form element as they are submitted together, you cannot have two form elements submit together without the use of JavaScript.              gt      ltphp ifwpscshowuserloginform           global currentuser           getcurrentuserinfo   gt          ltdiv classwpscregistrationformgt              ltfieldset classwpscregistrationform wpscrightregistrationgt                 lth2gtltphp eJoin up now, wpscgtlth2gt                  ltlabelgtltphp eUsername, wpsc gtltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext namelog idlog value size20gtltbrgt                  ltlabelgtltphp ePassword, wpsc gtltlabelgt                 ltinput typepassword namepwd idpwd value size20 gtltbr gt                  ltlabelgtltphp eEmail, wpsc gtltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext nameuseremail iduseremail value size20 gtltbr gt                 ltdiv classwpscsignuptextgtltphp eSigning up is free and easy please fill out your details your registration will happen automatically as you checkout. Dont forget to use your details to login with next time, wpscgtltdivgt             ltfieldsetgt          ltdivgt         ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt    ltphp endif  closes user login form       miscerrormessages  wpscgetcustomermeta checkoutmiscerrormessages        if  empty miscerrormessages   gt          ltdiv classloginerrorgt             ltphp foreach miscerrormessages as usererror gt                ltp classvalidationerrorgtltphp echo usererror gtltpgt                ltphp  gt          ltdivgt        ltphp       endif       gt ltphp obstart gt    lttable classwpsccheckouttable table1gt       ltphp i  0       while wpschavecheckoutitems  wpscthecheckoutitem gt          ltphp ifwpsccheckoutformisheader  true                i                display headers for form fields gt                ltphp ifi gt 1gt                   lttablegt                   lttable classwpsccheckouttable tableltphp echo i gtgt                ltphp endif gt                 lttr ltphp echo wpscthecheckoutitemerrorclassgtgt                   lttd ltphp wpscthecheckoutdetailsclass gt colspan2gt                      lth4gtltfont color1956cfgtltphp echo wpsccheckoutformnamegtlth4gt                   lttdgt                lttrgt                ltphp ifwpscisshippingdetailsgt                lttr classsameasshippingrowgt                   lttd colspan 2gt                   ltphp checked                     shippingsameasbilling  wpscgetcustomermeta shippingsameasbilling                    ifissetPOST[shippingSameBilling] ampamp POST[shippingSameBilling]                      shippingsameasbilling  true                   elseifissetPOST[submit] ampamp issetPOST[shippingSameBilling]                     shippingsameasbilling  false                   wpscupdatecustomermeta shippingsameasbilling, shippingsameasbilling                      if shippingsameasbilling                          checked  checkedchecked                    gt                     ltlabel forshippingSameBillinggtltphp eSame as billing address,wpsc gtltlabelgt                     ltinput typecheckbox valuetrue nameshippingSameBilling idshippingSameBilling ltphp echo checked gt gt                     ltbrgtltspan idshippingsameasbillingmessagegtltphp eYour order will be shipped to the billing address, wpsc gtltspangt                   lttdgt                lttrgt                ltphp endif               Not a header so start display form fields             elseifwpscdisregardshippingstatefields             gt                lttr classwpschiddengt                   lttd classltphp echo wpsccheckoutformelementid gtgt                      ltlabel forltphp echo wpsccheckoutformelementid gtgt                      ltphp echo wpsccheckoutformnamegt                      ltlabelgt                   lttdgt                   lttdgt                      ltphp echo wpsccheckoutformfieldgt                       ltphp ifwpscthecheckoutitemerror   gt                              ltp classvalidationerrorgtltphp echo wpscthecheckoutitemerror gtltpgt                      ltphp endif gt                   lttdgt                lttrgt             ltphp             elseifwpscdisregardbillingstatefields             gt                lttr classwpschiddengt                   lttd classltphp echo wpsccheckoutformelementid gtgt                      ltlabel forltphp echo wpsccheckoutformelementid gtgt                      ltphp echo wpsccheckoutformnamegt                      ltlabelgt                   lttdgt                   lttdgt                      ltphp echo wpsccheckoutformfieldgt                       ltphp ifwpscthecheckoutitemerror   gt                              ltp classvalidationerrorgtltphp echo wpscthecheckoutitemerror gtltpgt                      ltphp endif gt                   lttdgt                lttrgt             ltphp             elseif wpsccheckoutgtcheckoutitemgtuniquename  billingemail gt                ltphp emailmarkup                 ltdiv classwpscemailaddressgt                   ltp class . wpsccheckoutformelementid . gt                      ltlabel classwpscemailaddress for . wpsccheckoutformelementid . gt                       . Enter your email address, wpsc .                       ltlabelgt                   ltp classwpscemailaddresspgt                   ltimg srchttpssecure.gravatar.comavataremptys60ampampdmm idwpsccheckoutgravatar gt                    . wpsccheckoutformfield                     ifwpscthecheckoutitemerror                         emailmarkup . ltp classvalidationerrorgt . wpscthecheckoutitemerror . ltpgt                emailmarkup . ltdivgt              else gt             lttrgt                lttd classltphp echo wpsccheckoutformelementid gtgt                   ltlabel forltphp echo wpsccheckoutformelementid gtgt                   ltphp echo wpsccheckoutformnamegt                   ltlabelgt                lttdgt                lttdgt                   ltphp echo wpsccheckoutformfieldgt                    ltphp ifwpscthecheckoutitemerror   gt                           ltp classvalidationerrorgtltphp echo wpscthecheckoutitemerror gtltpgt                   ltphp endif gt                lttdgt             lttrgt           ltphp endif gt        ltphp endwhile gt  ltphp     buffercontents  obgetcontents     obendclean     ifissetemailmarkup         echo emailmarkup     echo buffercontents gt        ltphp if wpscshowfindus  gt       lttrgt          lttdgtltlabel forhowfindusgtltphp eHow did you find us , wpsc gtltlabelgtlttdgt          lttdgt             ltselect namehowfindusgt                ltoption valueWord of Mouthgtltphp eWord of mouth , wpsc gtltoptiongt                ltoption valueAdvertisementgtltphp eAdvertising , wpsc gtltoptiongt                ltoption valueInternetgtltphp eInternet , wpsc gtltoptiongt                ltoption valueCustomergtltphp eExisting Customer , wpsc gtltoptiongt             ltselectgt          lttdgt       lttrgt       ltphp endif gt       ltphp doactionwpscinsideshoppingcart gt        ltphp  this HTML displays activated payment gateways   gt       ltphp ifwpscgatewaycount gt 1  if we have more than one gateway enabled, offer the user a choice gt          lttrgt          lttd colspan2 classwpscgatewaycontainergt             lth3gtltfont color1956cfgtltphp ePayment Type, wpscgtltfontgtlth3gt             ltphp while wpschavegateways  wpscthegateway gt                ltdiv classcustomgatewaygt                      ltlabelgtltinput typeradio valueltphp echo wpscgatewayinternalnamegt ltphp echo wpscgatewayischecked gt namecustomgateway classcustomgatewaygtltphp echo wpscgatewayname gt                         ltphp if wpscshowgatewayimage  gt                         ltimg srcltphp echo wpscgatewayimageurl gt altltphp echo wpscgatewayname gt stylepositionrelative top5px gt                         ltphp endif gt                      ltlabelgt codepre
Negative 42922 pAfter upgrade our IBM System i aka i5OS or AS400 from V5R4 to V7R1, one of our applications that connect to DB2 using ODBC fails with the following errorp  precodeError Code 69899 SQLSTATE S1000 [IBM] [System i Access ODBC Driver] [DB2 for i5OS] PWS0005  Error occurred in the database host server code. codepre  pThe symptoms arep  pIn a While  Wend loop a CURSOR is declared, then opens, do fetchs and close.p  pIf at any iteration the cursor does not retrieve any rows, in the following iteration the error occurs after declaring the cursor with a different SQL query when you try to open it.p  pFirst we updated the ODBC driver to the latest version available, but the problem persists.p  pBecause we needed an urgent solution, I solved the problem by making a preselect to determine if the cursor will return rows, otherwise skip that iteration, this solves the problem for now but does not seem a very elegant solution.p  pAny idea how to get more information about the error that occurs on the hostp  pThank you very much in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIn my wordpress theme, I want to add in the footer a side loop to fetch the latest posts. the first post of this loop displays thumb pix, title, and post preview.. the 5 following only displays the titlelink.p  pSince I already use the regular codeltphp ifhaveposts  whilehaveposts  thepost gtcode in the main div, I have to use a side loop based on getpostsp  pthis is what I want to get, but its not workingp  precodeltphp querypostscat6ampshowposts5 gt ltphp posts  getpostscategory6ampnumberposts5  count  countposts foreach posts as post  startwp gt     ltphp if count lt 2  gt           code for the 1st post thumb etc..      ltphp else  gt              code for the 4 following post links to posts only                ltphp endif gt ltphp endforeach gt codepre  pI know how to add countcondition for the regular wordpress loop but not with the getposts function.p  pCan you please help me achieving that p  pThanks in advance p  hr  pedit the solution p  pOk I used the offset argument to achieve thatp  precodeltphp posts  getpostsnumberposts2ampoffset0  foreach posts as post  startwp gt  lta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitle gt classfooternewsthumbgt ltphp if  haspostthumbnail  gt ltphp thepostthumbnailthumbnail gt ltphp endif gt ltagt  lth2 classfooternewstitlegtlta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitle gtgtltphp thetitle gtltagtlth2gt ltp classfooternewspreviewgtltphp thecontentrss, TRUE, , 20 gtltpgt  ltphp endforeach gt          ltphp posts  getpostsnumberposts3ampoffset1  foreach posts as post  startwp gt                       lth2 classfooternewstitlegtlta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitle gtgtltphp thetitle gtltagtlth2gt                         ltphp endforeach gt codepre  pSince the loop is not really a loop, I decided to avoid counting occurrence.p
Negative 42922 pIm having some trouble with parsing an FQL multiquery for Facebook. I dont know how I need to handle the JSONArray with the same name in the result  fqlresultset. Here is the FQL JSON I got.p  precode data [    name query1,    fqlresultset [            uid uid1,        eid eid1,        rsvpstatus attending     ,             uid uid2,        eid eid2,        rsvpstatus attending     ,             uid uid3,        eid eid3,        rsvpstatus attending        ] ,     name query2,    fqlresultset [            uid uid1,        name name1,        picsquare pic1     ,             uid uid2,        name name2,        picsquare pic2     ,             uid uid3,        name name3,        picsquare pic3        ]  ]  codepre  pHere is what I got at the moment in my Java code, but I get nothing in return. The data I get, will eventually go in an ArrayList.p  precodetry              GraphObject go  response.getGraphObject             JSONObject jso  go.getInnerJSONObject             JSONArray data  jso.getJSONArraydata             forint i  0 i lt data.length i                 JSONObject o1  data.getJSONObjecti                 JSONArray rs1  o1.getJSONArrayfqlresultset                 forint j  0 j lt rs1.length j                     JSONObject rso1  rs1.getJSONObjectj                     String uid  rso1.getStringuid                     String eid  rso1.getStringeid                     String rsvp  rso1.getStringrsvpstatus                                  JSONObject o2  data.getJSONObjecti                 JSONArray rs2  o2.getJSONArrayfqlresultset                 forint k  0 k lt rs2.length k                     JSONObject rso2  rs2.getJSONObjectk                     String name  rso2.getStringname                     String pic  rso2.getStringpicsquare                                 catch JSONException e              e.printStackTrace          codepre  pDoes anyone know how I need to parse this JSON result Thanks in advancep  pstrongSolutionstrongp  precodetry              people  new ArrayListltPersongt             GraphObject go  response.getGraphObject             JSONObject jso  go.getInnerJSONObject             JSONArray data  jso.getJSONArraydata.getJSONObject0                     .getJSONArrayfqlresultset             JSONArray data2  jso.getJSONArraydata.getJSONObject1                     .getJSONArrayfqlresultset               for int i  0 i lt data.length i                  Person p  new Person                 JSONObject o1  data.getJSONObjecti                 uid  o1.getStringuid                 p.setUserIduid                 p.setRsvpstatuso1.getStringrsvpstatus                   for int j  0 j lt data2.length j                      JSONObject o2  data2.getJSONObjectj                     if p.getUserId.equalso2                             .getStringuid                          p.setNameo2.getStringname                         p.setPico2.getStringpicsquare                                                       people.addp                       catch JSONException e              e.printStackTrace          codepre
Negative 42922 pI am developing one application where the users can upload audio files to the server by p  pusing  any android version in the mobile. By using in built android voice recorder they can p  pcreate only code.amrcode format of the audio. But I need audio in the code.wavcode format  for some p  ptelephonic use at the server side . p  pIs there any way in android to create code.wavcode format in built android voice recorderp  por at the server end is it possible convert any audio file format to code.wavcode using codePHPcode.p  pAny help would be thanksfull. p
Negative 42922 pIm using a hrefhttpwww.slidesjs.com relnofollowSlidesJSa which is pretty straightforward, but theres currently not option to autostart but only play through once and stop. It currently loops.p  pI need it to play through once, then stop at the first slide again.p  pTheres an animationComplete function, however, so Im thinking I could use this to test when the full animation is complete, it checks the length number of slides and if its greater than the number, then it stops the slider.p  pstrongjsFiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net55Evw relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net55Evwastrongp  pThis is what I have so farp  precodefunction     .slides.slides         play 5000,         slideSpeed 1000,         bigTarget true,         generatePagination false,         hoverPause true,         animationComplete functioncurrent               var total  .slidescontainer div.length              if current gt total                                   clearInterval.slides.datainterval                              codepre  pAnd the basics of my HTML structurep  precode   ltdiv classslidesgt         ltdiv classslidescontainergt             ltdivgt                 ltimg srchttpplacehold.it570x270gt             ltdivgt             ltdivgt                 ltimg srchttpplacehold.it570x270gt             ltdivgt             ltdivgt                 ltimg srchttpplacehold.it570x270gt             ltdivgt             ltdivgt                 ltimg srchttpplacehold.it570x270gt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pCheers, Rp
Negative 42922 pIve got a view to create Project models which contains among other things a table of companyrelated data.p  pIve added a button that does an AJAX call to retrieve a partial view and adds it to the tablep  precodeaddCompanyRoleProject.clickfunction           cache false,         .getCompanyRoleProjectEntryRow, function result                   companyTable.appendresult  Add the row to the table          , html.donefunction result                               return false          codepre  pThe partial view is a lt tr  in wich one of the lt td s has an input fieldp  precodeltinput classcompanyroleprojectcompany typetext datacontainerPrefixViewData[ContainerPrefix] gt codepre  pI want that input field inside the partial view received by ajax to be an autocomplete a hrefhttpjqueryui.comautocomplete relnofollowhttpjqueryui.comautocompletea so that the user is able to select from a set of options on each lt input  for each row of the table.p  pI cant seem to access the correspondent field on my AJAX call inside the main view. Ive tried using filter and find on both the success and done functions.p  pI could put my javascript code inside the partial view, but it would then be replicated, not to mention possible ID colisions p  pAny ideias on how to achieve thisp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI believe I have everything properly referenced in my viewp  precodesection Scripts      Styles.RenderContentthemesbasecss     Scripts.Renderbundlesjquery     Scripts.Renderbundlesjqueryui     Scripts.Renderbundlesjqueryval      ltltltlt My JS code is here gtgtgtgt   codepre  pAnd in my pages source code I can seep  precodeltscript srcScriptsjquery1.7.1.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsjqueryui1.8.20.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsjquery.unobtrusiveajax.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsjquery.validate.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcScriptsjquery.validate.unobtrusive.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pI followed Darin Dimitrovs advice and added this on the ajax success callback, after appending the result to the table p  precodeinput.companyroleprojectcompany, result.autocomplete     ...define source etc...  codepre  pBut when I type something in the input field, it behaves like a regular text field... Is there something wrong in my process of using an ajax call to request a partial view, append it to the table, make it an autocomplete p
Negative 42922 pI would like to create sort of an inapp console, so that our app can have a separate tab where we can output and easily read debugging information while we test it.p  pIm new to Sencha Touch, but in jQuery it would be trivial to do something likep  precodewindow.log  functionmsg      Console.appendltdivgt  msg  ltdivgt  codepre  pMy Main.js view includes the followingp  precode     title Console,     iconCls info,     scrollable true,      items [                      docked top,             xtype titlebar,             title Console         ,                      xtype container,             id console              ]  codepre  pThis is the best I can come up with, but since it is getting the entire HTML of a container and then resetting it, this seems very wasteful and just all around badp  precode    Ext.log  function msg          var console  Ext.getconsole         var html  console.getHtml         console.setHtmlhtml  ltdivgt  msg  ltdivgt      codepre  pThere has to be a better way...rightp
Negative 42922 pIm using the Windows Phone 8 Map Control. I want to extract a part of the displayed map as image to use it as a tile.  Is there a builtin functionality because the native maps app is doing the same if you pin a location as tile.p
Negative 42922 pI am having problem connecting my 4.2.2 android device with PC after I select Always allow from this computer.p  pI have selected Always allow from this computer in 4.2.2 USB debugging and it works fine the first time but when I tried other time my devices always appear offline. I have tried with another device that is also 4.2.2 and the USB debugging popup and when I click ok without selecting Always allow from this computer with device list became online.p  pI have tried the following method and it didnt workp  ul liadb killserver adb startserver and adb devicesli liinstall new eclipse, android SDK, and ADTli liPlug and unplug my device thousand timesli litry repeating steps from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15031411afterupgradeandroidonnexusto422eclipseshowstargetunknownfordevicethis linkali ul  pstrongAre there anyway to get rid of Always allow from this computer once I selectedstrongp
Negative 42922 pHi I have only just started with Python,p  pI have written this .py file with a simple test and has worked fine but when I just simply added more ss it bombs out withp  pError codeFile usrlibpymodulespython2.7MySQLdbcursors.py, line 159, in execute query  query  db.literalargs TypeError not enough arguments for format stringcodep  pPython Scriptp  hr  precodeimport csv  import MySQLdb    mydb  MySQLdb.connecthostlocalhost,     userroot,     passwd,     dbkestrelkeep  cursor  mydb.cursor  csvdata  csv.readerfiledatacsv.log  for row in csvdata          cursor.executeINSERT INTO heating VALUES  s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s,,        row close the connection to the database. mydb.commit cursor.close import os   print Done codepre  hr  pCSV File Formatp  precode20130221,214200,1.0,45.8,27.6,17.3,14.1,22.3,21.1,1,1,2,2 20130221,214800,1.0,45.8,27.5,17.3,13.9,22.3,20.9,1,1,2,2 codepre  pAny Ideasp  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pI have an OFBiz SOAPbased web service that is exposed can accept requests and has a WSDL code generated and a WSDL URL. My Question is, is there a way to consume this web service using a CXF Java client or JAXWS client p  pOverall, i want to be able to add the client in the Mule esb consigeration as part of a Mule FLOW. I can invoke the OFBiz web service using AXIS2, but Mule ESB does not seem to support AXIS2, which brings me to another question  Is there a way i can configure AXIS2 web service client in Mule ESBp  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 42922 pI want to know what push mechanism does gmail, facebook or other common apps use in Windows Phone Are they using MPNS only or something else like MQTT. For example, Facebook is available for all platforms so whether they are using different protocols for different platforms or using a common approach.p  pI want to implement push notification for my app. The same app is being developed for other platforms like Android and iPhone also. So I want to use a mechanism which can be used across platforms.p
Negative 42922 pI need to pass the value one page javascript to another page javascript particular functionality . I ma using the mvc function the two pages are different controller cshtml pages. How to pass the value one cshtml to another one cshtml. I try this code but not trigger. Please forward your knowledge p  precodeview1   b.onclick, function             document.location.href  view2.cshtmlId  sData  notes       view2   var data  POST[Id]     function workdata       my code      codepre  pnotesp  pI dont know how to mention the particular view2. Because i have lot of controller every controller have the same view2 name. This code goes to the my current controller view 2p
Negative 42922 pHow can I substitute one variable codeacode for another variable codebcode, in order to change codebcodep  pFor examplep  precodeNSString a  a NSString b  b NSString c  c  a  b a  c codepre  pIn this case, the value of codebcode is codebcode, right I want to make the value of codebcode codeccode, without using codeb  ccode. Probably I should try to understand pointers.p  pPlease make sense of my poor explanation, and give me any advice you can.p
Negative 42922 pThis is the example of my database tablep  pid  pen color  pen type  pen price  date purchasedp  p1   red    type A    10.00      10022013p  p1   white  type B    21.00      13022013p  p2   blue   type A    12.00      09022013p  p1   yellow     type C    14.00      23022013p  pMy desired output isp  phow about if i want it to be grouped by the same idp  pid  price A  price A  B  price B  price Cp  p1   10.00    31.00        21.00    14.00p  p2   12.00    0            0        0p  pI am seriously having a problem doing this. I think it might be simple, but I am just running out of ideas.p
Negative 42922 pIm hoping theres a better way to do this. Straight to the codep  precodeprint I 6s6s6s6s6s6s6s6s8s         A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H, Done print I 6s6s6s6s6s6s6s6s8s         5 ,5 ,5 ,5 ,5 ,5 ,5,5,8 codepre  pIdeally, Id want to do something like thisp  precodehdrs  [A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H, Done] ltprint statement that uses lenhdrs[i]2 for the column widthgt ltprint statement that uses lenhdrs[i]2 for the column width and lenhdrs[i]1 for the number of dashesgt codepre  pThe output would look like thisp  precodeA     B     C    codepre  pThis method would be much more extensible than my current method. Ive tried various things using join and map, but I havent been able to figure out a viable solution. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p  pEditp  pI just got this part to workp  precodeprint  .joinlenx1 for x in hdrs codepre  pThe previous line of code prints the dashes the way I requested in the original post, but Im wondering if theres a cleaner way. I still cant figure out how to print the strings.p
Negative 42922 pI have hosted a html5 video generated by Adobe captivate at Amazon S3. When I access using browser its working fine.p  pWorking url  a hrefhttplmtestforhtmlfive.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5versiontestHello20Worldstoryhtml5.html relnofollowhttplmtestforhtmlfive.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5versiontestHello20Worldstoryhtml5.htmlap  pBut when I use the above working video in IFRAME at another html page, its not working. p  pError  Unsafe JavaScript attempt to access frame with URL a hrefhttptemptesttobedelete.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5test.html relnofollowhttptemptesttobedelete.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5test.htmla from frame with URL a hrefhttplmtestforhtmlfive.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5versiontestHello20Worldstoryhtml5.html relnofollowhttplmtestforhtmlfive.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5versiontestHello20Worldstoryhtml5.htmla. Domains, protocols and ports must match.p  pNot working URL  a hrefhttptemptesttobedelete.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5test.html relnofollowhttptemptesttobedelete.s3.amazonaws.comhtml5test.htmlap  pAfter few research I got need to enable CORS on S3 bucket, added below CORS configuration on lmtestforhtmlfive bucket.p  precodeltCORSRulegt ltAllowedOrigingtltAllowedOrigingt ltAllowedMethodgtGETltAllowedMethodgt ltAllowedHeadergtltAllowedHeadergt ltMaxAgeSecondsgt3000ltMaxAgeSecondsgt ltCORSRulegt codepre  pBut still I am not able to access the html5 video in iframe. p  pPlease suggest me how to access html5 videos in IFRAME.p  pThanks, Laxmilal Menariap
Negative 42922 pI am trying to reference my ListView control to assign a datasource to it. But oddly, it is Nothing when I debug Me.lvResults What could be causing this I am leaning toward the  Method calling the BindDataSearch function that is part of the class Default. I really need the code to work like this because I ajax call Search, but if anyone can recommend a better way I am open to suggestions. Thank you very much for your time,p  precodeImports System.Web.Services  Public Class Default    Inherits System.Web.UI.Page       Protected Sub PageLoadByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As System.EventArgs Handles Me.Load     End Sub      ltWebMethodgt    Public Shared Sub SearchByVal StartDate As String, ByVal EndDate As String, ByVal ClassName As String     Try         Get Search Results         Dim DataHelper As New DataHelper         Dim dt As New DataTable          dt  DataHelper.ClassSearchStartDate, EndDate, ClassName          Bind Search Results to DateGrid         Dim ClassSearch As New Default         ClassSearch.BindDataSearchdt      Catch ex As Exception         Dim strError As String  ex.ToString      End Try     End Sub       Public Sub BindDataSearchByVal dt As DataTable      Me.lvResults.DataSource  dt     End Sub  End Class codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a very specific nginx config questionp  pI need nginx top  ul liproxy websocket connections  li lirespond with index.html for standard http requests  li ul  pThis is the closest I can getp  precode  location       if httpupgrade  websocket       Here lies my problem      This returns a http 302 where i just need it to return the contents      of index.html     return httpsadmin.permaconn.comindex.html         proxyhttpversion 1.1    proxysetheader Upgrade httpupgrade    proxysetheader Connection upgrade    proxypass httplocalhost8080    codepre  pI am undergoing a structural change with my app from using nodejs as a front proxy to nginx as a front end proxy.p  pI must configure nginx this way due to expected behaviour from numerous programs already installed devices aka legacy.p
Negative 42922 pI need to be able to compare two different connection strings together and identify whether or not they are the same info. I cannot do a simple string comparison, because the properties could be laid out differently, but still represent the same connection.p  pBefore I go and write my own comparison for this, is there already something that can do thisp  pIve searched for a way and I cant find anything out there about this.p
Negative 42922 pi have list view with listener that works fine , but when i add strongandroidautoLinkwebstrong property at one strongtextviewstrong in strongrow.xmlstrong ,List Listener not work. why its so  here is row.xml p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidididrelativeLayout1     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidlayoutmarginTop10dp     gt      ltTextView         androidididID         androidlayoutwidth80dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidtextFirst gt      ltTextView         androidididName         androidlayoutwidth80dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidlayoutmarginLeft56dp         androidtextSecond gt      ltTextView            androidautoLinkweb         androidididLink         androidlayoutwidth80dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidlayoutbelowidID         androidlayoutmarginTop18dp         androidtextThird gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  phere is listview.xmlp    precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidlayoutmarginTop4dp     androidorientationvertical gt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidgravitycenter         androidtextFavourtes         androidtextSize25sp         androidtextStylebold gt     ltTextViewgt      ltListView         androidididlistforplace         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidscrollbarsvertical gt     ltListViewgt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  phere .java classp  precodepublic void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState           super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.bookmark          loadSharedPreferencesforplacelist         list  ListView findViewByIdR.id.listforplace         myAdapter  new DbManagerthis         cursor  myAdapter.getAllfav          updateList         String[] from  new String[]  DbManager.PlaceID, DbManager.ID,                 DbManager.name, DbManager.referance          int[] to  new int[]  R.id.ID, R.id.Name, R.id.Link          cursorAdapter  new SimpleCursorAdapterthis, R.layout.bookmarkrow,                 cursor, from, to          list.setAdaptercursorAdapter          cursorAdapter.setViewBindernew ScoreHistoryBinder         list.setOnItemClickListenerlistOnItemClickListener            public ListView.OnItemClickListener listOnItemClickListener  new ListView.OnItemClickListener          Override         public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view, int position,                 long id              Cursor cursor  Cursor parent.getItemAtPositionposition              final int placeidfordelete  cursor.getIntcursor                     .getColumnIndexDbManager.ID              int placename               cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDbManager.ID             placelongi  cursor                     .getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDbManager.name             placelati  cursor.getStringcursor                     .getColumnIndexDbManager.referance             placealti  cursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDbManager.des              AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.Builderviewmark.this             builder.setTitleDelete             builder.setIconandroid.R.drawable.icdialoginfo              builder.setMessageDelete marks             builder.setPositiveButtonDelete,                     new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                          public void onClickDialogInterface arg0, int arg1                               myAdapter.deletebyIDplaceplaceidfordelete                             updateList                                                            builder.setNegativeButtonAll delete,                     new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                          public void onClickDialogInterface arg0, int arg1                                                              AlertDialog diag  builder.create             diag.show                     Override     protected void onDestroy   TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onDestroy         cursor.close         myAdapter.close            SuppressWarnings deprecation      private void updateList          cursor.requery         cursor.close          emptyFormFields        codepre
Negative 42922 pThis should be simple, but I cant figure it out. I just need to p  ul liread a matrix from a file into Python that matrix has no headersrow namesli liconvert it to an edgelistli liwrite the edgelist to fileli ul  pI can do each of these separately, but I dont know how to go from the imported matrix to a graph object in networkx module for example. If I was able to convert to a networkx graph, then I can make an edgelist and write to file. p  pAn example of a matrix to read in its saved in .txt filep  precode1 0 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 codepre
Negative 42922 pI am creating a constructor of class Level as follows but b I am getting an error message thatp  precodeDdownloadscocos2d2.0x2.0.4cocos2d2.0x2.0.4armadilloproj.androidjni....ClassesHelloWorldScene.cpp43 undefined reference to LevelsLevels Ddownloadscocos2d2.0x2.0.4cocos2d2.0x2.0.4armadilloproj.androidjni....ClassesHelloWorldScene.cpp44 undefined reference to LevelsgetCachedDataFromFilestdstring codepre  pCodep  precodebool HelloWorldinit    if  CCLayerinit         return false      levels  new Levels   levelsgtgetCachedDataFromFilemntsdcardlevels.json   return true  codepre  pI am calling this method in constructor in HelloWorld.cpp file. I have included Levels.h file in HelloWorld.h which I included in HelloWorld.cpp.p  pIll be grateful if any one can help me out as I am beginner to cpp.p  pI have included the method and constructor in header file, you can check it in following codep  precodeinclude Box2d.h include cocos2d.h  using namespace cocos2d  ifndef LEVELSH define LEVELSH  class Levels public b2ContactListener   public  Levels Levels  void BeginContactb2Contact contact void EndContactb2Contact contact void preSolveb2Contact contact, const b2Manifold oldManifold void postSolveb2Contact contact, const b2ContactImpulse impulse void getCachedDataFromFilestring filePath   private    const string LEVELFILENAME  levels.json    endif  LEVELSH  codepre  pLevel.cppp  precodeinclude Levels.h include ltandroidlog.hgt   define  LOGTAG    levels define  LOGD...  androidlogprintANDROIDLOGDEBUG,LOGTAG,VAARGS  LevelsLevels     LevelsLevels     void LevelsBeginContactb2Contact contact     void LevelsEndContactb2Contact contact     void LevelsgetCachedDataFromFilestring filePath  unsigned long filesize  0 unsigned char fileData  NULL stdstring content, fullPath int i 1 fullPath  CCFileUtilssharedFileUtils    gt       fullPathFromRelativePathfilePath.cstr  fileData  CCFileUtilssharedFileUtilsgtgetFileDatafullPath.cstr,         r, ampfilesize content.appendchar fileData LOGDcontent.cstr   if languagesDocument.Parse lt 0 gt content.cstr.HasParseError        LOGDlanguagesDocument.GetParseError         CCLoglanguagesDocument.GetParseError    codepre  p   return NULL     p  pAndroid.mkp  precodeLOCALPATH  call mydir  include CLEARVARS OpenCV OPENCVCAMERAMODULESon OPENCVINSTALLMODULESon include ......projectsandroidopencvsdknativejniOpenCV.mk  LOCALMODULE  gameshared  LOCALMODULEFILENAME  libgame  LOCALSRCFILES  hellocppmain.cpp                 ....ClassesAppDelegate.cpp                 ....ClassesHelloWorldScene.cpp Required for android log from jni code LOCALLDLIBS   llog ldl  Add path to OpenCVs header files LOCALCINCLUDES  LOCALPATH....Classes      LOCALPATH....libsBox2d  ......projectsandroidopencvsdknativejniinclude  LOCALWHOLESTATICLIBRARIES  cocos2dxstatic cocosdenshionstatic          c cocosextensionstatic box2dstatic  include BUILDSHAREDLIBRARY  call importmodule,CocosDenshionandroid  call importmodule,cocos2dx  call importmodule,extensions   call importmodule,Box2D codepre
Negative 42922 pIts quite hard for me to explain what i need with words so I here is some codep  precodeclass Configurationmodels.Model     name  models.CharFieldmaxlength250     firmwareversion  models.ForeignKeyFirmwareVersion     devicesamount  models.PositiveIntegerField     def unicodeself         return unicodeself.name  class Firmwaremodels.Model     name  models.CharFieldmaxlength250     circuitmodel  models.ForeignKeyVersiiplates     def unicodeself         return unicodeself.name  class FirmwareVersionmodels.Model     firmware  models.ForeignKeyFirmware     version  models.CharFieldmaxlength100     file  models.FileFielduploadtofirmware     uploaddate  models.DateFielddefault  datetime.date.today     notes  models.TextFieldmaxlength2500, nullTrue, blankTrue     def unicodeself         return us s  self.firmware.unicode, self.version codepre  pIs there any way to choose in admin changeform for Configuration the Firmware first and then any FirmwareVersion related to itp
Negative 42922 pHi as the title says i want to know what code i should use and how i would go about setting up my program so that when i drag a file over a panel or the main form, It gives me the file path of that folder.p  pPlease Help.p
Negative 42922 pCan any one help me out of this I am getting this Warning messagep  precodelog4jWARN No appenders could be found for logger com.akak.book.shop.listener.LogContextListener. log4jWARN Please initialize the log4j system properly. codepre  pThe classp  precodepublic class LogContextListener implements ServletContextListener    Override   public void contextDestroyedServletContextEvent ctxEvent        Override   public void contextInitializedServletContextEvent ctxEvent      ServletContext ctx  ctxEvent.getServletContext     String path  ctx.getRealPath  logs     System.setPropertyjlcindia.root.path, path     String str  ctx.getRealPathWEBINFclassescomjlcjlclog4j.properties     PropertyConfigurator.configurestr     Logger log  Logger.getLoggerthis.getClass     log.infoProperties file str     codepre  pjlclog4j.properties file  I have specified like this p  precodelog4j.rootLogger  ERROR.jlc log4j.appender.jlc  org.apache.log4j.FileAppender log4j.appender.jlc.file  jlcindia.root.pathjlcindia.log log4j.appender.jlc.layout  org.apache.log4j.PatterLayout log4j.appender.jlc.layout.ConversionPattern  p l m n codepre
Negative 42922 pGiven a company name, say Google, I want to be able to identify the link to the company profile page in say p  ul liGoogle Finance eg. a hrefhttpswww.google.comfinanceqNASDAQ3AGOOG relnofollowhttpswww.google.comfinanceqNASDAQ3AGOOGa li liBloomberg a hrefhttpwww.bloomberg.comquoteGOOGUS relnofollowhttpwww.bloomberg.comquoteGOOGUSali ul  pand extract company information eg. emGoogle Inc. is a global technology company that provides a web based search engine through its website. The Company offers a wide range of search options, including web, image, groups, directory, and news searchesemp  pHow can I do it, I think I need some API to identify the stock ticker based on company name, then somehow build the URL to the appropriate site It seems Bloomberg has an API, but its very large, could someone point me in the right direction p  pFor the 1st requirement, it seems from another question, a query to Yahoo Finance API can do the trick p  blockquote   pa hrefhttpautoc.finance.yahoo.comautocqueryyahooampcallbackYAHOO.Finance.SymbolSuggest.ssCallback relnofollowhttpautoc.finance.yahoo.comautocqueryyahooampcallbackYAHOO.Finance.SymbolSuggest.ssCallbackap blockquote  pBut it doesnt seem to provide the needed info for building the URL to Bloomberg missing country info. p
Negative 42922 pIm using gmock to mock my dependencies in legacy code. One of the class have a method with 11 parameters. When I tried to use MOCKMETHOD11WITHCALLTYPE to mock it, I found this macro doesnt exist. gmock only supoort up to 10 parameters. What do you suggest for this Do I implement this method with dummy body Or copy amp extend the macro Thanksp  pPS, I dont need to mock this method in my tests right now, but probably need to do so in the future.p  pBest regards,p
Negative 42922 pI have opened a new Java project, wrote a lot of code, added a few external jars. I wanted to delete one external jar, accidently deleted the JRE library.p  pCant figure out how to readd the JRE to the project.p
Negative 42922 pHow much time does a https request has to have for best user experience. This is a general question for any programming language. Its the time the request takes, once the user has made an action until its response. p
Negative 42922 pI just edited my .bashprofile to add git branch display. I based it on a version I found online, but now when I write something in the shell, at the end of the line, it overwrites the first line, then it starts wrapping to the new line.p  precodefunction proml    case TERM in     xterm      TITLEBAR[033]0uhw007]               TITLEBAR        esac  PS1TITLEBAR wWHITEparsegitbranche[m  codepre  pand this is the parsegitbranch functionp  precodefunction parsegitbranch    git branch nocolor 2gt devnull  sed e []d e s .[1]  codepre  pSince I dont know much about bashprofile I dont know where the mistake isp
Negative 42922 pI have a database running on a SQL server that handles entries from a piece of commercial software.  There are essentially 3 tables that I am interested in A table, B table, and C table.  I am using MS Access to do some reporting off of the data via ODBC link tables.  Would it be possible to watch for a new record to be entered into A table and let that trigger VBA code to create a new record in both B table and C table  B table is simply a link table between A table and C table.  I think I can create the VBA code to generate the new records if someone can advise me on the trigger from the new SQL record.p  pThank you in advance for any assistanceguidancep  pOk, Ive looked into SQL trigger and I think Ive got something figured out.  If I can get the trigger written correctly I should be able to get our administrator to install it to the SQL server.  Take a look and see if this will work pleasep  precodeCreate Trigger TrCInsert On TableC After Insert As SELECT MAXCNum AS LargestCNum FROM TableC SELECT MAXANum AS LargestANum FROM TableA SELECT MAXBNum AS LargestBNum FROM TableB Insert WorkOrder varA1, varA2, varA3, varA4, varA5, varA6, varA7, varA8, varA9   Output LargestBNum1, LargestCNum, LargestANum1 Into TableB     Select LargestANum1, varC1, varC2, varC3, varC4, Request, 286, varC7, varC8   From inserted codepre  pWhere varA1 would be a column name in Table A.  CNum, ANum, and BNum will be autogenerated primary keys.p
Negative 42922 pI want to build such a system, there are 3 nodes, A, B and C A and B establish a TCP connection, then A tell C the ports, sequence number seqnoand Acknowlegement sequence numberackseqno. Then C sends packet to B C and A share the same IP but they are far away from each other, e.g, C spoof IP of Ap  pif B never sends data packets to IPAonly ACK, C can send packets to B with correct seqno and ackseqno but sometimes if B send a data packet P1to IPA,p  p1 A immediately send ACK for the data packet P1 to B, and A tell C the new ackseqno. But there is a delay between A and C, so before C knows the new ackseqno C may send some data packetswith spoofed IPA to B with obsolete ackseqno.p  pmy first question is what will C behave when it receives a data packet with obsolete ackseqnop  p2 if I delay the ACK for p1 from A to B, I let A tell C first, and then sends the ACK for p1. there are 2 questions p  p1 since B is waiting for the ACK of p1 from A, it may retransmit the packet p1, how to increase the retransmission timeout if each time A reply with the ACK with such a delay, the timeout will be naturally increased, then it is not a problemp  p2 if C sends data packets to Bwith IP of A before the ACKfor p1 from A to B. This means the data packets are with updated ackseqno, but B doesnt know whether its new ackseqno has been known by A or notcoz ACK hasnt arrived yet, so it may regard the ACK is piggybacked over the data packets then how will B deal with the late ACKp
Negative 42922 pParsing with YAJL Ruby I get the following error p  precode2.0.0p0 048 gt   YajlParser.parse resp.body YajlParseError lexical error invalid char in json text.                                   idgt2126244, namegtbootstrap,                      right here  codepre  pHow can I get rid of that p  pstrongUPDATE tanks to Howardstrongp  pit was just a metter of adding tojson method to resp.body p  precode2.0.0p0 183 gt parsed  YajlParser.parse resp.body.tojson  gt idgt2126244, namegtbootstrap, fullnamegttwitterbootstrap, ownergtlogingttwitter, idgt50278, ... codepre  pthen it works p  precode2.0.0p0 184 gt parsed.class  gt Hash  2.0.0p0 185 gt parsed[id]  gt 2126244  2.0.0p0 186 gt parsed[name]  gt bootstrap  2.0.0p0 187 gt parsed[fullname]  gt twitterbootstrap  2.0.0p0 188 gt parsed[owner]  gt logingttwitter, idgt50278, avatarurlgthttpssecure.gravatar.comavatar2f4a8254d032a8ec5e4c48d461e54fccdhttpsa248.e.akamai.netassets.github.com2Fimages2Fgravatars2Fgravatarorg420.png, gravataridgt2f4a8254d032a8ec5e4c48d461e54fcc, urlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitter, htmlurlgthttpsgithub.comtwitter, followersurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitterfollowers, followingurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitterfollowing, gistsurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwittergistsgistid, starredurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitterstarredownerrepo, subscriptionsurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwittersubscriptions, organizationsurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitterorgs, reposurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitterrepos, eventsurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwittereventsprivacy, receivedeventsurlgthttpsapi.github.comuserstwitterreceivedevents, typegtOrganization  2.0.0p0 189 gt  codepre  pjust because resp.body, was not json p  precode2.0.0p0 197 gt print resp.body idgt2126244, namegtbootstrap, ...   2.0.0p0 196 gt print resp.body.tojson id2126244,namebootstrap, ... codepre
Negative 42922 pIn the GO tutorial, we have this slidep  pa hrefhttptour.golang.org62httptour.golang.org62ap  precodepackage main  import      fmt     time   func says string      for i  0 i lt 5 i          time.Sleep100  time.Millisecond         fmt.Printlns        func main      go sayworld     sayhello  codepre  pRunning this code produces expected results world and hello written to the screen interchangeably 5 times.p  pHowever, if we comment out codetime.Sleepcode and consequently, the codetimecode line of the import and run the program again, we are left with strongonlystrong hello written to the screen five times.p  pWhat is so important about codetime.Sleepcode that saves the goroutine from dyingp
Negative 42922 pDeploying a chrome packaged app and publishing updates on the chrome web store allows users to automatically receive application updates. There are situations where you want to know if the running application is the most current or not, and updating it. E.G.p  ul liJust keeping the user on the most recent version.li liDetecting a mismatch between the application and server side APIs, and requiring the client side application to update to use new server side APIs.li ul  pDocumentation for a hrefhttpdeveloper.chrome.comappsruntime.htmlmethodrequestUpdateCheckchrome.runtime.requestUpdateChecka offers a status of codethrottledcode, codenoupdatecode, codeupdateavailablecode, but doesnt indicate what to do if a newer version is required.p
Negative 42922 pHi i just have a broad question about the difference between template and HTML files in django. For example, in my project i have a directory called templates that will store my templates is this also where my HTML files would go Are templates embedded in these HTML files If not could you point me to a good example about how these two files work together Thank youp
Negative 42922 pIs it possible to remove referrer when using iframe here the casep  pI have a page at a hrefhttpwww.mywebsite.com relnofollowhttpwww.mywebsite.coma with an codeltiframegtcode in it. Like thisp  precodelthtmlgt  ltheadgt...ltheadgt  ltbodygt   ... lta hrefloadiframegtSHow Websiteltagt   ltiframe idloadiframe srchttpwww.iframetarget.tldgt   ...  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pi want to iframetarget.tld not contains referrercan not see if mywebsite.com is loading their pages.p  pis that possiblep  pNote iframe will load using jQuery lightboxcolorbox p
Negative 42922 pIm making an app on android and need to make an image map or hotspots on an image so that if you click on a certain point of the image it does something.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9RpfC.png altthis is my imagep  pThe image above is what i need it for. I need it so that if you click on facebook, it does one thing, and if you click on the others it does another.p  pAnd yes I have tried making them buttons but, that is not what I need, I am just trying to learn how to make an image map.p
Negative 42922 pI have a system which posts stuff on facebook through their api. The problem Im having is when trying to figure out the permalink of the post from the response I get from facebook. The response from facebook looks like thisp  precodeid somenumericalid, postid id1id2  id1 and id2 are two numerical ids separated by an underscore codepre  pAnybody know how I can figure out the permalink from this  I tried using p  precodepermalink.phpstoryfbidxampidy codepre  pBut this doesnt work for posts containing pictures didnt try with videos.p
Negative 42922 pI have a SQL Server database, and I need to populate it with returned xml from an api call. This is the xml code thats returnednot in a filep  precodeltpetfinder xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance        xsinoNamespaceSchemaLocationhttpapi.petfinder.comschemas0.9petfinder.xsdgt ltheadergt  ltversiongt0.1ltversiongt  lttimestampgt20130408T145223Zlttimestampgt  ltstatusgt   ltcodegt100ltcodegt   ltmessagegt  ltstatusgt ltheadergt ltlastOffsetgt25ltlastOffsetgt  ltpetsgt   ltpetgt    ltidgt18589607ltidgt    ltshelterIdgtOK98ltshelterIdgt    ltshelterPetIdgt11C0015ltshelterPetIdgt    ltnamegtSamltnamegt    ltanimalgtCatltanimalgt    ltbreedsgt     ltbreedgtDomestic Short Hairltbreedgt     ltbreedgtTabbyltbreedgt    ltbreedsgt    ltmixgtyesltmixgt    ltagegtAdultltagegt    ltsexgtMltsexgt    ltsizegtXLltsizegt    ltoptionsgt     ltoptiongtalteredltoptiongt     ltoptiongthasShotsltoptiongt     ltoptiongthousebrokenltoptiongt    ltoptionsgt   ltdescriptiongt    lt[CDATA[     ltdivgtThis guy loves the camera. Look at him pose and show off Sam is about 5 years old and is a cream Tabby. He is good with other cats and is house trained. He has turquoise eyes and is a sweet sweet cat. Sam loves to be the right hand man and assist you on any task you may have. Sammy is not the type of cat that likes to be held but will sit right next to you for some rubbing and head butting. Our adoption fee is 100 for dogs and 75 for cats. This adoption fee includes the spay or neutering and rabies shot. ltdivgt    ]]gt   ltdescriptiongt   ltlastUpdategt20120724T145017ZltlastUpdategt   ltstatusgtAltstatusgt   ltmediagt    ltphotosgt     ltphoto id1 sizexgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896071x.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id1 sizefpmgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896071fpm.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id1 sizepngt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896071pn.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id1 sizepntgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896071pnt.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id1 sizetgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896071t.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id2 sizexgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896072x.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id2 sizefpmgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896072fpm.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id2 sizepngt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896072pn.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id2 sizepntgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896072pnt.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id2 sizetgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896072t.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id3 sizexgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896073x.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id3 sizefpmgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896073fpm.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id3 sizepngt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896073pn.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id3 sizepntgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896073pnt.jpg     ltphotogt     ltphoto id3 sizetgt     httpphotos.petfinder.comphotosUSOKOK9818589607OK98.185896073t.jpg     ltphotogt    ltphotosgt   ltmediagt   ltcontactgt    ltaddress1gt714 Martin Luther King Jr Aveltaddress1gt    ltaddress2gt    ltcitygtDuncanltcitygt    ltstategtOKltstategt    ltzipgt73533ltzipgt    ltphonegt    ltfaxgt    ltemailgt   ltcontactgt  ltpetgt ... codepre  pMore specifically, I need to take the nodes for ID, name, animal, description, and several others, and insert them into their respectful columns in my database. p  pAnd it must repeat this for each pet node that these are all in.p  pCan I do this in VB.net without saving a file, just as an xml stringp  pPlease help, Ive been stuck on this for days.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to call a stored procedure written in MS SQL SERVER 2008 from PHP ODBC through following code, but it does not seem to workp  precodestatement  odbcprepare  con, CALL takesnapshot if statement  FALSE  if odbcexecute  statement, 2010  FALSE     return true       codepre  pIn SQL server management studio I simply execute it by writing strongexec takesnapshot 2010strong in query window and it works fine.p  pCan anyone guide me with correct syntax of call a procedure from PHP ODBC.p
Negative 42922 pHow can I show the trailing zeros in an html table viewed in excelp  pIve examined the html in notepad, so I know theyre there.p  pThe table is being built in .ashx with a .xls extension.p  pstrongspecificsstrongp  pId like the numbers to be automatically formatted for the user.p  pId like to still be able to manipulate the numbers as numbers if displaying as text.p  pstronghow Im building table in ashxstrongp  precodeIf sqlDataset.Tables0.Rows.Count gt 0 Then     context.Response.BufferOutput  False     Dim response As HttpResponse  context.Response      context.Response.AddHeadercontentdisposition, attachment filenameTotal Quote Sheet  amp DateTime.Now amp .xls     context.Response.ContentType  applicationmsexcel     Dim outputHTML As String      Using sw As StringWriter  New StringWriter         Using ht As HtmlTextWriter  New HtmlTextWritersw              Dim table As New Table              Dim headings  Article Number, Quantity Quote, SAP Supplier , Cost Code, Unit Cost, Extended Cost, SAP Description, Status             Dim HeaderRow As New TableRow             HeaderRow.ForeColor  Drawing.Color.White             For Each heading As String In headings                 Dim Cell As New TableCell                 Cell.Text  heading                 Cell.BorderWidth  1                 Cell.BorderColor  Drawing.Color.Black                 Cell.BorderStyle  BorderStyle.Solid                 Cell.BackColor  System.Drawing.ColorTranslator.FromHtml003797                 HeaderRow.Cells.AddCell             Next              table.Rows.AddHeaderRow              For u As Integer  0 To sqlDataset.Tables0.Rows.Count  1                  Dim DataRow As New TableRow                 Dim dataColumnNames  AN, QB, SSN, CC, UC, EC, AD, BAI                 For Each dataColumnName As String In dataColumnNames                     Dim Cell As New TableCell                     Cell.Text  sqlDataset.Tables0.Rowsu.FieldOf ObjectdataColumnName                     Cell.BorderWidth  1                     Cell.BorderColor  Drawing.Color.Black                     Cell.BorderStyle  BorderStyle.Solid                     If dataColumnName  BAI Then                         Select Case sqlDataset.Tables0.Rowsu.FieldOf ObjectdataColumnName                             Case U                                 Cell.Text  Undecided                             Case A                                 Cell.Text  Accepted                             Case R                                 Cell.Text  Rejected                         End Select                     End If                     DataRow.Cells.AddCell                 Next                  table.Rows.AddDataRow             Next             table.RenderControlht             outputHTML  sw.ToString             context.Response.WriteoutputHTML         End Using     End Using  End If codepre
Negative 42922 pIve read this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13597687woocommercegetnextpreviousproductWoocommerce get next  previous productap  pand also tried thisp  pcodeltphp previouspostlinklink, Previous in category, TRUE gtcodep  pand any of them work under woocommerce product categpry, any ideap  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI have an XML document which has a keyword attributep  precodeltBooksgt      ltBook nameSteve Jobs typebiography keywordsbiography technology applegt          ltAuthorsgt              ltAuthorgt ... codepre  pI want to find all Books with the keyword biography. I havent been able to find a method to search within a string. How would one approach thisp
Negative 42922 pI have implmented a TimeoutTask using ExecutorService. In the below method I am submitting the TimeoutTask and if it is timed out in a given time, I cancel the task and shuts down the executor.p  precodeprivate boolean waitForProcessToBeCompletedlong timeOut              boolean result  false             ExecutorService executor  Executors.newSingleThreadExecutor              Create a FutureTask which will be run             FutureTaskltBooleangt futureTask  new FutureTaskltBooleangtnew TimeoutTask             executor.submitfutureTask  Run the FutureTask             try                  result  futureTask.gettimeOut, TimeUnit.MILLISECONDS  Check if FutureTask completed in the given time              catch InterruptedException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch ExecutionException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch TimeoutException e                  futureTask.canceltrue                 result  true   Return True only when timed out              finally                  executor.shutdownNow  Stop the executor                          return result          codepre  pIt is running very well and I dont have any issue.p  pHowever, I would like to know whether this is the best code design. I was just wondering if it could have been better to use a Future returned by ExecutorService.submit to get the return value of the Callable or to time out the TimeoutTask. e.g.p  precode            Futureltgt futureTask  executor.submitnew TimeoutTask  Run the FutureTask             try                  result  futureTask.gettimeOut, TimeUnit.MILLISECONDS  Check if FutureTask completed in the given time              catch InterruptedException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch ExecutionException e                  e.printStackTrace              catch TimeoutException e                  futureTask.canceltrue                 result  true   Return True only when timed out              finally                  executor.shutdownNow  Stop the executor                          return result codepre  pI am using JDK7.p
Negative 42922 pI have column 1 and column 2, and want to combine them into column 3 of the same table. If the column 2 is null then display column 1 value, if column 1 is null, them display column 2 data. If both of them are null, then display null. I tried two thingsp  p1 using CONCAT codeSELECT CONCATColumn1, Column2 AS Column3 FROM TESTATTRIBUTEScode.p  pIt just merges the columns only when both of them are not null. otherwise it just prins null.p  p2 using column1  column 2.p  pcodeSELECT Column1  Column2 AS Column3 FROM TESTATTRIBUTEScode.p  pdoesnt show desired output.p  pIm writing this code in java. Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a website which works fine on host, but Im currently trying to install it on localhost.p  pIve downloaded everything and configured to work on localhost  Database amp URL.p  pThe problem is this errorp  blockquote   pUnhandled Exceptionp      pMessagep      psyntax error, unexpected end of file Locationp      pCProgram Files x86EasyPHP12.1wwwlaravelview.php386    evald code on line 118p blockquote  pAnd I dont know what causes it. Any solutionsp  pP.S. Ive setup in my windows host file code127.0.0.1 myproject.devcode.p
Negative 42922 pIm totally new to this and am trying to figure out how to actually show the result of this little function in the layout of android. Have been searching and searching and I cant figure out exactly what it requires.p  precodepackage com.example.proyectoparteb  import java.io.IOException import java.io.RandomAccessFile import android.os.Bundle import android.app.Activity import android.view.Menu  public class MainActivity extends Activity       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain         readUsage            Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu         return true           private float readUsage          try              RandomAccessFile reader  new RandomAccessFileprocstat, r             String load  reader.readLine              String[] toks  load.split               long idle1  Long.parseLongtoks[5]             long cpu1  Long.parseLongtoks[2]  Long.parseLongtoks[3]  Long.parseLongtoks[4]                    Long.parseLongtoks[6]  Long.parseLongtoks[7]  Long.parseLongtoks[8]              try                  Thread.sleep360              catch Exception e               reader.seek0             load  reader.readLine             reader.close              toks  load.split               long idle2  Long.parseLongtoks[5]             long cpu2  Long.parseLongtoks[2]  Long.parseLongtoks[3]  Long.parseLongtoks[4]                  Long.parseLongtoks[6]  Long.parseLongtoks[7]  Long.parseLongtoks[8]              return floatcpu2  cpu1  cpu2  idle2  cpu1  idle1           catch IOException ex              ex.printStackTrace                   return 0         codepre
Negative 42922 pThe One Definition Rule states that a program should contain emone definition of every noninline functionem.  For members of template classes, this not entirely clear to mep  precode    Tfoo.h  templatelttypename Tgt class A        void foo         intfoo.h  include ltTfoo.hgt  templateltgt class Fooltintgt        void foo  declaration only     inline void Fooltintgtfoo  definition      X.cpp  include ltintfoo.hgt      Y.cpp  include ltintfoo.hgt codepre  pIn this case, both clientX.obj and clientY.obj have a definition of codeFooltintgtfoocode.  The linker complains that this symbol is defined more than oncep  precodeY.obj  error LNK2005 private void thiscall Fooltintgtfoovoid  fooFooHAAEXXZ already defined in X.obj codepre  pWhen I prepend codeinlinecode to the definition of codeFooltintgtfoocode, all goes well and the linker is happy.  Also when I define them the method in a separate compilation unit e.g. intfoo.cpp.p  pNote this solution was suggested in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma14817966610httpstackoverflow.coma14817966610ap  pPossibly a misconception, but arent member functions of template classes always inline  What is the rule herep
Negative 42922 pI have an object with a custom table editor attached to the view. This table editor can have some of its column deleted by user input. When it is the case I call an update function, this function is also called at the instantiation of the object.p  precodeclass ModelListHasTraits       models  ListInstanceModel      tableeditor  TableEditor      view  ViewItemnamevariables, showlabelFalse, editortableeditor       def updateself           columns  []          for model in self.models               columns.appendObjectColumn..some stuff..          self.tableeditor.columns  columns          self.traitsmodified  True codepre  pIn the enaml layout this object is referred to like thatp  precodeenamldef MainWindow     attr modellist     Container         TraitsItem table             model  modellist codepre  pIt works well at instantiation however when a column is deleted it stays in the view and the terminal is filled with AttributeErrors. Also in the view the column is filled with Format key word. This is all logical since the view is querying an object that does not exist anymore.p  pSo my question is, how can I make the view completely reloads itself following change of my ModelList object p  pI have also tried to redefine edittraits since this is the method called by enaml while constructing the view, but the function is called only once at instantiation.p  pThanks a lot by advance.p
Negative 42922 pMy HTML form is sent to a PHP page to process. I need to add a captcha to the form but am unable to change the HTML page to PHP and so have set a session for the displayed captcha in a capcha.php page which outputs as an image within the HTML form. When the page loads the session var is set but I cannot retrieve this session in the process PHP page.  It just  firefox or chrome where I am havin this issue.  It works in IE.  p  pCode that sets session in the capcha.phpp  precodesessionstart  start a session image  imagecreate50, 20 create blank image width, height bgcolor  imagecolorallocateimage, 0, 0, 0 add background color with RGB. textcolor  imagecolorallocateimage, 255, 255, 255 add textcode color with RGB. code  rand1000, 9999 create a random number between 1000 and 9999 SESSION[code]  code add the random number to session code imagestringimage, 10, 8, 3, SESSION[code], textcolor create image with all the settings above. header Contenttype imagepng  define image type imagepngimage display image as PNG codepre  pPHP process pagep  precodesessionstart  printrSESSION[code]  codepre  pCan anyone assistp  pemstrongEDITemstrong I think its something to do with the session being set in capcha.php which is added as an image to my HTML form.  If I go to capcha.php in the browser an then to processemail.php the session is set.  So therefore its not setting when being included as an image.  Does anyone know of a way round this issuep
Negative 42922 pIm working on a ZF2 project and my publicindex.php file is like followsp  precodeltphp chdirdirnameDIR require initautoloader.php ZendMvcApplicationinitrequire configapplication.config.phpgtrun codepre  pApplication initialize process starts with using application.config.php and i know that ZF2 provides nice way to override module configurations locally via filenames like modulename.local.php but not for application.config.php file.p  pFor example, in application.config.php i have a modulelisteneroptions key like followsp  precodereturn array     modules gt array      ...     ,      modulelisteneroptions gt array         modulepaths gt array           ...          ,      configglobpaths gt array         configautoload,.global,local.php,      ,       configcacheenabled gt TRUE,      configcachekey gt configurationcache,      cachedir gt DIR . ..datacache  ...  codepre  pSo i want to disable config caching locally while working on a development environment but i want to turn it on in a production environment without need a postdeployment tricks like writing custom githook  bash script etc...p  pAlso i have a codeAPPLICATIONENVIRONMENTcode codeENVcode variable on all servers dev, prod, test I dont know what is the best approach to achieve this in ZF2.p  pI found the a hrefhttpstephen.reescarter.net201304zf2configcachingwithcomposer relnofollowStephen ReesCarters articlea, yes workarounds this problem but i want to learn is there any other  more elegant solutions which doesnt depends on composer.p
Negative 42922 blockquote   pI got a small script to split the text inside var foo after every 4 characters. It is working fine.   but my actual data is in a text file say a.txt. How do I take this entire file text in var foo. and write the split output to another text filep blockquote  precodevar foo  this is sample text   var arr  [] for var i  0 i lt foo.length i      if i  4  0 ampamp i  0         arr.pushfoo.substringi  4, i     if i  foo.length  1         arr.pushfoo.substringi  i  4, i1            document.writearr console.logarr codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pOk, for label, we got ClickHandler, ie, when we click on the label it will do something. p  pBut I want to do something like RightClickHandler for Label, ie, when user right click on the label, it will do something.p  pSome people say put the widget into DeckPanel amp do the RightClick Hanler on it. But if we have a lot of labels, then p  pdoes each label have to be put into a deck panelp  pIf that is the case then the code maybe complicated, so I want to do the RightClick handler for label just like i do normal ClickHandler. How to do dop
Negative 42922 pI am trying to play video file, for my action contentType is set top  blockquote   papplicationoctetstreamp blockquote  pnow if i change it to audiompeg, then user cant download other types of files. I would like to simply know can we set multiple content type if so how and if its not possible what should i do in a situation where user can upload and download anytype of file.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have configured omniauth, omniauthdropbox and devise for authentication using Dropbox. But every time I sign in using Dropbox it asks to authorize the app for the Dropbox account, even though I have authorized it once. How do you stop reauthorization on every time a user signs inp  pI am using a hrefhttpsgithub.comspagallocoomniauthdropbox relnofollowhttpsgithub.comspagallocoomniauthdropboxa as Dropbox strategy.p
Negative 42922 pI have an application whose deploy process builds the source code on the server Im deploying to.  My production server is Windows 2k8 not 2k8 R2.  My app is not compiling as the reference assemblies for .NET Framework 4.5 are not present.p  pIve tried installing the Windows 8 SDK and the option to install the reference assemblies isnt there.  Ive also tried installing Visual Studio Express 2012, which supposedly has the assemblies, but no luck there.  So....p  pHow do I get .NET Framework 4.5 applications to compile on a Windows Server 2k8 R1 machinep
Negative 42922 pI am using Google Client api for javscript in my phonegap application to login to Google account.p  pIt works fine with the android browsers but it doesnt work in iphone. The page just freezes after i login.p  pCan anyone let me know if there is something i need to do to make it workp  pi have already tried by using immediatefalse option.p
Negative 42922 pTrying to extend the capabilities from a open source project, I wrote a category for add a new method. In this new method, the category needs to access to an internal method from the original class, but the compiler says that it cant find the method of course, is internal. Is there any way to expose this method for the category p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI dont want to modify the original code, so I dont want to declare the internal method in the original class header file.p  pstrongThe codestrongp  pIn the original class implementation file .m, I have this method implementationp  precodeNSDictionary storeKitItems    return [NSDictionary dictionaryWithContentsOfFile           [[[NSBundle mainBundle] resourcePath] stringByAppendingPathComponent            MKStoreKitConfigs.plist]]   codepre  pIn the category, I want to add this methodp  precode voidrequestProductDataNSArray loadIdentifierBlock      NSMutableArray productsArray  [NSMutableArray array]     NSArray consumables  [[[MKStoreManager storeKitItems] objectForKeyConsumables] allKeys]     NSArray nonConsumables  [[MKStoreManager storeKitItems] objectForKeyNonConsumables]     NSArray subscriptions  [[[MKStoreManager storeKitItems] objectForKeySubscriptions] allKeys]     ifloadIdentifierBlock  nil [productsArray addObjectsFromArrayloadIdentifierBlock]     [productsArray addObjectsFromArrayconsumables]     [productsArray addObjectsFromArraynonConsumables]     [productsArray addObjectsFromArraysubscriptions]     self.productsRequest.delegate  self     [self.productsRequest start]  codepre  pIn every line in which I call codestoreKitItemscodecompiler says emClass method storeKitItems not found ...emp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to read the contents of a PDF using Apaches PDFBox and encode it in base64 so I can stream it to elsewhere. To encode it I use the Apache commons Base64OutputStream class. Like so,p  precodeByteArrayOutputStream byteOutput  new ByteArrayOutputStream Base64OutputStream base64Output  new Base64OutputStreambyteOutput List pages  pdfDocument.getDocumentCatalog.getAllPages Iterator iter  pages.iterator while iter.hasNext    PDPage page  PDPage iter.next   PDResources resources  page.getResources   MapltString, PDXObjectImagegt pageImages  resources.getImages   if pageImages  null      Iterator imageIter  pageImages.keySet.iterator     while imageIter.hasNext        String key  String imageIter.next       PDXObjectImage image  PDXObjectImage pageImages           .getkey       image.write2OutputStreambase64Output          String base64  new StringbyteOutput.toByteArray codepre  pIt seems to be encoding it but I need to verify it by writing a junit test to validate the base64 string. The following doesnt seem to pass it. Any thoughts p  precodeassertTruecontent         .matches[AZaz09]4[AZaz09]4[AZaz09]3[AZaz09]2 codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI Have an array of objects examplep  pLarger Setp  precodeArray     [0] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt monkey,                         [sub] gt help                        ,     [1] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt tooth,                         [sub] gt tip                        ,     [2] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt who,                         [sub] gt knows                        ,      codepre  pSmaller Setp  precodeArray     [0] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt monkey,                         [sub] gt help      codepre  pDesired out comep  precodeArray     [0] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt monkey,                         [sub] gt help,                         [selected] gt yes                        ,     [1] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt tooth,                         [sub] gt tip,                         [selected] gt no                        ,     [2] stdClass Object                         [ID] gt 1,                         [name] gt who,                         [sub] gt knows,                         [selected] gt no                        ,      codepre  pSo I know the above is a horrible example but for the sake of example, and keeping the post from being a mile long bare with me. What I am trying to play with which doesnt seem to be working isp  precode    foreachresultstatic as stock              foreachresultmemb as membchoice                      stockgtselected  false             echo stockgtname .  . membchoicegtname.ltbrgt             ifstockgtname  membchoicegtname                              stockgtselected  yes                               output[]  stock      codepre  pThis doesnt appear to be matching any of the actual results, and from what I gather my foreach logic is off cause either due to it relooping the second loop so many times or the first one withing the other this way, the names from each never match respectively the way I would hope.. So I am trying to look for ideas on how to better tackle this, and hopefully something a bit more optimized would be nice, but Ill take what I can get currently.p
Negative 42922 pIm new to the whole clientside SPA world.  Im using the above technologies, which seem quite promising.  However, one huge snag that I cant get over easily is the lack of builtin security.  I had to manually roll out the user authorization, which IMHO should be part of the framework.  p  pNow that I have that sorted, Im getting major headaches with vertical security where one user is logged in but can easily access other users info by changing a few parameters in the browser console.  I could pass the userId with every call and then compare it with the one on the server, but I was hoping that there would be an overarching solution that doesnt pollute the breeze data calls with user ids.p  pFor example, lets say theres a call from the data service like this p  precodefunction getItems                  var query  breeze.EntityQuery.fromItems.expandPerson          return manager.executeQueryquery  codepre  pthis will get all the items, not good.  So lets limit by userIdp  precodefunction getItemsuserId                  var query  breeze.EntityQuery.fromItems.whereuserId, , authentication.userId.expandPerson          return manager.executeQueryquery  codepre  pin the second example, we get the userId from the authentication service, which stored the userId when the user was logged in.  However, a malicious user can easily go the browser console and change that value.p  pOf course, I could pass the userId using withParameters... and compare it with the current one on the server, but Id have to do that for every call, which doesnt seem right.  Is there a better way to secure calls with the trusted user idp
Negative 42922 pI have a viewpager that has 4 webview in fragment it in. Im new with fragments and I need to adding a downloadListener and goback to the webview. Here is my code for the webview. Any help would be awesome.I have tried all kinds of stuff for two days now,  p  precode private static final String WebSettings  null  private WebView webView  private Bundle webViewBundle         Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,         Bundle savedInstanceState       LinearLayout ll  LinearLayout inflater.inflateR.layout.fragment1,         container, false        webView  WebView ll.findViewByIdR.id.webview     webView.setWebViewClientnew WebViewClient     webView.getSettings.setLoadWithOverviewModetrue     webView.setScrollBarStyleView.SCROLLBARSINSIDEOVERLAY     webView.getSettings.setJavaScriptEnabledtrue     webView.getSettings.setBuiltInZoomControlstrue     webView.getSettings.setSupportZoomtrue     webView.getSettings.setJavaScriptCanOpenWindowsAutomaticallytrue        webView.getSettings.setAllowFileAccesstrue      webView.getSettings.setDomStorageEnabledtrue     webView.getSettings.setRenderPriorityRenderPriority.HIGH           if webViewBundle  null       try         webView.loadUrlhttpwww.teamvenum.com      catch Exception e         e.printStackTrace      else          webView.restoreStatewebViewBundle             return ll                 public boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoadingWebView view, String url          view.loadUrlurl         return true             Override     public void onPause      super.onPause      webViewBundle  new Bundle     webView.saveStatewebViewBundle       codepre  pp
Negative 42922 pThis question is similar, but I think not the samep  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13276125msbuildaspnetcompileraspnetruntimestartindexerrormsbuild ASPNETCOMPILER ASPNETRUNTIME startIndex errorap  pI have a Web Application which I am trying to publish using Visual Web Developer 2010 Express.p  pIf I publish, locally, or to production server, it makes no difference and UNCHECK codePrecompile during publishingcode everything will work fine, itll publish and work, with no run time errors.p  pHowever, if I CHECK the above, then I get an errorp  precodeError   1   startIndex cannot be larger than length of string.  ASPNETCOMPILER  0   0   bms codepre  pNo other errors, and no other informationp  pCan anyone help me even begin to trace thisp
Negative 42922 pIve recently upgraded my facebook sdk to 3.5. Now however I seem to be facing this constant errorp  pFacebook error connect Write Privacy is not specified. Please tap Cancel to return to emem and try again.p  pIve split my permissions into two sets as requried publish readonly. The readonly requests work fine, however when I use the following function I get the same error as before. Below, the functionp  precode[PFFacebookUtils linkUser[PFUser currentUser]     permissionspermissions     blockBOOL succeeded, NSError error      if succeeded               [self fbResync]          blockFALSE, error          else              [[self userApi] pingServerWithLogin         [[PFUser currentUser] objectId]]         [self readFacebookUserDataWithBlockblock]      ] codepre  pWhy is this happening How can I overcome this Ive set all the relevant settings in my plist file all taken from the facebook settings page.p  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to make my first Android Calculator, the first code I wrote resulted in a calculator of small buttons, which dont resize according to the screen size. I searched the internet and found some ways to do it, and heres the part of the code responsible for that  I have 20 buttons, numbered from 0 to 19 p  precodeSuppressLintNewApi Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitywelcome     Display display  getWindowManager.getDefaultDisplay     Point size  new Point     int width,height     if Build.VERSION.SDKINT gt Build.VERSIONCODES.HONEYCOMBMR2              WindowManager w  getWindowManager         w.getDefaultDisplay.getSizesize         width  size.x         height  size.y          else              width  display.getWidth         height  display.getHeight          Button b     TextView text1  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.screen     text1.setWidthwidth     width6     height7     text1.setHeightheight     for int i0ilt20i              String ButtonName  buttoni         int ButtonId  getResources.getIdentifierButtonName, id, calculator.essam.net         b  ButtonfindViewByIdButtonId         RelativeLayout.LayoutParams par  new RelativeLayout.LayoutParamsb.getLayoutParams par.width  width par.height  height         b.setLayoutParamspar       codepre  pIn the XML File, listed are my button stronglayout rulesstrong, such as codetoLeftOfcode, codetoRightOfcode, codeabovecode, codebelowcode, codealignParentTopcode, codealignParentLeftcode, codealignParentRightcode and codealignParentBottomcode.p  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.WelcomeActivity gt   ltTextView     androidididscreen     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue     androidlayoutalignParentToptrue     androidtext gt  ltButton     androidididbutton0      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton18     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag0     androidtextstringnumber0 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton1      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton0     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidlayoutbelowidbutton4     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag1     androidtextstringnumber1 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton2      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton10     androidlayoutbelowidbutton5     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton3     androidlayouttoRightOfidbutton1     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag2     androidtextstringnumber2 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton3      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton15     androidlayoutbelowidbutton6     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton13     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag3     androidtextstringnumber3 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton4      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidlayoutbelowidbutton7     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton5     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag4     androidtextstringnumber4 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton5      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidbutton8     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton6     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag5     androidtextstringnumber5 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton6      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidbutton9     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton12     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag6     androidtextstringnumber6 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton7     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidlayoutbelowidscreen     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton8     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag7     androidtextstringnumber7 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton8      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidscreen     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton9     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag8     androidtextstringnumber8 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton9      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidscreen     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton11     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag9     androidtextstringnumber9 gt  ltButton     androidididbutton10      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton19     androidlayouttoRightOfidbutton0     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag.     androidtextstringdot gt  ltButton     androidididbutton11      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton12     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue     androidlayoutbelowidscreen     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringsignPlus gt  ltButton     androidididbutton12      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton13     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringsignMinus gt  ltButton     androidididbutton13      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton14     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringsignTimes gt  ltButton     androidididbutton14      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton17     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue     androidlayouttoRightOfidbutton15     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringsignDivide gt  ltButton     androidididbutton15      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutaboveidbutton16     androidlayouttoRightOfidbutton10     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringsignEquals gt  ltButton     androidididbutton16      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue     androidlayouttoLeftOfidbutton17     androidlayouttoRightOfidbutton19     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringopenBracket gt  ltButton     androidididbutton17      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue     androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtag     androidtextstringclosedBracket gt  ltButton     androidididbutton18      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue     androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtagCLR     androidtextstringclear     androidtextSize12sp gt  ltButton     androidididbutton19      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue     androidlayouttoRightOfidbutton18     androidminHeight0dp     androidminWidth0dp     androidonClickclick     androidtagDEL     androidtextstringbackSpace     androidtextSize12sp gt codepre  p strongThe problem isstrong when I use codeRelativeLayout.LayoutParamscode All my stronglayout rulesstrong are overwritten, and when I use codebutton.setWidthcode and codebutton.setHeightcode, the layout rules are kept the same, but the size doesnt change. Any help is welcome, Thanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to detect if the file that I am opening is a HTML file.p  pI have already tried thisp  precodetry     String file  fileName.getCanonicalPath     if file.endsWith.htm  file.endsWith.html            catch IOException e         e.printStackTrace     codepre  pBut the codefile.endsWithcode doesnt seem to be detecting anything. The codefileNamecode is the file that Im opening. Let me know if I have to post the code that I use to open the file.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to do multiple select from diff tables and just have a result in one column.p  precodeSELECT COUNT FROM tb1 union SELECT COUNT FROM tb2 union SELECT COUNT FROM tb3 codepre  poutput should be likep  precode 593643  18103600  0 codepre  pProblem with this is that the result is being arranged on desc order. Like belowp  precode 0  593643  18103600 codepre  pI would want the result to be as I put the select statement. Please advise. Btw, Im using teradata. Thank you.p
Negative 42922 pI have am migrating clients one by one from using an old doctype into using a newer one. Old doctype codeltDOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.0 TransitionalENgtcode New doctype codeltDOCTYPE htmlgtcodep  pIn the page load of the page I check the database and based on the db flag I need to set to the request one or the other.p  pHow can I set the doctype for the page from server sidep  pWhat I am doing so far is at the top of the .aspx codelt DocType gtcode and on the server side, in page load I load the protected variable named DocType. Although this is working, I am having other problems with it,s o i need some other way of doing it.p  pI tried this codelt DocType gtcode but didnt work.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pHow do I do thisp  pI have html and jquery code for type and filter table data a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nettutorialdriveYM488httpjsfiddle.nettutorialdriveYM488a , and type and tag data in same input box, but i want to merge both.p  pI have tag code also but lost its library name so im unable to add that on jsfiddle,p  pi.e when I type in search name, or click on table data 01 Name Last name, etc.. Data should be tagged in above tag area test x, test x.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTm1Fr.png altenter image description herep  pHere is my html and jquery code for search in tablep  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precode        lt table for search and filter start gt     ltlabel forkwdsearchgtSearchltlabelgt ltinput typetext idkwdsearch valuegt       lttable idmytable border1 stylebordercollapsecollapsegt         lttheadgt             lttrgt                 ltthgtNameltthgt                 ltthgtSportsltthgt                 ltthgtCountryltthgt             lttrgt         lttheadgt         lttbodygt             lttrgt                 lttdgtSachin Tendulkarlttdgt                 lttdgtCricketlttdgt                 lttdgtIndialttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtTiger Woodslttdgt                 lttdgtGolflttdgt                 lttdgtUSAlttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtMaria Sharapovalttdgt                 lttdgtTennislttdgt                 lttdgtRussialttdgt             lttrgt         lttbodygt     lttablegt      lt table for search and filter ends gt codepre  pstrongJquery Codestrongp  precode         jquery for search nad filter table start      document.readyfunction          Write on keyup event of keyword input element         kwdsearch.keyupfunction              When value of the input is not blank         var termthis.val             if term                                 Show only matching TR, hide rest of them                 mytable tbodygttr.hide             mytable td.filterfunction                return this.text.toLowerCase.indexOfterm  gt1             .parenttr.show                          else                               When there is no input or clean again, show everything back                 mytable tbodygttr.show                                  jquery for search nad filter table ends codepre
Negative 42922 pI have created a CheckIn policy using Visual C 2008 and i am trying to add it to VS2008 checkIn policies in Windows 7. I have created a keyCheckForCommentsPolicy in  codeHKEYLOCALMACHINESOFTWAREMicrosoftVisualStudio9.0TeamFoundationSourceControlCheckin Policiescode and added value CheckForCommentsPolicy.dll. After i opened VS2008 and i cant find newly added policy in the source control.Later I found out that i had referenced a new version of codeMicrosoft.TeamFoundation.VersionControl.Client.dllcode file.So i added reference to same version of .dll.Now checkIn policy is visible in list but while adding some internal error occuring.  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comktHLa.png altenter image description herep  pSame code built in VS2012 is working fine in VS2012. Why its not working in VS2008anything i am missingp
Negative 42922 pI have created with MySQL 5.5 a table1 with a multiplecolumn primary key, created from two FLOAT columns. I want to create a table2 with a single foreign key that points to the primary key of table1. p  pIs it possible How can I do it, and its possible  its fast to do using phpmyadmin GUIp
Negative 42922 pI have the following client and server which uses SSLp  pClient code desktopp  precode        SSLSocket socket SSLSocketsslsf.createSocketip,Constants.CHATSERVERPORT         final String[] enabledCipherSuites  socket.getSupportedCipherSuites         socket.setEnabledCipherSuitesenabledCipherSuites  codepre  pServer Code Androidp  precode        SSLServerSocket ssSSLServerSocketsslssf.createServerSocketConstants.CHATSERVERPORT         final String[] enabledCipherSuites  ss.getSupportedCipherSuites         ss.setEnabledCipherSuitesenabledCipherSuites                  whiletrue                             Socket sss.accept          codepre  pI am using them without truststore and keystore. Are they mandatoryp
Negative 42922 pstrongShort Versionstrongbr Is there a way to get atinspect the command that Eclipse uses to build my maven project, in order to run that command from the command linep  pstrongLong Versionstrongbr Im trying to set up an automated builddeploy process, which uses maven from the command line. Basically what I want to do isp  ul liRun a Maven Buildli liKill the running serverli liDelete the current .war and exploded directoryli liCopy built .war file to serverli liStart the serverli ul  pThe build process on my developer machine is tightly integrated with Eclipse. Ive attached a server emTomcat 6em which I can stopstartpublish etc all within Eclipse.p  pHowever when I build from the command line using codemvn clean packagecode still on my development machine, the package that is built does not seem to build correctly the build is successful, but encounters errors upon deployment.p  pNow I could probably spend some time trying to figure out the perfect command to get it properly working, but I figured that if it works within Eclipse, I could probably find the emexactem command that is needed. But I cant seem to find it.p  pIs it possible to get at this commandp  pstrongSystem Infostrong  p  ul listrongOSstrong Windows 7li listrongEclipse Versionstrong Juno Service Release 2 Build id 201302250426li listrongServerstrong Tomcat 6.0.32li listrongMavenstrong  3.0.5li listrongJavastrong JDK 6.043li ul
Negative 42922 pI have a DataGrid style template that I wish to add double click behaviour to.  The binding should be correct but I cannot seem to get the xaml compiling  working.p  blockquote   pAll objects added to an IDictionary must have a Key attribute   or some other type of key associated with them.p blockquote  pWhat is wrong with the code belowp  precodeltStyle TargetTypexType DataGridRowgt     ltEventSetter EventMouseDoubleClick HandlerBinding Connectgt codepre  pUpdate per Viktors comment gives exact same errorp  precodeltStyle xKeydataGridRowStyle TargetTypexType DataGridRowgt     ltEventSetter EventPreviewMouseDoubleClick HandlerBinding Connectgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have been using Knockout.js for a lot of projects lately, and I am writing a lot of repetitive code. I would like to be able to define a codeBaseViewModelcode class and have my pagespecific ViewModels inherit from it. I am a bit confused about how to do this is Javascript. Here is my basic codeBaseViewModelcodep  precodefunction ko, undefined      ko.BaseViewModel  function           var self  this         self.items  ko.observable[]         self.newItem           self.dirtyItems  ko.computedfunction               return self.items.filterfunction item                  return item.dirtyFlag.isDirty                               self.isDirty  ko.computedfunction               return self.dirtyItems.length gt 0                  self.load  function         ko codepre  pI would like to be able to list signatures for methods like codeloadcode in the codeBaseViewModelcode and then give them definitions in the inheriting ViewModel. Is any of this possible I have found a few solutions online but they all rely on defining functionsclasses to make the inheritance work.p
Negative 42922 pI need to know exactly what my codesign identity is.  Where can I find that  And what is the usual format for a codesign identity  Thank youp
Negative 42922 pI have googled a lot and didnt find the solution. I am using alert dialog with Email codeEditTextcode and two buttons Submit and Cancel and based on the conditions i need to show different alerts. but im getting force close error and codelogcatcode showsp  precode        0516 131648.281 EAndroidRuntime13572 java.lang.IllegalStateException The specified child already has a parent. You must call removeView on the childs parent first. 0516 131648.281 EAndroidRuntime13572    at android.view.ViewGroup.addViewInnerViewGroup.java1976 0516 131648.281 EAndroidRuntime13572    at android.view.ViewGroup.addViewViewGroup.java1871 0516 131648.281 EAndroidRuntime13572    at android.view.ViewGroup.addViewViewGroup.java1851 codepre  pand below is the code to display alert dialogs with in the alert dialogsp  pforgotPasswordMailAlert is p  precodeprivate void forgotPasswordMailAlertString AlertText          final AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.Builderthis      builder.setMessageAlertText        .setCancelabletrue        .setPositiveButtonOK, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener             public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int id              dialog.cancel             dialog.dismiss                         AlertDialog alert  builder.create     alert.show      codepre  pI searched a lot in Stackoverflow as well. Can u please help me where i need to change the code. Please help me how to resolve this issue. p
Negative 42922 pI am not sure if this is even a valid question. I am not a master at understanding the workings of system. One of my program writes logs to a text file. Another email program runs on scheduler and emails and archives the log file if found in the folder.  My question is, If at any given instant if the first program is writing information into the file and at the same time email scheduler runs what will happen Will the email program be able to mail the file and archive it If Yes, will the earlier program writing the file crash How to handle this scenario without crashing either programsp
Negative 42922 pI have a contenteditable div. It starts out with some children. There is also a textarea. When enter is pressed, the contents of the div are copied to the textbox.p  pMy problem is that any new elements, made by editing the div, are not copied with the same formatting as the original children  the text is smushed together. Their html looks the same so this is odd. I need to see where a new line starts.p  precodeltdiv id  e contenteditable  truegt     ltdivgtline 1ltdivgt     ltdivgtline 2ltdivgt ltdivgt  lttextarea id  tagtlttextareagt   jquery document.keypressfunctione      ife.which  13   enter        ta.vale.text       codepre  pI edit the div, adding a few lines and pressing enter. The div now looks like this Chrome inspect elementp  precodeltdiv id  e contenteditable  truegt     ltdivgtline 1ltdivgt     ltdivgtline 2ltdivgt      ltdivgtline 3ltdivgt      ltdivgtline 4ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThis also appears as 4 lines. However, in the textarea it looks like thisp  precodeline 1 line 2line3line4 codepre  pI need it to look the same as on the page with 4 separate lines.p  pIn this example, I could look at the div and add the line breaks myself. However, the editable div might actually contain much more complex html, the result of copypaste. p  pThis is related to my wanting to clean up copypasted text. That seems to involve moving the text to a textarea and then back again. However, I need to know if a new line starts. p
Negative 42922 pI want to fire an onChange event for hidden field,  Most of the forums Ive read suggests that onChange doesnt work for hidden fields,  So is there a way around for that, something like PlanBp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to add a customer and an invoice to QuickBooks, but neither appear. QuickBooks responds with this XMLp  pa hrefhttppastebin.comPLsFbA6N relnofollowhttppastebin.comPLsFbA6Nap  pMy code for adding customers and invoices appears to work and I see no errorsp  precodepublic Customer BuildCustomerAddRqJMAOrder Order               Construct subordinate required records         BuildStandardTermsAddRqWeb Order           build the main customer record         Customer QBCustomerAdd  new Customer         var Customer  Order.BillingAddress         var Billing  Order.BillingAddress          PhysicalAddress phy  new PhysicalAddress           if the setting is that all orders go under the same customer ID, then push           the address lines down one and store the customer name on address line 1.         if qboSettings.CustomerID  SingleName                      QBCustomerAdd.DBAName  Web Store             QBCustomerAdd.Email  new EmailAddress[]  new EmailAddress  Address  infowebstore.com, Tag  new string[]  Business                QBCustomerAdd.GivenName  Web             QBCustomerAdd.Active  true             QBCustomerAdd.FamilyName  Store             phy.Line1  Web Store             phy.Line2               phy.Tag  new string[]  Billing                    else                      QBCustomerAdd.DBAName  GetCustIdOrder             QBCustomerAdd.Email  new EmailAddress[]  new EmailAddress  Address  Customer.Email, Tag  new string[]  Business                QBCustomerAdd.GivenName  Customer.FirstName             QBCustomerAdd.Active  true             QBCustomerAdd.FamilyName  Customer.LastName             if String.IsNullOrEmptyCustomer.PhoneNumber                              QBCustomerAdd.Phone  new TelephoneNumber[]  new TelephoneNumber  FreeFormNumber  Customer.PhoneNumber, Tag  new string[]  Business                               phy.Line1  Billing.Address1             if String.IsNullOrEmptyBilling.Address2                              phy.Line2  Billing.Address2                           phy.City  Billing.City             if Billing.RegionName  null                              phy.CountrySubDivisionCode  Billing.RegionName                          phy.PostalCode  Billing.PostalCode             phy.Country  Billing.CountryName             phy.Tag  new string[]  Billing                      build add request and exit         QBCustomerAdd.Address  new PhysicalAddress[]  phy          try                      Customer cu  dataServices.AddQBCustomerAdd             return cu                  catch Exception ex                      ErrorMessageDataSource.Insertnew ErrorMessageMessageSeverity.Error, QBO, String.FormatError adding customer  0, ex.ToString             Customer ct  new Customer             return ct           codepre  pWhen I run Intuit Sync Manager, I see no new customer or invoice. Is it possible to add new customers to QuickBooksp
Negative 42922 pIm working on a PowerShell library that automates some network management operations. Some of these operations have arbitrary delays, and each can fail in unique ways. To handle these delays gracefully, Im creating a generic retry function that has three main purposesp  ol liExecute an arbitrary command with parametersli liIf it fails in a recognized way, try it again, up to some limitli liIf it fails in an unexpected way, bail and reportli ol  pThe problem is item 2. I want to be able to specify the expected exception type for the command. How can I do this in PowerShellp  pHeres my functionp  precodeFunction RetryCommand      [CmdletBinding]     Param         [ParameterMandatoryTrue, Position0]         [String] name,          [ParameterMandatoryTrue, Position1]         [String] scriptBlock,          [String[]] argumentList,         [Int] maxAttempts3,         [Int] retrySeconds10,         [System.Exception] retryException[System.Management.Automation.RuntimeException]          attempts  1     keepTrying  True     cmd  [ScriptBlock]Createscriptblock     do          try              ampcmd argumentList             keepTrying  False             WriteVerbose Command [commandName] succeeded after attmpts attempts.          catch [retryException]              msg  Command [commandName] failed. Attempt attempts of maxAttempts.             WriteVerbose msg             if maxAttempts gt attempts                  WriteDebug Sleeping retrySeconds                 StartSleep Seconds retrySeconds              else                  keepTrying  False                 WriteDebug Reached attempts attempts. Reraising exception.                 Throw .Exception                       catch [System.Exception]              keepTrying  False             msg  Unexpected exception while executing command [CommandName]              WriteError msg  .Exception.ToString             Throw .Exception          finally              attempts  1               while True eq keepTrying  codepre  pI call it like thisp  precoderesult  RetryCommand Name  Foo the bar ScriptBlock cmd ArgumentList cmdArgs codepre  pBut this is the resultp  precodeRetryCommand  Cannot process argument transformation on parameter retryException.  Cannot convert the System.Management.Automation.RuntimeException value of type System.RuntimeType to type System.Exception. At Foo.ps1111 char11  result  RetryCommand ltltltlt  Name Foo the bar ScriptBlock cmd ArgumentList cmdArgs      CategoryInfo           InvalidData  [RetryCommand], ParameterBindin...mationException      FullyQualifiedErrorId  ParameterArgumentTransformationError,RetryCommand codepre  pThis seems to be saying that the emtypeem of code[System.Management.Automation.RuntimeException]code is not itself a code[System.Exception]code, but is instead a code[System.RuntimeType]code which makes sense.p  pSo, how do I specify the type of the exception to be caughtp
Negative 42922 pIve got 3 tables, products, productspercategory and category.  You can choose a category, after which you get all products from that category listed.p  pBut I cannot seem to get this to work. p  pI am using entity framework, I have created 2 entitydatasources, one for products and one for productspercategory. Ive got the ID from the category in a variable in code.p  pI have added a where parameter to the productspercategory entitydatasource.p  precode ltWhereParametersgt                 ltaspControlParameter ControlIDcategoryID Namecategoryid PropertyNameValue gt  ltWhereParametersgt codepre  pBut now I need to add a where parameter to the products entitydatasource to show only the products that are in the productspercategory entitydatasource. How can I do thisp  pDatabase structurep  pCategory table contains name, categoryID Productspercategory table contains id, categoryID, productID Product table contains productID, namep  pSo I want to get all product names in an entitydatasource that belong to the selected categoryIDp
Negative 42922 pI wan to create a classifier in order to identify an insect by its captured image. At the first time, I used HuMomemnts but images captured in different resolutions gave incorrect results since HuMoments are scale variant. After doing some search on the internet, I found that usage SIFT and SURF can solve my problem and thus, I tried to see what happens when I use SIFT. The first two images below belongs to to different insect kind. The results was bizarre since all features out of 400 were matching see 3rd image.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsXOaL.jpg altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comq7klS.jpg altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comO2lLC.jpg altenter image description herep  precodeint main  Mat src  imreadfirstInsect Mat src2  imreadsecondInsect  ifsrc.empty  src2.empty      printfCan not read one of the imagen     return 1   Detect key point in the image SiftFeatureDetector detector400 vectorltKeyPointgt keypoints detector.detectsrc, keypoints  cout ltlt keypoints.size ltlt  of keypoints are found ltlt endl  cvFileStorage fsfirstInsectXML, FileStorageWRITE detector.writefs fs.release   SiftFeatureDetector detector2400 vectorltKeyPointgt keypoints2 detector.detectsrc2, keypoints2  cvFileStorage fs2secondInsectXML,  FileStorageWRITE detector.writefs2 fs2.release   Compute the SIFT feature descriptors for the keypoints Multiple features can be extracted from a single keypoint, so the result is a matrix where row i is the list of features for keypoint i  SiftDescriptorExtractor extractor Mat descriptors extractor.computesrc, keypoints, descriptors  SiftDescriptorExtractor extractor2 Mat descriptors2 extractor.computesrc2, keypoints2, descriptors2   Print some statistics on the matrices returned Size size  descriptors.size coutltltQuery descriptors height ltltsize.heightltlt  width ltltsize.widthltlt  area ltltsize.area ltlt  nonzero ltltcountNonZerodescriptorsltltendl    saveKeypointskeypoints, detector   Mat output drawKeypointssrc, keypoints, output, Scalar0, 0, 255, DrawMatchesFlagsDEFAULT imwritefirstInsectPicture, output  Mat output2 drawKeypointssrc2, keypoints2, output2, Scalar0, 0, 255, DrawMatchesFlagsDEFAULT imwritesecondInsectPicture, output2    Corresponded points BFMatcher matcherNORML2 vectorltDMatchgt matches matcher.matchdescriptors, descriptors2, matches  coutltlt Number of matches ltltmatches.sizeltltendl  Mat imgmatches drawMatchessrc, keypoints, src2, keypoints2, matches, imgmatches imwriteresultPicture, imgmatches   systemPAUSE waitKey10000  return 0 codepre  pQuestion 1 Why all of the features are matching in these two imagesp  pQuestion 2 How can I storei.e. XML file features of an image in a way that the features can be stored in order to train them in a classification tree i.e. random treep
Negative 42922 pI would like to know if the following code is valid.br In particular, Im confused about the lifetime of the objects involved here after a call to newS.br From my understanding, T will be copied when processing the initializer list and possibly in the vector move constructor.br What about the RValue vector  is it still valid after returning from newS  I would say no but Im definitely not sure p  precodestruct T      int t   struct S      SstdvectorltTgtampamp s  sstdforwardltstdvectorltTgtgts       stdvectorltTgt s   S newS    return new S1, 2, 3  codepre
Negative 42922 pI have created a form, once people submit it should go to the email and insert to table also,  the second part is working, but its not getting to configured email.  the code is below, Im I doing anything wrong Im not getting any error by the way.p  precodeltphp includeconnect.php  ifissetPOST[email]   emailto  myemailgmail.com  emailsubject  Here is a message for you    function diederror   echo We are very sorry, but there were errors found with the form you submitted.   echo These errors appear below.ltbr gtltbr gt  echo error.ltbr gtltbr gt  echo Please go back and fix these errors.ltbr gtltbr gt  die      ifissetPOST[name]   issetPOST[vehicleN]   issetPOST[pickup]   issetPOST[pickupdate]   issetPOST[pickuptime]   issetPOST[return]   issetPOST[returndate]   issetPOST[returntime]  issetPOST[email]    issetPOST[mobile]   issetPOST[message]   diedWe are sorry, but there appears to be a problem with the form you submitted.    vehitypePOST[vehicleN] pickupPOST[pickup] pdatePOST[pickupdate] ptimePOST[pickuptime] returnPOST[return] rdatePOST[returndate] rtimePOST[returntime]  name  POST[name]  emailfrom  POST[email]  mobile  POST[mobile]  message  POST[message]  errormessage    emailexp  [AZaz09.][AZaz09.].[AZaz]2,4  ifpregmatchemailexp,emailfrom   errormessage . The Email Address you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt    stringexp  [AZaz .]  ifpregmatchstringexp,name   errormessage . The Name you entered does not appear to be valid.ltbr gt      ifstrlenmessage lt 2  errormessage . The Message you entered do not appear to be valid.ltbr gt   ifstrlenerrormessage gt 0   diederrormessage   emailmessage  Form details below.nn      function cleanstringstring   bad  arraycontenttype,bcc,to,cc,href  return strreplacebad,,string   emailmessage . Vehicle .cleanstringvehicleN.n  emailmessage . pickup .cleanstringpickup.n  emailmessage . pickupdate .cleanstringpickupdate.n  emailmessage . pickuptime .cleanstringpickuptime.n  emailmessage . return .cleanstringreturn.n  emailmessage . returndate .cleanstringreturndate.n  emailmessage . returntime .cleanstringreturntime.n  emailmessage . Name .cleanstringname.n  emailmessage . Email .cleanstringemailfrom.n  emailmessage . Telephone .cleanstringmobile.n  emailmessage . Message .cleanstringmessage.n   headers  From .emailfrom.rn.  ReplyTo .emailfrom.rn .  XMailer PHP . phpversion  mailemailto, emailsubject, emailmessage, headers  queryinsert into booking set vehiTypevehitype, datePickpdate,timePickptime,dateRetrdate,timeRetrtime, namename, emailemailfrom, mobmobile, messagemessage, areaPickpickup, areaRetreturn   mysqlquery query or die could not updated.mysqlerror header Locationsucess.php exit  gt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am making an desktop application in c. In that application I am  using one server application which is always sending data at particular port and I am reading data from that port in client application.Desktop Application. Whenever first time I am requesting data Creates socket connection and read data from that port It works fine. But if I pause the receiving of data and restarts creates socket again and tried to read data from server port , my application gets stuck at codeNetworkStream.Readcode method. I checked in wireshark and its showing that server is sending data at that port but my application remains stuck. I am not getting what is the exact problem. I have properly closed the sockets created.Any type of help will be appreciated.p  pI am using code asp  precodeTcpClient  mRtspSocket  new TcpClientCommon.MAddress, Common.Port NetworkStream mRtspStream  mRtspSocket.GetStream mRtspStream.Socket.ReceiveBufferSize  8  1024  1024            int BytesToRead  PacketSize      byte[] RTSPData  new byte[PacketSize]      WhileIsServiceRunning                    bytesRead  mRtspStream.ReadRTSPData, 0, BytesToRead        Processing of received data      codepre
Negative 42922 pIve been using the onStart method for a while and it works no problem, but when I try to override onBadRequest, I get an errorp  pHeres the classp  precodeimport models.User import play.Application import play.GlobalSettings import play.Logger import play.mvc.Result import views.html.errorpage  import static play.mvc.Results.badRequest   public class Global extends GlobalSettings       Override     public void onStartApplication app         Logger.infoApplication started          Check if the database is empty         ifUser.find.findRowCount0             Ebean.saveList Yaml.loadinitialdata.yml                    Override     public void onStopApplication app         Logger.infoApplication stopped           Override     public Result onBadRequestString uri, String error          Logger.infoBad Request         return badRequesterrorpage.render        codepre  pThe first two work no problem, but the third one causes the error.p  pa hrefhttpwww.playframework.comdocumentationapi2.0javaplayGlobalSettings.htmlonBadRequest28java.lang.String,20java.lang.String29 relnofollowHereas the API entryp
Negative 42922 pIn order to make single interface for app getting data from different datasources I created one stored procedure where I try to keep all data accesshandling routines. Current situationp  ul liSql Server sp receives fixed number of parameters and should return recordsets taken from remote servers  li liremote servers represented as Linked Servers based on Sql Sqrver Express both sidesli lisome Linked Servers are just connection points lead to local OLE DB file datasources others have db on Sql Server itselfli liremote data structures vary a lot and for each Linked Server should be kept special list of queries with variables handlingli ul  pExample of query  p  precodeselect  from OPENQUERYlinkedA, select f1 as id,f2 as name from  openrowsetVFPOLEDB,cprogramdbTable.FPT ,SELECT   FROM Table  where f11 codepre  pWhen source is Sql Server based  p  precodeselect  from OPENQUERYlinkedB, select f3 as id,f4 as name from [db].[dbo].[Table] where f31 codepre  pAs I need to handle not only connection properties linked server name but query parameters db, scheme and variables declared and existing in local sp runtime I have some problemsp  ol liMaking default queries is a mess  parameters and variables parsing makes code unreadableli liBecause of handling variables I possibly need to turn to codespexecutesqlcode to simplify the processli liNot sure about the way of keeping query codes  should it be in codeconfigtablecode as xml or smth.li ol    precodeltConfig id1 namelinkedB dbdblinkedB schemedbo version1.0.1gt   ltActionsgt     ltAction id0 nameQuery 1gtselect  from OPENQUERYlinkedB,select f3 as id,f4 as name from [db].[dbo].[Table] where f31ltActiongt   ltActionsgt ltConfiggt codepre  pstrongQuestionstrong Is there any bestpractices availablebr According to subject of this topic I am looking for best way to organize query templates just passing them some parameters with possibility to use default or special code.p
Negative 42922 pHave the following in an AngularJS controllerp  precodescope.initiatives  .wherescope.initiatives, istatusidOpen codepre  pIt works fine to filter down the list based on a field if the property value is exactly Open. p  pHow do you use wildcard in the filter value so that it picks up Open  Pending if I search for all the ones that contain Openp
Negative 42922 pIn one of the erb template in my Rails application, I am generating a text area dynamically from a loop and the number of text areas just depends on the user. Below is the text area given.p  precodelt textareatag fields[i][name],, classgtvalidate[required,funcCall[checkHELLO]] textinput options, stylegtwidth115px height19px borderd1d1d1 1px solid gt codepre  pAs you can see, the name is different for different text area and is dynamically generated throgh the loop. Class name is the same, but having multiple names and it is integrated with TinyMCE. I need to get the content of these text areas. But, If I give an id to identify the text area, it will be the same for all text area since it is generated from a loop. I need some way to get the contents of these text areas. Can anyone help me for the samep  pThanks p
Negative 42922 pI want to Hide the status bar for my tablets, adding a transparent tape to the status bar that locks the touch event, but my problem is that the bar displayed on the top and not down on the status bar. how do to change its position. p  precodeView disableStatusBar  new Viewthis             disableStatusBar.setBackgroundColorColor.BLUE              WindowManager.LayoutParams handleParams  new WindowManager.LayoutParams                 WindowManager.LayoutParams.FILLPARENT,  50,                  This allows the view to be displayed over the status bar                 WindowManager.LayoutParams.TYPESYSTEMALERT,or other typesystem make same                  this is to keep button presses going to the background window                 WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGNOTFOCUSABLE                   this is to enable the notification to recieve touch events                 WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGNOTTOUCHMODAL                   Draws over status bar                 WindowManager.LayoutParams.TYPESTATUSBARPANEL,                 PixelFormat.TRANSLUCENT              handleParams.gravity  Gravity.CLIPHORIZONTAL  Gravity.TOP             getWindow.addContentViewdisableStatusBar, handleParams codepre
Negative 42922 pi am new to programming so this might be a bit strange question.p  pI have a simple Form with couple of TextBoxes. I need to Validate user input, so i created Validating events for this TextBoxes.p  precodePrivate Sub txtTestValidatingsender As Object, ByVal e As System.ComponentModel.CancelEventArgs Handles txtTest.Validating     ValidateInputMinMaxCTypesender, Control, e End Sub codepre  pFrom this event handler i call private sub emValidateInputMinMaxem, where i use p  precodeErrorProvider.SetError codepre  pand p  precodee.canle  True codepre  pbased on some validation criteria. I have couple of this handlers and private subs, that i would like to move from emForm Classem to new custom Class. Can this be donep  pI tried copying all this to custom class and declaring witheventsp  precodeDim WithEvents txtTest as TextBox codepre  pNow i am stuck. Am i even on the right trackp
Negative 42922 pIs there a simple way to restart your repo to revision 0 For instance, I loading in a dump file which introduced a series of revisions. Now, I want to revert my repository back to revision 0.p  pMy attemptp  precodesvnadmin create loader svnadmin load loader lt somedump.dump svnadmin dump r 0 gt rev0.dump svnadmin load loader lt rev0.dump codepre  pHowever, nothing happens when I do the steps above. Why is this Is it because loading a dump doesnt overwrite a previously loaded dump when the revision numbers overlapp
Negative 42922 pBasically, I need to get an array of route value keys from a route string. Regex is looking like the way, but I cant seem to get the regex down.p  pFrom codecontrolleractionidcodep  pTo a codestring[]code with values, codecontroller, action, idcodep  pHeres the closest I got codeRegex.Spliturl, .codep  pBut Im getting unusual results codecontroller, action, idcodep
Negative 42922 pI have a codeASPxComboBoxcode for which Im binding data based on 2 conditions. Now,I need to show codeColorcode for items in codecomboboxcode based on condition.p  pMy Code p  precodevar dataMainBranchUsers  from xx in VDC.SURVEYUSERDETAILS                                                where xx.BRANCHID  1 ampamp xx.USERLEVEL  2  xx.USERLEVEL  5                                                select new                                                                                                    xx.USERNAME,                                                    xx.USERID,                                                    xx.USERLEVEL                                                .ToList                      DataTable dtMainBranchUsers  LINQToDataTabledataMainBranchUsers                      for int i  0 i lt dtMainBranchUsers.Rows.Count i                                              string strlevel  dtMainBranchUsers.Rows[i][USERLEVEL].ToString                         string struser  dtMainBranchUsers.Rows[i][USERNAME].ToString                         if strlevel  2                                                      dtMainBranchUsers.Rows[i][USERNAME]  struser    Admin                                                  else                                                      dtMainBranchUsers.Rows[i][USERNAME]  struser    Survey User                                                                    CmbUserName.TextField  USERNAME                     CmbUserName.ValueField  USERID                     CmbUserName.DataSource  dtMainBranchUsers                     CmbUserName.DataBind codepre  pNow, I need to differentiate based on codeUSERLEVELcode and show colors. Is this possiblep
Negative 42922 pI am having a problem changing the input value text to reflect the same on the site in real time. I am able to change the buttons text value in the html but it does not reflect the change on the site. I assume this is bc it changes the value after the page loads. Is there a way to make this happen I need to change its value to Spanish and this cart page is a hosted solution so it must be done by javascriptjQuery.p  pAny help would be awesomep  pLive example a hrefhttpswww.mcssl.comSecureCartCheckout.aspxmidA3C369898F1B4C02B59CB62589F52BDBampsctokend31d3c20452f48b684ebbf476aec968bampbhcp1 relnofollowhttpswww.mcssl.comSecureCartCheckout.aspxmidA3C369898F1B4C02B59CB62589F52BDBampsctokend31d3c20452f48b684ebbf476aec968bampbhcp1ap  pHere is the code. p  precode document .readyfunction  .actions input.returncart.valRetornar al Carrito  codepre  pHere is the html that shows it changed.p  precodeltdiv classactionsgt ltinput typesubmit classbutton returncart idctl00ctl00mainContentscPageContentbackToCartButton valueRetornar al Carrito namectl00ctl00mainContentscPageContentbackToCartButtongt ltdivgt codepre  pHowever the button shows Return to Cart instead of Retornar al Carritop
Negative 42922 pIn jQueryp  precodehtml head.length                              1 codepre  pAndp  precodehtml.findhead.length                      1 codepre  pAndp  precodehtml.findhead.filterhtml head.length  1 codepre  pBUTp  precodehtml.findhtml head.length                 0 codepre  pWhyp
Negative 42922 pI have a python s byte array bbhello and I want to use it as the parameter of QtextStream to create a QtextStream object ,but QtextStream accept Qts byte array rather than Pythons .I wonder is there anyway to to convert python s byte array to QByteArray p  pIve tested the following code ,it seems I cannot do it in this way .p  precodegtgtgt bbhello gtgtgt from PyQt4.QtCore import  gtgtgt cQTextStreamQByteArrayb.readAll gtgtgt c  gtgtgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a HashSet containing custom objects generated from reading a binary file. I also have a dictionary generated from reading each row of a DBF file. Theres an index property on both that line up with each other. For example, the 10th item in my Dictionary will line up with the 10th item in my HashSet.p  pI am comparing LARGE amounts of data against each other. There can be anywhere from 10,000 records to 500,000. The application checks the other two files one binary, the other is a dbf for differences. It checks the hashcode of the object which is generated by certain properties, it does this comparison fast and easyp  pHere is how I build each individual dictionary there is a similar one for mod as wellp  precodeforeach DataRow row in origDbfFile.datatable.Rows      string str       foreach String columnName in columnNames              str    row.FieldltObjectgtcolumnName          origDRdict.Addd, str     d  codepre  pThe columns between the two files will always be the same. However I can run into two different files with different columns. I essentially output all data into a string for dictionary lookup. I only want to hit the DBF file again if the data is different.p  pHere is my code for DB lookup. This will find differences, its just really slow when it runs the ELSE section of my foundIt if block. If I remove it, it only takes one minute to list all not found items.p  precodeforeach CustomClass customclass in origCustomClassList      Boolean foundIt  false     if modCustomClassList.Containscustomclass              foundIt  true          at this point, an element has not been found     if foundIt              notFoundRecords.Addcustomclass            If I remove this entire else block, code runs fast.     else at this point an element has been found                       check modified dictionary array         if modDRdict.ContainsValueorigDRdict[i]                      at this point, the coordinates are the same,              however there are DB changes             this is where I would do a full check based on indexes              to show changes.                     i since hashsets cant be indexed, we need to increment  codepre  pstrongWhat Ive tried  Other Thoughtsstrongp  pGenerating a HashSet of Custom Objects, custom object having an index of an integer, and string being the length of columns and valuesp  pRemoving if modDRdict.ContainsValueorigDRdict[i] block makes code significantly quicker. Time to iterate removed records between two 440,000 record files only takes one minute. strongThe dictionary lookup is taking foreverstrong p  pI dont think the foreach loop within the foreach loop is causing too much overhead. If I keep it in the code, but dont do a lookup then it still runs quick.p
Negative 42922 precodeltselect id  formMonths multiple  multiple name  formMonths[]gt ltoption value1gtitem1ltoptiongt ltoption value2gtitem2ltoptiongt ltoption value3gtitem3ltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pThen the array would look similar to belowp  precode assuming all elements were selected printrREQUEST[formMonths]  array      0 gt 1     1 gt 2     2 gt 3  codepre  pThe array will have keys starting at zero. How could you control what the keys are So instead of starting at zero, they would start at one. And to take it a bit further, would it be possible to make the keys even more unique so instead of a number have, persay, a datep
Negative 42922 pSo a DFS should detect cycles in a directed graph. If it reaches a node that has already been visited previously, i.e. it finds a backedge, then we have a cycle. p  pI found a graph in which I cant see how this is the case. I know there must be a flaw in how Im thinking, so if anyone can help me out it would be great. p  pSo heres the graph with the adjacency list drawing it didnt exactly work...p  blockquote   pA  Bbr   B  C, Dbr   C  Fbr   D  Ebr   E br   F  E  p blockquote  pAssuming the DFS starts from A, and when it gets to B, pushes C before D to the stack, then it will reach node E first, and then mark it visited. Then it will pop node C, go to F, then find E in Fs adjacency list and E is already visited, thus giving a cycle. But theres really no cycle in the graph.p  pWheres the flaw in my reasoningp
Negative 42922 pI have a Gmap Control where i add lots of pointsmarkers via c code. Directly after i add the marker i add a GListener to all the markers.p  pNow i have a  few buttons on the web page that when a user clicks one of them the map gets refreshed to show only relative markers. Everything works fine when the user clicks the first button but when the user clicks on any other button the Glistener just doesnt work but the markers does change accordingly.p  pHere is some code where i add the markers and listeners.p  precodemarker  new GMarkernew GLatLnglat, lng, new GIconGicon                  clicklistener  new GListenermarker.ID, GListener.Event.click, string.Formatfunctionvar wnew google.maps.InfoWindoww.setContentltcentergtltbgt0ltbgtltcentergtltbrgtltcentergt3ltcentergtltbrgtltcentergt4ltcentergtltbrgtltcentergt5ltcentergtltbrgtltcentergt6ltcentergtw.open1, 2, SName   ,   FacType, GMap1.GMapId, marker.ID, Printer Status   PrinterStatus.ToString  , Battery   Sbat  V  Signal   SSignal  , Scanner Status   ScannerStatus.ToString, SMS Received   Sreceived   , SMS Sent   Ssent, Last SMS Date   SsmsDate.ToString   , Last Comms Date   ScommsDate.ToString codepre  pThe Marker and clicklistener is globally defined and gets added to the map via gmap1.addmarker and gmap1.addclicklistener any ideasp  pRegards Patrickp
Negative 42922 pI was trying to install Websphere portal express V 8.0 on my machine, but it fails with the following errorp  pstrongError during postinstall configure phase ConfigEngine.batstrongp  pThe error details as in the log file are as followsp  precodeFAILURELOGDIRnull  BUILD FAILED Cibmportalportalbasewp.db.implconfigincludeswp.db.implcfg.xml598 The following error occurred while executing this line  CibmportalConfigEngineconfigincludessetupdbcfg.xml429 The following error occurred while executing this line  CibmportalConfigEngineconfigincludesdbcfgmgr.xml463 exec returned 4 codepre  pI am installing on a windows 7 machine, any help is appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pI have an Android device. I want to fill a form in my app, with edittexts etc one of these fields would take the path of an image on the SDCard. I want these form contents to be the data for an HTML form in an external website where this file from the SD Card needs to be uploaded. The HTML form has an upload button. I do not want to show this HTML webpage to my android app users. Is there any way to do this Please let me know Thanksp  pEDIT Ive looked through many websites and I understand that I should use a HttpPost. I have a few doubts though  1. What is the url that you use in HttpPost Is it the url which contains the form, or the url which the form redirects to.  2. In a multipartentity, what is the first parameter in addPart Is it the ID given to the field or the name   3. How does the HttpPost know which form it should go top
Negative 42922 pIve checked that the twitter Api v1.0 is retired and v1.1 is available, I am not able to find any demo on twitter api v1.1 in windows application C. I want to authenticate the user , get full access to read write the tweets and view the timeline of user using twitter api v1.1. Please provide me any demo or steps of code user authenticate such as Tweet Deck application.p
Negative 42922 pI have a query that returns a few columns and some information. I want to hardcode a list, and have each row returned each value from my list.p  pSo, currently my codeSELECTcode is returning, for example,p  precodeID   Name   Value 1    Mike   404 2    John   404 codepre  pAnd lets say, for example, I wish to add a column to my codeSELECTcode so that a managers name is also returned with each row. So I have a set of managers, which I want to write myself into the SELECT statementi.e these are not returned from any external source, I want to hardcode them into my codeSELECTcode  Steve, Bill. What I now want returned is  p  precodeID   Name   Value   Manager 1    Mike   404     Steve 2    John   404     Steve 1    Mike   404     Bill 2    John   404     Bill codepre  pIs it possible to do this If so, how p  pThanks a lot.p
Negative 42922 pIs it possible to plot a CSV field inside an XML file with iReportJasperReportsp  pI have an XML file, and one of its fields looks something like thisp  precodeltvaluesgt48,59,59,58,53,53,52,55,50,52,54,56,57,59,60,57,56,55,58,62ltvaluesgt codepre  pHow can I use that numbers to create a plot Or how can I use that numbers to create a subdataset that can be used in a plotp  hr  pstrongUPDATEstrong Ive created a String[] variable, with the following variable expressionp  precodeltvariableExpressiongtlt[CDATA[Fvalues.split,]]gtltvariableExpressiongt codepre  pSo now I have an array of Strings but I still cant find the way to plot it. Any ideasbr This guy also had this problem, nobody answered him a hrefhttpcommunity.jaspersoft.comquestions543703buildingchartarray relnofollowbuilding a Chart with an Arrayap  hr  pstrongUPDATE2strong now the String[] has been converted to a List with codeArrays.asListFvalues.split,code. But I dont know what can I use as Category Expression in the chart seriesp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHnZuL.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to write my first custom filter for AngularJS. I want the ability to identify if something is either a string or number. If its a number, it formats it as such with the builtin filter code numbercode.p  pI currently a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditSIgaSFDqO9pOVN0VEDkdppreview relnofollowhave a workaround using codengifcodeap  pHTMLp  precodelttablegt    lttr ngrepeatkey, val in datagt       lttdgtkeylttdgt       lttd ngifisNumbervalgtval  numberlttdgt       lttd ngifisNumbervalgtvallttdgt    lttrgt lttablegt codepre  pControllerp  precodescope.data        One55689,      twoconsider all the options,     three800243,     fourall over,     fiveor just beginning       scope.isNumber  function value      return angular.isNumbervalue    codepre  hr  pI figured itd be a better solution to assign it as its own filter though. This is what I have so far yes I know its the bare bones... its my first one.p  precode.filtertextOrNumber,function     return function input          iftypeof input  number             console.logIm a number             return as formatted number          else              console.logNot a number             do nothing, just return                  return input       codepre  pWhen it validates to be a number, can I just have it apply the Angular code numbercode filter Or do I need to manually do the filter with javascript myselfp
Negative 42922 pIm a newbie using unity for 2D games. Im currently stuck at implementing Arons A pathfinding. Im using a free version of orthello 2D framework and Unity v4 p  pIn my scene, I have a 13x10 tiles consisting of 2 kinds of tile, walkable and nonWalkable.p  pIve added the AstarPath to an empty gameobject and do the settings to match the size and dimensions of the tiles. In my scene view, each of my brick wall tile has a red box thing which shows that its unwalkable. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTovJg.png altmy scene viewp  pThe problem is, the walkable node connection the thin line is only horizontally, not vertically. How to make the nodes connect vertically and horizontally my AI can only walk horizontallyp
Negative 42922 phow are you p  pI need an event that allows me to change the colors of the current line, according to color this informed in a field of the same row.p  pIn asp.net I used the p  precodegdvPBRowDataBound object sender, GridViewRowEventArgs e   codepre  pin C  but I did not find anything. Can anyone help mep  pthanks p
Negative 42922 pI recently started receiving error below.p  pThe action attempted has been deemed abusive or is otherwise disallowed, OAuthException 368 p  pI am using same methods and triggers in other apps too but somehow this app is blocked as spam or there is another problem. I have read a hrefhttpfacebook.stackoverflow.comquestions11372890oauthexception368theactionattemptedhasbeendeemedabusiveorisotherwithisa link but couldnt find a solution. If I need to contact Facebook to resolve this issue, how should I contact to them We havent received developer alert too for this issue.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pI want to implement a code that loops inside an array that its size is set by the user that means that the size isnt constant.p  pfor example A[1,2,3,4,5] then I want the output to be like thisp  precode[1],[2],[3],[4],[5] [1,2],[1,3],[1,4],[1,5] [2,3],[2,4],[2,5] [3,4],[3,5] [4,5] [1,2,3],[1,2,4],[1,2,5] [1,3,4],[1,3,5] and so on [1,2,3,4],[1,2,3,5] [2,3,4,5] [1,2,3,4,5] codepre  pCan you help me implement this codep
Negative 42922 pIm a Javascript newb and Im working on some buttons which flash when clicked.  When an icon is clicked, my Javascript code swaps out one icon image and replaces it with an illuminated icon.  This works fine in FF and IE9, but not Chrome.  p  pHeres the codep  precodelthtmlgt  ltheadgt ltscript LanguageJavascriptgt function set0      document.locationcgibinset0.cgi     document.getElementByIdl.srcimgleftglow.jpg   function set1      document.locationcgibinset1.cgi     document.getElementByIdr.srcimgrightglow.jpg  function set01      document.locationcgibinset01.cgi     document.getElementByIdf.srcimgforwardglow.jpg  function clear01event      document.locationcgibinclear01.cgi      document.getElementByIdr.srcimgright.jpg     document.getElementByIdl.srcimgleft.jpg     document.getElementByIdf.srcimgforward.jpg     ifevent.typemousedown              document.getElementByIds.srcimgstopglow.jpg          ifevent.typemouseup              document.getElementByIds.srcimgstop.jpg       ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv styletextaligncentergt     lth1gtRaspberry Pi GPIOlth1gt      ltimg srcimgforward.jpg idf onmousedownset01 onmouseupclear01eventgt ltbrgt     ltimg srcimgleft.jpg idl onmousedownset0 onmouseupclear01eventgt     ltimg srcimgright.jpg idr onmousedownset1 onmouseupclear01eventgt ltbrgt     ltimg srcimgstop.jpg ids onmousedownclear01event onmouseupclear01eventgt     ltdivgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pThe CGI scripts dont print any HTML.  They just set some GPIO pins and print a 204 No Content header so that the browser stays on the current page.  This only partially works in Chrome  the CGI scripts get executed, and the original icon dissappears and reappears, but the illuminated icon isnt displayed.  Does anyone know what I need to do to make this work in Chromep
Negative 42922 pHow can I tell JUnit to skip certain lines of source codep  pContext Im programming a WebService which uses the weblogic.logging.LoggingHelper class to create log entries.p  pCalls to this class are only useful, if the code runs on a weblogic server. But I want to test the code locally, without having to uncomment the logging statements for debugging all the time.   p
Negative 42922 pWhen i try to create a App Store and Ad Hoc distribution option, its disabled in my apple account, where sometimes iOS App Development option also disabled.How to create a distribution certificate .Can any one please help mep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comR0HWz.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pIs there anything in WinForms that you can enable eg. a Trace Listener to get loggingdiagnostics for missingincorrect data bindingp  pI know with a WPF application, that you can see data binding warnings logged to the output window in Visual Studio when running the application under the debugger.p
Negative 42922 pI have the following piece of codep  precodeRangeC13Y21.Select For Each cell2 In Selection       If cell2  0.0568 Then             x  1000       End If Next cell2 codepre  pI want to discover the value 0.0568, but the issue I have is that when the value comes up, Visual Basic sees it as being equal to 0. I obviously want Visual Basic to see the value for what it actually is and not rounded. Could someone spot the mistake Im makingp
Negative 42922 pI am new to the code analysis, here i dont know the difference and the useages between the Code analysis tool in vs2012 and the Fxcop tool.p  pPlease provide some details.p
Negative 42922 pIve been struggling trying to get my API working with CORS. I followed the instructions from  a hrefhttpkellishaver.tumblr.compost40758797489corsheaderswithdevise relnofollowhttpkellishaver.tumblr.compost40758797489corsheaderswithdeviseap  pAdded this to my application.rbp  precodeconfig.middleware.use Cors config.middleware.insertbefore WardenManager, Cors codepre  pAdded this to libcors.rbp  precodeclass Cors   def initializeapp   app  app end  def callenv    status, headers, response  app.callenv     headers[AccessControlAllowOrigin]      headers[AccessControlAllowMethods]  DELETE, GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, POST, PUT    headers[AccessControlMaxAge]  1728001     [status, headers, response]  end end codepre  pAs Im trying to solve the same problem and allow my API to be called from Chrome or anywhere else. Problem is that all my calls work except for my custom API Devise calls. My Devise API calls get a weird 404 error for OPTIONS when I look at it in Chrome dev tools.p  pMy Devise API looks like this... p  precodeclass ApiV1SessionsController lt DeviseSessionsController    skipbeforefilter verifyauthenticitytoken,                  if gt Proc.new  c c.request.format  applicationjson      respondto json    def create    warden.authenticatescope gt resourcename, recall gt controllerpathfailure     render status gt 200,        json gt  success gt true,                   info gt Logged in,                   data gt  authtoken gt currentuser.authenticationtoken ,                   id gt currentuser.id   end ... codepre  pAny ideas on why my custom Devise API calls arent working but my others arep  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a models like this for storing GUI data for Applicationsp  precodeclass Applicationmodels.Model    name  models.CharFieldmaxlength80    gui  models.ForeignKeyGuiPanel  class GuiPanelmodels.Model    dimensions  models.CommaSeparatedIntegerFieldmaxlength16, helptextWidth,Height    backgroundImage  models.ImageFielduploadtoguiImages, blankTrue   class GuiComponentmodels.Model    guiPanel  models.ForeignKeyGuiPanel    position  models.CommaSeparatedIntegerFieldmaxlength16  x,y position    controlId  models.IntegerFieldblankTrue, nullTrue  optional     class meta        abstract  True  class RotaryDialGuiComponent     image  models.ImageFielduploadtoguiImages    angleRange  models.CommaSeparatedIntegerFieldmaxlength16, helptextstartAngle,endAngle    valueRange  models.CommaSeparatedIntegerFieldmaxlength16, helptextstartVal,endVal  class ToggleGuiComponent  we always just use 0 and 1 for its value    onImage  models.ImageFielduploadtoguiImages    offImage  models.ImageFielduploadtoguiImages codepre  pSo each Application has a GuiPanel and this has a height, width, a background image, and  implicitly has a set of GuiComponents which for now has two subclasses but may have more in future.p  pSo I might fetch an Application with all its gui data with something like this p  precodeApplication.objects.prefetchrelatedgui, guirotarydialset, guitoggleset.getpk1 codepre  pThis is a little tedious because there will be about 6 subclasses and I may add more in the future.p  pOr if I used a nonabstract model for GuiPanel, I could do thisp  precodeApplication.objects.prefetchrelatedgui, guiguicomponentset.getpk1 codepre  pThen I could introspect on the actual subclass of each instance in the guicomponentset by using hasattr.p  pFirst of all, is the overall model ok or could it be improved And finally, which of the options above abstract vs nonabstract is better in this casep
Negative 42922 pI was looking for any C library which allows me to get the 3D point of collision between a line and a Polyhedronsphere where the line consist of two 3D points and the polyhedron of a finite amount of 3D pointsp  pAs to my surprise I cannot seem to find such a library or I dont know which phrases to search for.p  pAlso, most collision libraries I have seen are from 20052006 but none saying how to get the hit point coordinates, most of them are for visualising things and checking boundaries, or collisions between two 3d objects, etc. Too overkill for me  I just want the 3D point of collision between a line and a 3D object [polyhedron  sphere] p  pSo.. which libraries are uptodate as of 2013 and utilize the new techologies to achieve the best performancep  pOr is there a code sample for my casep  pI sometimes like reinventing the wheel but not in this case, I would like it to use it for a plugin for a game  so something that is reliable and fast is preffered.p
Negative 42922 pIm facing a complex task that make me headache. Assuming that I have option array like thisp  precodeoptions  Color gt Red, Green, Blue,           Size gt S,M,L,           Material gt Wool,Cotton            codepre  pAlso, I have a set of mappingp  precodeRed, S, Cotton Red, M, Cotton Blue, S, Wool codepre  pWhen I select an option by a certain way from selectbox etc.., for example, when I select Red I want to have an array like this p  precoderedArray                   Size gt S,M,                Material gt Cotton                 codepre  pSimilarly, when I select M option, the result will bep  precodemArray               Color gt Red,             Material gt Cotton             codepre  pMaybe my explanation is not clear enough, hope you can help me...Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI build my own cms using Asp.net mvc 4 c, and I want to cache some database data, likes localization, search categories its longtail, each category have its own sub and subsub categories,  etc..p  pIts will be overkill to query the database all the time, because it can be more than 30100 queries for each page request, however the users update those database rarelyp  pstrongSo what is the best way  performance and convenience to do it links for guides and tutorials will be good alsostrongp  pI know how use the OutputCache of the action, but its not what I need in this situation , its cache the html, but what I need is for example, that my own helper codehtml.LocalizationNewsletter.Titecode will take the value of the language, or any another helper that interact with data etc.p  pI think not really sure that I need to cache the data I want, only when the application is invoke for the first time, and then work with the cache location, but I dont have any experience even how to it.p
Negative 42922 pHow can I support Kurdish language at my wpf project I create resources files for different cultures strongLocalizationstrongp  precodeFrench  gt  fr  English gt  en Arabic  gt  ar . . .  Kurdish gt   codepre  pAnd if windows dose not support this language, How can i use strongCultureAndRegionInfoBuilderstrong class to add this culture  And is there any another wayp
Negative 42922 pHeres the deal I do freelancing jobs at odesk.com and I want to track transitions from my profile or the job applications that I left to my personal website.p  pFor clients the url of the job application page is a hrefhttpswww.odesk.comapplicationsxxxxxxxxx relnofollowhttpswww.odesk.comapplicationsxxxxxxxxxa, where xxxxxxxxx is the id your job application.p  pSo I thought I would just use codeSERVER[HTTPREFERER]code to retrieve the previous url and take the job application id from it.p  pBut guys from oDesk first redirect you to a page like this a hrefhttpswww.odesk.comleavingodeskrefyyyyyyyyyyy relnofollowhttpswww.odesk.comleavingodeskrefyyyyyyyyyyya. And only then users get redirected to my website.p  pMy question is is there any way to know from which page which job application the visitor of my website camep
Negative 42922 pI have a php file that returns a single number i.e. 360. How can I get that number to appear in my android textview. I am able to do this with arrays that look like thisp  precodesuccess1,messagePost Available,posts[nameJohn Smith,id1, ...] codepre  pbut how can I do it with just a single number.p  pHere is the phpp  precodeltphp  includeconnect.php  gettotalmysqlquerySELECT  FROM records totalrecordsmysqlnumrowsgettotal echo jsonencodetotalrecords  gt codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pThis is what my code looks like thus farp  pGiven dictionaries, d1 and d2, create a new dictionary with the following property for each entry a, b in d1, if there is an entry b, c in d2, then the entry a, c should be added to the new dictionary.  For example, if d1 is 23, 819, 64, 512 and d2 is 25, 43, 39, then the new dictionary should be 29, 63  Associate the new dictionary with the variable d3 p  precoded3   for i in d1     for i in d2         if d1.geti,defaultnone in d2             d3[d1]  d2.geti,default  None codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a series of points latitudelongitude coordinates on the earth and a series of distance estimates from each point to an unknown location. I would like to use a hrefhttpsen.wikipedia.orgwikiMultilateration relnofollowmultilaterationa to estimate the location of this unknown location. Starting with a simple example imagine 4 points and associated distance estimates to an unknown point with unknown locationp  platitude, longitude, distance estimate 3tuples belowp  precodep1  31.2297, 121.4734, 3335.65                            p2  34.539, 69.171, 2477.17                           p3  47.907, 106.91, 1719.65                       p4  50.43, 80.25, 1242.27  codepre  pFinding the unknown point has already been explained a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8318113multilaterationofgpscoordinatesherea and a trilateration example a hrefhttpgis.stackexchange.comquestions66trilaterationusing3latitudeandlongitudepointsand3distancesherea. Using the above example, the unknown is located at a latitudelongitude coordinate of 36.989, 91.464p  pMy question is unique because Im looking for a way to perform multilateration with weights. Each distance estimate is only an estimate the measurements are imprecise, but the smaller the distance the more accurate the measurement. Id like use multilatertion but Id like to give points associated with smaller distance estimations more weight in determining a final answer as these shorter estimations are more accurate. How can I do this I am looking for a solution in Python.p  pGoing back to the previous example, but introducing error, I want to find the unknown location of the point againp  precodep1  31.2297, 121.4734, 4699.15            p2  34.539, 69.171, 2211.97         p3  47.907, 106.91, 1439.75                               p4  50.43, 80.25, 1222.07     codepre
Negative 42922 pI have following situationp  pThere is a left side menu in my web application, when user clicks any link of that menu that specific page will be opened in specific div. This specific div is working as content page. p  pFor example there is password changing link, when I click it, it will be displayed on that content div.p  pEvery page is done with .jsp format and thus each page have also error and success pages. For example if I would have changePassword.jsp I would also have changePasswordError.jsp and changePasswordSuccess.jsp, they are used to display error and success messages.p  pIm using strongServletsstrong to get information and handle it and to redirect on correct page. So for example if user would want to change hisher password and everything goes fine they would be directed to changePasswordSuccess.jsp from servlet and if they get an error they would be directed to changePasswordError.jsp.p  pWhen I do this they would be opened as an own page so its very silly that I have to provide a link for user to return to main page. Even if they get an error message, that error page is opened as an own page which is very obvious.p  pMy question is that how I can direct user from Servlet to main page so that result page of Servlet will be displayed in that content div Meaning that if a user is directed to success page, that success page will be displayed on main pages content div.p  pIf possible I would not rather use .php redirection style, which includes header tag and inside of it theres redirection url.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to translate the email body of the activation, etc. emails that devise sends out for Active Admin adminuser, but in the devise.local.yml file I couldnt find where it is. Ive only found the subject translations.  p  pWhere can I find itp  pBest Wishes, Matt p
Negative 42922 pIm a little stuck on an issue were having deploying a web service. I have tried seemingly everything although obviously thats not true.p  pThese are my jersey dependenciesp  precode    ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtcom.sun.jerseyltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtjerseyservletltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.17ltversiongt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtcom.sun.jersey.contribsltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtjerseymultipartltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.17ltversiongt     ltdependencygt      ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtcom.sun.jerseyltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtjerseybundleltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.17ltversiongt     ltdependencygt      ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.jvnetltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtmimepullltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.6ltversiongt     ltdependencygt codepre  pHere is the code I have for one of the servicesp  precodePOST Path ConsumesMediaType.MULTIPARTFORMDATA Producestextplain public String uploadFileFormDataParamuploadID String uploadID,         FormDataParamfile InputStream uploadedFile,         FormDataParamfile FormDataContentDisposition fileDetail        UploadServiceHandler handler  uploadHandlers.getuploadID      if isValidParametersuploadID, uploadedFile, fileDetail, handler              uploadID.length  0          log.infouploadID   received upload ERROR Invalid Request         return new MessagesBeanResponseTypes.ERROR, 1, Invalid Request                 .toJSONString           handler.inituploadedFile, UPLOADPATH     uploadHandlers.putuploadID, handler     log.infouploadID   started file upload     handler.handleRequest     String jsonString  handler.bean.toJSONString      DaemonCleaner.addPathhandler.getDeletePath     uploadHandlers.removehandler.getUploadID     handler.destroy      return jsonString  codepre  pHere is the resulting stack trace from Jerseyp  precodeSEVERE The following errors and warnings have been detected with resource andor provider classes   WARNING A subresource method, public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UpdateServices.updatejava.lang.String, with URI template, , is treated as a resource method   WARNING A subresource method, public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.uploadFilejava.lang.String,java.io.InputStream,com.sun.jersey.core.header.FormDataContentDisposition, with URI template, , is treated as a resource method   SEVERE Missing dependency for method public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.postInitjava.lang.String,long at parameter at index 0   SEVERE Missing dependency for method public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.postInitjava.lang.String,long at parameter at index 1   SEVERE Method, public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.postInitjava.lang.String,long, annotated with POST of resource, class org.isatools.resources.UploadServices, is not recognized as valid resource method.   SEVERE Missing dependency for method public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.uploadFilejava.lang.String,java.io.InputStream,com.sun.jersey.core.header.FormDataContentDisposition at parameter at index 0   SEVERE Missing dependency for method public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.uploadFilejava.lang.String,java.io.InputStream,com.sun.jersey.core.header.FormDataContentDisposition at parameter at index 1   SEVERE Missing dependency for method public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.uploadFilejava.lang.String,java.io.InputStream,com.sun.jersey.core.header.FormDataContentDisposition at parameter at index 2   SEVERE Method, public java.lang.String org.isatools.resources.UploadServices.uploadFilejava.lang.String,java.io.InputStream,com.sun.jersey.core.header.FormDataContentDisposition, annotated with POST of resource, class org.isatools.resources.UploadServices, is not recognized as valid resource method. codepre  pThanks in advance for any assistancep
Negative 42922 precodeQDesktopWidget desktop  int desktopHeightdesktop.geometry.height int desktopWidthdesktop.geometry.width thisgtresizedesktopWidth,desktopHeight codepre  pfor example my  main monitor  resolution is 1024 x 768 and my extended monitor resolution is 800x600. the value i get from desktop height and width is the sum of the two monitor resolution. i only need to get the main monitor resolution. can somebody tell me how thanks. Im using qt 4.7.3 p  pedit Im using dual screen, particularly in cashier ordering the main monitor is seen by the cashier and the extended are seen by the costumer.p
Negative 42922 pI have a UITextField. When I type in it, it works fine, until I type in the 7th keystroke, at which point it crashes. The crash doesnt show up in XCode  theres no indication that it crashed at all. No crash log or anything of the sort. Im running this on an iPad.p  pEDIT Disconnecting from XCode means I get a crash logp  precodeApp[12345] has active assertions beyond permitted time       ltBKProcessAssertion 0x1f5bf200gt identifier Suspending process App[12345] permittedBackgroundDuration 10.000000 reason suspend owner pid26 preventSuspend  preventThrottleDownCPU  preventThrottleDownUI   codepre
Negative 42922 pI currently use .findbystatusparams[status] on my tasks to find tasks that arent closed or a sticky. either 4,5.p  precodedef self.findbystatusstatus   status  status.toi   if status  0 then     status  1   else     status  status   end   if status  1  status then     Task.where[STATUS NOT IN 4,5]   else     Task.wherestatus gt status   end end codepre  pI also copied this for my tickets model too, to find only open tickets on the home page.p  pIts also accompanied by thisp  precodelt statusactive  1 gt lt Task.new.statuses.each do status gt   ltli classlt if params[status].toi  statusactive  status[0] then active end gtgt     lt linkto status[1], controller gt params[controller], action gt params[action], params gt  status gt status[0]  gt   ltligt codepre  pIm new to rails and Im really struggling on refactoring this. I would probably prefer making those links into a drop down select filter, but that also I struggle with.p  pAny help is appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pI have created a directive to handle a file upload wit a hrefhttpwww.uploadify.comdownloaddownloaduploadifivestandard relnofollowUploadifivea. The upload module is called on the opening of a modal window. The first time that I call the modal window everything works correctly. If I open the modal window again I receive the following error.p  precodeCannot call method addEventListener of undefined  codepre  pI am new to this  so if I dont have enough information to trouble shoot this just let me know what else is needed. p  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltdiv classrowgt ltdiv classspan5gt     lth2gtUpload New Image Gallerylth2gt      ltform namefrmupload actiongt         ltdiv classcontrolgroupgt             ltinput imageuploadifivegalleryID galleryidgalleryID namefileupload typefile multipletruegt         ltdivgtlt controlgroup gt     ltformgt     ltdiv idimageGalleryqueuegtltdivgt ltdivgtlt span5 gt codepre  pp  pstrongDirectivestrongp  precode    myApp.directiveimageUploadifive, function       return          restrict A,         link functionscope, element, attrs, controllers                      var id  scope.galleryID              element.uploadifive                 uploadScript   betaimagesupload,                 buttonClass    uploadifivebutton btn btnprimary,                 queueID        imageGalleryqueue,                 buttonText     Select Files,                 fileSizeLimit  500,                 formData                       galleryID  id                 ,                 onError functionerrorType                                      alertThere was a problem                 ,                 onUpload function                                                               codepre  pstrongControllerstrongp  precodevar myApp  angular.modulemyApp,[ui.bootstrap, ui.sortable] codepre  pfunction imageGalleryCtrl scope, images, clients, galleries, createGal      scope.galleryMaster  p  precodescope.tabs  [      titleHome, contentbetaapplicationviewsimagesuploadercreate.html, active true ,      titleUpload, contentbetaapplicationviewsimagesuploaderupload.html,      titleEdit, contentbetaapplicationviewsimagesuploaderedit.html ]  close modal scope.close  function       scope.imageUploader  false   get gallery info on click from table scope.getGallery  functionid      set gallery ID to scope     scope.galleryID  id      open the modal     scope.imageUploader  true      get gallery information     scope.galleryCollection  galleries.getGalleryid      scope.galleryCollection.thenfunctiongalleries         scope.gallery  galleries.thisGal           get clients     scope.clientCollection  clients.getClients      scope.clientCollection.thenfunctionclients         scope.clients  clients.clients         scope.clientList  scope.gallery.client        scope.tabName  functionname      ifname  Edit         get all the images          scope.imgCollection  images.getImagesscope.galleryID          scope.imgCollection.thenfunctionimages             scope.images          images.thisGalimages             scope.imageSortOrder  orgName                 scope.newGallery  function      open modal     scope.imageUploader  true     create gallery     scope.newGallery  createGal.createGal     scope.newGallery.thenfunctioncreateGal         scope.galleryID  createGal.createdid       codepre  pAny insight on this would be a great help. Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI would like to get some custom attributes from the current product in the product tabs on product page. At the moment, the tabs are populated from cms  static blocks. Is it possible to get the value of those custom product attributes in the block itself If not, how can i get them to be displayed on relevant tabs. p  pThank you.p
Negative 42922 pIve created webpage  with a carouFredSel and a Fancybox . Everything works fine, but Fancybox appears as is image is covered by grey shade. html code for fancyboxesp  precodelta hrefimagesfront1.jpg classlightboxtrigger relfancybox1 gt lta hrefimagesfront2.jpg classlightboxtrigger relfancybox2 gt codepre  pand a jsp  precodecarousel  a.lightboxtrigger.fancybox     cyclic   true,     opacity true,     onStart  function          carousel.triggerpause     ,     onClosed function          carousel.triggerplay       codepre  pstrongUpdate 1strong  p  pas of cssp  precode.tooltip    fontweight bold   fontsize 1.1em   .tooltip h3    color red   .tooltip h4    color green  codepre  pin codefancybox.csscode zindex is set to around code1100codep
Negative 42922 pI have been battling this issue for half a week to no avail, my problem isp  pusing Node.js 0.10.12 to parse JSON files like sop  precodevar invalidJson   this is bad     try      JSON.parse invalidJson    catch exc      console.logexc.stack     throw exc  codepre  pthe outputp  precodeSyntaxError Unexpected token t     at Object.parse native     at Object.ltanonymousgt test.js710     ...     at node.js9013  test.js12     throw exc  ..And then a duplicate of SyntaxError Unexpected token t.. because I rethrow the exception codepre  pNow, when doingp  precodeJSON.parse invalidJson  codepre  pwithout try  catch p  pI get this errorp  precodeundefined1  this is bad     SyntaxError Unexpected token t     at Object.parse native     at Object.ltanonymousgt test.js176     ...     at node.js9013 codepre  pthis error message tells me exactly where the JSON parsing broke. When the JSON file is large, its virtually impossible to locate the error without these details.p  pstrongHow can I forward this descriptive error message in my custom trycatch exception handlerstrongp  pthanksp
Negative 42922 precode    final PackageManager pm  context.getPackageManager     get a list of installed apps.     ListltApplicationInfogt packages  pm.getInstalledApplicationsPackageManager.GETMETADATA      for ApplicationInfo packageInfo  packages          String packagename  String packageInfo.loadLabelpm.replaceAll , .toLowerCase         ifpackagename.containsappname             sayOpeningappname             Intent launchIntent  pm.getLaunchIntentForPackagepackageInfo.packageName             Log.vTAG, launchIntent             context.startActivitylaunchIntent          codepre  pUsing this code, my app force closes when opening messaging, and only messaging. It does open the messaging app, but force closes and throws a null pointer exception. Any ideasp  pThanks guysp
Negative 42922 pAnd why is it required to use amp before function in the next piece of codep  precodevoid MammalpFunc  const0 pFuncampMammalMove codepre  pMove is a virtual function in the basic class and pFunc is a pointer to virtual function in this class. So why we need to use amp According to some special properties of virtual function Or it is simply syntax    p
Negative 42922 pI have a SYSTEMTIME struct. This struct may either contain a UTC time or a local time that was returned from a Windows API function at some prior point and time.p  pIn C I am calculating the day of the year based on the SYSTEMTIME that a function returns. In other words how many days since Jan 1. In order to do that I need to be mindful of the extra day during leap years, Feburary 29. Thats all easy enough if I knew that the SYSTEMTIME is always based on the gregorian calendar.p  pIf a user in a foreign country uses some other calendar system wouldnt I have a problem calculating the day of the year I cant seem to do this on my machine to test the theory, and I dont even know if its plausible. Any Microsoft experts that can help me out herep  pMaybe a better question would be is there already a Windows API function that calculates the day of the year based on a SYSTEMTIME I cant find one.p  pThe closest thing I could find searching is a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10723638doesthedateobjecteveruseanongregoriancalendarthis javascript questiona, which is interesting but I think very different from what Im asking. I wont see any replies to this question until tomorrow Monday so if there are any follow up questions I will answer them then.p  pThanksp  pedit I found this article but it still doesnt answer the questionbr a hrefhttpwww.siao2.com201003319986458.aspx relnofollowOS level support for nonGregorian calendars  Sorting it all Out  Site Home  MSDN Blogsap
Negative 42922 pI have a csv file and what I want to do is create a script where user inputs the source ip and destination ip. Once that matches in the csv file. It will take all the source and destination ip the user entered and calculate the time difference between the sessions of multiple matches of user input of a source and destination IPs. Lastly, the script will do the average of the duration as well. Below is an example of my csv column A data however the csv has several column like Time, Source Ip, and Destination IP.Instead of using three different column we can just use Column A that has three info  we need already. p  prawp  p20130718 045415.871 UDP    172.12.332.1120547   172.12.332.1120547      172.56.213.8053  CREATE  Ignore        0p  p20130718 045415.841 UDP      192.33.230.8137192   192.81.130.8237192      172.81.123.7053    CREATE  Ignore        0p  p20130718 045415.831 TCP      172.12.332.1142547   172.12.332.1142547br   172.56.213.8053 CREATE  Ignore        0p  pBelow is my code in python that does not work anymore. All that happens now is it skips the ips and does nothing. Please help me fix as I am lost to why it does not work. p  pMy code in pythonp  precodeimport sys from sys import argv from datetime import datetime, timedelta  script, source, destination, filename  argv assign the script arguments to variables linenum  0 for keeping track of the current line number count  0 for counting occurrences of sourcedestination IPs occurrences  []  array to store all of the matching occurrences of sourcedestination IPs  linearray  [] array to store line numbers avg  0 average total  0 sum of microseconds  function for converting timedelta to microseconds def timedeltatomicrotimetd return td.microseconds  td.seconds  td.days  86400  1000000 use try to catch IOexception try for line in openfilename         if the first character is a number, read line              if line[0].isdigit            if source and destination in line             increment counter for each occurrence of matching  IP combination             count1             get the first 23 characters from the line the datetime              and convert it to a datetime object using the Ymd HMS.f              format, then add it to the array named occurrences.         occurrences.appenddatetime.strptimeline[23], Ymd HMS.f             linearray.appendlinenum         if the first character is not a number, its the headers, skip them         else             linenum  2             continue go to next line         linenum  1 counter to keep track of line solely for testing purposes if the script cant find the data file, notify user and terminate  except IOError     print n[ERROR] Cannot read data file, check file name and try again.     sys.exit  print nFound s matches for [source s] and [destination s]n  lenoccurrences, source, destination  if lenoccurrences  0  if there are no occurrences, there arent any times to show so dont print this line     print Time between adjacent connectionsn  for i in rangelenoccurrences if i  0         continue if it is the first slot in the array, continue to next              slot cant  subtract from array[01] slot else     find difference in timedate objects returns difference in timedelta object        difference  occurrences[i1]occurrences[i]        for displaying line numbers        time1  linearray[i1]        time2  linearray[i]        convert timedelta object to microseconds for computing average        timem  timedeltatomicrotimedifference        add current microseconds to existing microseconds        total  timem        print Line s and Line s s  time1, time2, difference  check to make sure there are things to take the average of if lenoccurrences  0     compute average     line read as total divided by the length of the occurrences array as a float     minus 1, divided by 1,000,000 to convert microseconds back into seconds     avg  total  floatlenoccurrences11000000     print nAverage s seconds  avg codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to read call logs and save to an external storage. I have used p  precode cursor  this.getContentResolver.queryUri.parsecontentcalllogcalls,    projection, selection, selectionArgs,sortOrder codepre  pBy this method I am successfully reading and saving all call logs to external storage. Now if a new call is received or made or call is missed then how can I track it and save it to my storage without saving all calls that are being read from cursor. I know broadcast receiver or service will be best in this case but unable to figure it out that how can I made it to work. Any working example or code snippet will be rally helpful.  p
Negative 42922 pI have previously only used Mule 2.2.1, but im now reading up on Mule 3.43.5.p  pOne major change between theses versions is the introduction of flows.p  pIn the a hrefhttpwww.mulesoft.orgdocumentationdisplaycurrentUnderstandingMuleConfiguration relnofollowdocumentation of the Mule configurationa i found thisp  blockquote   pA flow begins with an inbound endpoint from which messages are read and continues with a list of message processorsp blockquote  pHowever, in this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions18199624whenmulesoapexceptionoccurredhowdoisendmyownfaultcodeandfaultstrposta i came across the invokeelement. It appears that a flow can also begin with an invokeelement.p  pI was searching the Mule documentation for documentation of the invoke element, but was not able to find it. Can someone help explaining the semantics of the invokeelement, or point to any relevant documentation p
Negative 42922 pI am using Microsoft Kinect in a project. One of the task that I have to accomplish is to find the orientation of the user w.r.t the Kinect sensor when the user turns, the orientation changes For this, I am trying to find the angle which the line joining the shoulders makes with the x axis of Kinect.p  pI have come up with the following code, but it gives me very small angle values, even when I turn almost about 40 degrees.p  precodedouble vectorxskel.SkeletonPositions[NUISKELETONPOSITIONSHOULDERLEFT].xskel.SkeletonPositions[NUISKELETONPOSITIONSHOULDERRIGHT].x     double vectoryskel.SkeletonPositions[NUISKELETONPOSITIONSHOULDERLEFT].yskel.SkeletonPositions[NUISKELETONPOSITIONSHOULDERRIGHT].y     double vectorzskel.SkeletonPositions[NUISKELETONPOSITIONSHOULDERLEFT].zskel.SkeletonPositions[NUISKELETONPOSITIONSHOULDERRIGHT].z     double len1sqrtfvectorx  vectorx  vectory  vectory  vectorz  vectorz     double vectorx11.0     double vectory10.0     double vectorz10.0      double len2sqrtfvectorx1  vectorx1  vectory1  vectory1  vectorz1  vectorz1     double dotproduct  vectorx  vectorx1  vectory  vectory1  vectorz  vectorz1      double angle  dotproduct  len1  len2      coorleftConvertvectorxtConvertvectorytConvertvectorzn OutputDebugStringAConvertacosangle.cstr codepre  pWhen I added the conversion of radians to degrees, p  precodedouble angle1angle180.03.14 codepre  pI get values form 33 to 57when I am facing the Kinect and then to 33 again.p  pBut in reality, it should be negative, then 0 and then positive on the other side. Where am I going wrongp
Negative 42922 pThe following code can correctly find the viewports height, either using plain JavaScript or jQuery, but what if the codeDOCTYPEcode is not specified, then both lines that reported something like code410code would now report something like code3016code.p  pIs there a way to find the viewports height if codeDOCTYPEcode is not specifiedp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt  ltstylegt     body  height 3000px  ltstylegt  ltscript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.10.2jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt      onload  function          console.logjQuery version, .fn.jquery         console.logdocument.compatMode is, document.compatMode           using jQuery         console.logwindow.height is, window.height           using plain JavaScript         console.logdocument.documentElement.clientHeight is, document.documentElement.clientHeight       ltscriptgt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt     hi codepre
Negative 42922 pthis is my problem Im trying to configure my data source in context.xml tom cats field, as followp  precodeCapachetomcat7.0.42confcontext.xml   ltContextgt  lt Default set of monitored resources gt ltWatchedResourcegtWEBINFweb.xmlltWatchedResourcegt   ltResource   namejdbcmyDB docBaseinv authContainer   typejavax.sql.DataSource driverClassNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver   maxActive100 maxIdle30 maxWait10000   urljdbcmysqllocalhost3306myDBautoReconnecttrue   usernameroot passwordpassgt  ltContextgt codepre  pAnd I have in my servletcontext.xml spring project the configuration of hibernatep  precode... lt JDBC Data Source gt ltbean idmyDataSource classorg.apache.commons.dbcp.BasicDataSource destroymethodclosegt     ltproperty namedriverClassName valuecom.mysql.jdbc.Drivergt     ltproperty nameurl valuejdbcmysqllocalhost3306rhcimaxgt     ltproperty nameusername valuerootgt     ltproperty namepassword value1234gt     ltproperty namevalidationQuery valueSELECT 1gt ltbeangt  lt Hibernate Session Factory gt ltbean idmySessionFactory     classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBeangt     ltproperty namedataSource refmyDataSourcegt     ltproperty namepackagesToScangt     ltarraygt         ltvaluegtcom.blah.baseProjectltvaluegt     ltarraygt ltpropertygt ltproperty namehibernatePropertiesgt   ltvaluegt     hibernate.dialectorg.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialect   ltvaluegt ltpropertygt ltbeangt  lt Hibernate Transaction Manager gt ltbean idtransactionManager classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.HibernateTransactionManagergt ltproperty namesessionFactory refmySessionFactorygt ltbeangt  lt Activates annotation based transaction management gt lttxannotationdriven transactionmanagertransactionManagergt codepre  pWhat can I do to delete the following part of the code and delegate it to tom cats context.xmlp  precodeltbean idmyDataSource classorg.apache.commons.dbcp.BasicDataSource destroymethodclosegt     ltproperty namedriverClassName valuecom.mysql.jdbc.Drivergt     ltproperty nameurl valuejdbcmysqllocalhost3306rhcimaxgt     ltproperty nameusername valuerootgt     ltproperty namepassword value1234gt     ltproperty namevalidationQuery valueSELECT 1gt ltbeangt codepre  pThanks in advance.p  pstrongFINAL SOLUTIONstrong p  pThe references are  xmlnsjeehttpwww.springframework.orgschemajee, xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemajee a hrefhttpwww.springframework.orgschemajeespringjee.xsd relnofollowhttpwww.springframework.orgschemajeespringjee.xsdap  pFinally we havep  precodeltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xmlnsjeehttpwww.springframework.orgschemajee     xsischemaLocation     httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans         httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans.xsd     httpwww.springframework.orgschemajee httpwww.springframework.orgschemajeespringjee.xsdgt  ltjeejndilookup idmyDataSource jndinamejavacompenvjdbcmyDBgt  lt Hibernate Session Factory gt ltbean idmySessionFactory     classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBeangt     ltproperty namedataSource refmyDataSourcegt     ltproperty namepackagesToScangt     ltarraygt         ltvaluegtcom.blah.baseProjectltvaluegt     ltarraygt ltpropertygt ltproperty namehibernatePropertiesgt   ltvaluegt     hibernate.dialectorg.hibernate.dialect.MySQLDialect   ltvaluegt ltpropertygt ltbeangt  lt Hibernate Transaction Manager gt ltbean idtransactionManager classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.HibernateTransactionManagergt ltproperty namesessionFactory refmySessionFactorygt ltbeangt  lt Activates annotation based transaction management gt lttxannotationdriven transactionmanagertransactionManagergt codepre  pThanks alanstroop.p  pMore information a hrefhttpstatic.springsource.orgspringdocs3.3.0.BUILDSNAPSHOTspringframeworkreferencehtmlxsdconfig.html relnofollowhttpstatic.springsource.orgspringdocs3.3.0.BUILDSNAPSHOTspringframeworkreferencehtmlxsdconfig.htmlap
Negative 42922 pIm using make to build a C project. During the course of the project, I wanted to make some changes to the Makefile. Unfortunately, ever since I executed make once, it keeps using that particular version of the Makefile and just doesnt do anything with the changes at all.p  pI have run make clean, I have renamed the makefile, Ive searched for other Makefiles which might be used instead, all to no avail. There is no mention of any caching mechanism in the man pages for make, nor anywhere on Google.p  pDoes anyone have any idea why make isnt using the new version and what I can do about it Im compiling on a Ubuntu 12.04.2 LTS x8664 box, with GNU make version 3.81.p  pstrongUpdatestrong Some additional information. It seems make is using the current version of the makefile after all. If I change something in the main target, its working just fine. But if I change something in the obj.o target, it just keeps running the same command, no matter what changes I make to that target.p  pFull Makefile an be found here a hrefhttppastebin.comWK43NRcL relnofollowhttppastebin.comWK43NRcLap
Negative 42922 pIm trying to build a static library to be released as an API for a network device. I can successfully compile and link the library to produce .lib output files, and I relocate them into a directory structure as followsp  precodeEyeLib  LInclude    LPublicInterface.h  LLib    Ldebug       LMyLib.lib       LMyLib.pdb    Lrelease        LMyLib.lib  LMyLibConfig.cmake codepre  pWhere the MyLibConfig.cmake file is extremely simple, and containsp  precode the header file is relative to this cmake file, so get the path. GETFILENAMECOMPONENT MyLibTOPLEVELDIR CMAKECURRENTLISTFILE PATH  SET MyLibINCLUDEDIR MyLibTOPLEVELDIRinclude   IF WIN32    FINDLIBRARY MyLibDEBUGLIBRARY MyLib MyLibTOPLEVELDIRlibdebug    FINDLIBRARY MyLibRELEASELIBRARY MyLib MyLibTOPLEVELDIRlibrelease    SET MyLibLIBRARIES optimized MyLibRELEASELIBRARY debug MyLibDEBUGLIBRARY  ENDIF WIN32  IF UNIX    FINDLIBRARY MyLibLIBRARY MyLib MyLibTOPLEVELDIRlib    SET MyLibLIBRARIES MyLibLIBRARY    MARKASADVANCED MyLibLIBRARY  ENDIF UNIX    handle the QUIETLY and REQUIRED arguments INCLUDEFindPackageHandleStandardArgs FINDPACKAGEHANDLESTANDARDARGSMyLib DEFAULTMSG MyLibLIBRARIES MyLibINCLUDEDIR  MARKASADVANCED MyLibINCLUDEDIR  codepre  pThis build structure has worked for some test libraries Ive built in the past, but Im getting a link error when I try and use it to build a simple test app saying error LNK1104 cannot open file libboostthreadvc110mts154.libp  pI can get the test app to build and run successfully if I add it to the same project as the library build. I assume this is because the library build is finding the boost libs to link against, so it propagates through to the executables in the project.p  pI built boost 1.54 with b2 linkstatic runtimelinkstatic threadingmulti variantdebug,release layouttagged and linked both the library build and the test app build to the static MSVC runtime MT.p  pCan anyone offer some helpadvicefurther tests with this one I need to make sure that all the boost stuff is compiledin to the API library, so our clients dont have to install boost themselves.p  pstrongAdditional Infostrongp  pIncase its helpful, heres the cmakelists.txt file from the library buildp  precodesetLIBRARYOUTPUTPATH CMAKEBINARYDIRlib  setBoostUSESTATICLIBS   ON setBoostUSEMULTITHREADED ON findpackageBoost REQUIRED COMPONENTS system datetime regex thread chrono ifNOT WIN32   listAPPEND BoostLIBRARIES pthread endif  includedirectoriesBoostINCLUDEDIRS  FILEGLOB srcs .cpp FILEGLOB headers .h setlibname MyLib  setdeps BoostLIBRARIES  To allow compilation. stdc0x is for accepting the access to enums, which usually is just accepted with Visual Studio IF NOT WIN32    set CMAKECXXFLAGS fpermissive stdc0x ENDIF NOT WIN32   SOURCEGROUP libname FILES srcs  SOURCEGROUP libnameHdr FILES headers  addlibrarylibname srcs headers targetlinklibraries libname deps  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm using ACRA with bugsense.com in conjunction for taking bug reports. Can I use them to send my arbitrary messages from an app brI want it send users wrong behavior to bugsense server. Is the only way to do this is generate Exception brIm not sure is it good idea at all. What do you use to save your Logsp  pEDIT Ive completly migrated to Bugsense tracker. It has ability to send custom handled exceptions. Easy to implement, one line of the code only.p  pa hrefhttpswww.bugsense.comdocsandroidloghandledexceptions relnofollowLog Handled Exceptionsap
Negative 42922 pCurrently I am working on strongemDurandal 2.0 projectemstrong. Initially I was using this JavaScript code to execute my strongemshell.jsViewModelemstrong, which is working perfectly fine.p  pInitial JavaScript Code working onep  precode    define[pluginsrouter, durandalapp], function router, app       return          router router,         search function              app.showMessageSearch not yet implemented...         ,         activate function               router.map[                  route , titleWelcome, moduleId viewmodelswelcome, nav true ,                  route flickr, moduleId viewmodelshello, nav true          ].buildNavigationModel              return router.activate                    codepre  hr  pNow I am trying to use typescript. So I wrote this codebelow one, which is not working Typescript Codep  precode     ltreference path....Scriptstypescriptsjqueryjquery.d.ts gt      ltreference path....Scriptstypescriptsknockoutknockout.d.ts gt      ltreference path....Scriptstypescriptsdurandaldurandal.d.ts gt      import config  requireconfig     import router  requirepluginsrouter     import app  requiredurandalapp      class shell      config  new config.Config     app  app     router  router      activate        this.router.map[              route , title Welcome, moduleId viewmodelswelcome, nav true ,              route flickr, moduleId viewmodelshello, nav true               ].buildNavigationModel           return this.router.activate               codepre  hr  pOutput of typescript JavaScript code generated by TypeScriptNot Workingp  precode     ltreference path....Scriptstypescriptsjqueryjquery.d.ts gt      ltreference path....Scriptstypescriptsknockoutknockout.d.ts gt      ltreference path....Scriptstypescriptsdurandaldurandal.d.ts gt     define[require, exports, pluginsrouter, durandalapp], functionrequire, exports, router, app       var router  router     var app  app      var shell  function           function shell              config  new config.Config             this.app  app             this.router  router                  shell.prototype.activate  function               this.router.map[                  route , title Welcome, moduleId viewmodelswelcome, nav true ,                  route flickr, moduleId viewmodelshello, nav true          ].buildNavigationModel             return this.router.activate                  return shell             codepre  hr  pCan anyone suggest me what is the issue the error I am getting is this,p  blockquote   pUnable to parse bindings.p      pBindings value attr  href router.navigationModel[0].hash p      pMessage router is not definedp      pView viewsshellp      pModuleId viewmodelsshellp blockquote
Negative 42922 pi have this codefunctioncode for print categories in codedropdowncode menu.p  precodefunction CatParent     result  mysqlquerySELECT id, name, parent FROM cats ORDER BY name     items  array      whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult           items[]  arrayid gt row[id], label gt row[name], parent gt row[parent]           Loop using references to build a tree childs  array foreachitems as ampitem      childs[item[parent]][]  ampitem   unsetitem  foreachitems as ampitem      ifissetchilds[item[id]]              item[children]  childs[item[id]]        We now have a tree with children key set on each node that has children tree  childs[0]   Prepare a template and recursive closure note reference on ampprint tpl  ltoption nameparent[] valuesgts sltoptiongt print  functionitem, indent   use ampprint, tpl      echo sprintftpl, item[id], indent, item[label] . n      ifissetitem[children]              foreachitem[children] as child                      printchild, indent .                  echo ltselect nameparentgtltoption nameparent[] value0gtltoptiongt  Call the function for each toplevel node foreachtree as row      printrow  echo ltselectgt      codepre  pthis worked but i need to selected codevalueidcode whencodeGET[id]  valuecode Like This p  precodeltselectgt ltoption value1gtcat1ltoptiongt ltoption selected value2gtcat2ltoptiongt  lt THIS Print Selected ltoption value3gtsubcat2ltoptiongt ltoption value4gtcat3ltoptiongt ltoption value5gtcat4ltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pin example codeGET[id]code  2 , so selected option with codevaluecode 2. how to select thisp
Negative 42922 pI have a ASP.NET application where an employee logs into Windows and then they have to select their name from a long list of names and log in into the application.p  pWhat I want to do is as soon as the employee opens the application it selects their name from the drop down box. p  pI believe if I can get the Windows User Id on page load I can then make my code select the user depending on the Windows user that is logged in.p  pQuestion is. How do you get Windows User Id that is currently logged in in C Asp.net Any ideas.p
Negative 42922 pI have a python script that basically does some stuff on a file and results in a shorter file.  I want the script to continue running on each subsequent output file until the output file and the most recent input file have the same number of lines.p  pThe python script works like thisp  precodepython Joiner.py input.txt output.txt codepre  pI want to create a BASH script that will run something like thisp  precodewhile [outputfilelines lt inputfilelines] do  python Joiner.py inputfile.txt outputfile.txt  done codepre  pWhere each output file then becomes the input file for the next loop.  Ive tried a few different things but I cant seem to get it to work correctly.  I cant figure out how to keep one file in the loop and spit out the other one.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pIve scoured the internet to try and find a solution for this, and perhaps Im not going about this the right way.p  pI need to compare two datasets, identical in structure, and would like to find new and changed objects using LINQ. p  pUsing what Ive found at a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles30102ComparingDataSetsusingLINQ relnofollowCodeProjecta, I was able to pull together a list of items that have changed, but this was done by hardcoding each column and there will be many and checking for identical values p  precodevar updRec  from u in updated              join o in orig                 on u.KeyValue equals o.KeyValue              where                 o.Propery1  u.Propery1                  o.Propery2  u.Propery2              select new record                                KeyValue  u.KeyValue,                  Propery1  u.Propery1,                  Propery2  u.Propery2 ,                  RecordType  mod  Modified               codepre  pI could use help with 2 things p  ol listrongIs there a more efficient way to loop through each of the columnsstrong, as I plan on adding many more properties that I need to compare There has to be a better way to dynamically check 2 identical datasets for changes.li listrongHow can I see emwhichem propery has changedstrong For example, creating a list of Property, OriginalValue, UpdatedValue for all items that are not identical li ol  pHopefully that explains it well. Please feel free to point me at other ways of handling this scenario if Im not looking at it correctly. p
Negative 42922 pIm really struggling to find what is going wrong here its just not quite adding up i have another cloning example in my code but i swear they are the same yet this one is not working a hrefhttpjsfiddle.neta4KZs relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.neta4KZsap  precodeaddArrivalDeparture.clickfunction         .question21last.after.question21first.clonetrue           deleteArrivalDeparture.clickfunction          if.question21.length1         .question21last.remove       ltdiv classquestiontextgt                     22. ArrivalDeparture Detailsltbrgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv idquestion21 classinputgt                     ltdiv classquestion21gt                     Arrival Dateltbrgt                     ltselect idselectday4 classdaydategt                         ltoptiongtDayltoptiongt                     ltscriptgt                         var select  document.getElementByIdselectday4                         var options  new Array                         var temp  1                         forvar i  0 i lt 31 i                              options.pushtemp                             temp                         forvar i  0 i lt options.length i                              var opt  options[i]                             var el  document.createElementoption                             el.textContent  opt                             el.value  opt                             select.appendChildel                     ltscriptgt                     ltselectgt                     ltselect idselectmonth4 classmonthdategt                         ltoptiongtMonthltoptiongt                     ltscriptgt                         var select  document.getElementByIdselectmonth4                         var options  [January, Febuary, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December]                         forvar i  0 i lt options.length i                                                   var opt  options[i]                         var el  document.createElementoption                         el.textContent  opt                         el.value  opt                         select.appendChildel                                              ltscriptgt                     ltselectgt                     ltselect idselectyear4  classyeardategt                         ltoptiongtYearltoptiongt                     ltscriptgt                         var select  document.getElementByIdselectyear4                         var options  new Array                         var firstyear  new Date.getFullYear  18                         var temp  firstyear                         forvar i  0 i lt 83 i                              options.pushtemp                             temp                         forvar i  0 i lt options.length i                              var opt  options[i]                             var el  document.createElementoption                             el.textContent  opt                             el.value  opt                             select.appendChildel                     ltscriptgt                     ltselectgtltbrgt                     CityPort of Arrivalltbrgt                     ltinput typetext namearrivaldeparture classtextboxgtltbrgt                     FlightShipltbrgt                     ltinput typetext namearrivaldeparture classtextboxgtltbrgt                     Departure Dateltbrgt                     ltselect idselectday5 classdaydategt                         ltoptiongtDayltoptiongt                     ltscriptgt                         var select  document.getElementByIdselectday5                         var options  new Array                         var temp  1                         forvar i  0 i lt 31 i                              options.pushtemp                             temp                         forvar i  0 i lt options.length i                              var opt  options[i]                             var el  document.createElementoption                             el.textContent  opt                             el.value  opt                             select.appendChildel                     ltscriptgt                     ltselectgt                     ltselect idselectmonth5 classmonthdategt                         ltoptiongtMonthltoptiongt                     ltscriptgt                         var select  document.getElementByIdselectmonth5                         var options  [January, Febuary, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December]                         forvar i  0 i lt options.length i                                                   var opt  options[i]                         var el  document.createElementoption                         el.textContent  opt                         el.value  opt                         select.appendChildel                                              ltscriptgt                     ltselectgt                     ltselect idselectyear5  classyeardategt                         ltoptiongtYearltoptiongt                     ltscriptgt                         var select  document.getElementByIdselectyear5                         var options  new Array                         var firstyear  new Date.getFullYear  18                         var temp  firstyear                         forvar i  0 i lt 83 i                              options.pushtemp                             temp                         forvar i  0 i lt options.length i                              var opt  options[i]                             var el  document.createElementoption                             el.textContent  opt                             el.value  opt                             select.appendChildel                     ltscriptgt                     ltselectgtltbrgt                     CityPort of Departureltbrgt                     ltinput typetext namearrivaldeparture classtextboxgtltbrgt                     FlightShipltbrgt                     ltinput typetext namearrivaldeparture classtextboxgtltbrgt                     Country of Destinationltbrgt                     ltinput typetext namearrivaldeparture classtextboxgtltbrgt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv idadddeleteArrivalDeparturegt                     ltdiv idaddArrivalDeparturegt                         ltinput typebutton valueAdd ArrivalDeparturegt                      ltdivgt                     ltdiv iddeleteArrivalDeparturegt                         ltinput typebutton valueDelete ArrivalDeparturegt                     ltdivgt                 ltdivgt codepre
Negative 42922 pDoes the Java compiler emorem the JIT compiler optimize divisions or multiplications by a constant power of two down to bitshiftingp  pFor example, are the following two statements optimized to be the samep  precodeint median  start  end  start gtgtgt 1 int median  start  end  start  2 codepre  psubbasically a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2580680doesacccompileroptimizeconstantdivisionsbypoweroftwovalueintoshithis questiona but for Javasubp
Negative 42922 pI have an existing cmake file that generates a .so library. I want to modify it so that it will then make a copy of the .so named something else. This is roughly what I havep  precodeCMAKEMINIMUMREQUIREDVERSION 2.8.7 PROJECTtest1  SETTESTSOURCES f1.c ADDLIBRARYtest SHARED TESTSOURCES ADDCUSTOMCOMMAND     OUTPUT custom1     COMMAND cp libtest.so custom1     DEPENDS libtest.so codepre  pI realise there are better ways than hardcoding the library name, Im just doing this while I try and figure out how to make it work at all. Whats the thing Im missing that will cause my copyrename custom command to run Note this is not an installtime thing. Thanksp
Negative 42922 pSo, I have a Flask app. Right now, Im trying to make a column of checkboxes on an HTML table. When you click the delete selected button, itll delete the entries by doing thisp  pIterate through the table and get all checked checkboxes.p  pThe value of the checkbox is the URL to make a request to delete that row.p  pI make an AJAX request with the URL taken from the value of that checkbox. The URL is in a format like codeitemtypeidcode where id is a number. The type of the AJAX request is DELETE. So for each checked check box, I make a DELETE request to that URL.p  pThough, it simply fails when I make these requests. I dont know how to get the status code from the HTTP request. My apps logs arent showing any 3xx, 4xx, or 5xx errors related to that URL.p  pHowever, if I have an alert before the first request, then they will succeed. Though, if I have only a single row checked, that single request will fail.p
Negative 42922 pGiven domain classes p  precodeclass Person    String name   Address address   static embedded  [address]   class Address    String addressLine1   String addressLine2   String city   String state   String postalCode   String phone  codepre  pIs there a recommended why to create fixtures when using embedded domainsp  pWhat I have tried in my fixture filep  precodeaddress1Address      addressLine1  1444 Palm Ave     addressLine2  suite 07     city  Kissiammee     state  FL     postalCode  34741     phone  6155551111   person1Person      name  Fixture Person     address  refaddress1  codepre  pIn this case person1 gets into the DB with the address1 data embedded in the table as expected, but a row is also added in the address table. When I create a person though the personController in a running application the address row does not get created, and I would like to have my fixtures work similar to that if possible.p  pThis was something I tried on a guess. Didnt work... p  precodeperson2Person      name  Test Person     address  [         addressLine1  222 Boone Ave,         city          Boone,         state         IA,         postalCode    50210,         phone         5155551111,     ]  codepre  pMy controller is mostly scaffolded with some small tweaks to handle REST json. If I pass p  precode   nameRest Fixture person,   address     addressLine1333 Boone Ave,     cityBoone,     ...      codepre  pI get the address embedded on the person as expected and no row in the address table as desired. So just wondering if I can pull this same data setup off with the fixture plugin.p
Negative 42922 pI am validating a form thats working fine but i dont know why the form not submit after all validations. p  pHere is validation code p  precodecouponoptions.submitfunctione     e.preventDefault      var name  input[namecouponname],          code  input[namecouponcode],          value  input[namecouponvalue],          valid  input[namecouponvalid],          status  true      if .trimname.val            name.cssbordercolor, ff0000         status  false      else  name.removeAttrstyle       if .trimcode.val            code.cssbordercolor, ff0000         status  false      else  code.removeAttrstyle       if .trimvalue.val            value.cssbordercolor, ff0000         status  false      else  value.removeAttrstyle       if .trimvalid.val            valid.cssbordercolor, ff0000         status  false      else  valid.removeAttrstyle       if status  true  return status       else  return false    codepre  pAs i know to stop the refresh after submit event i have used the codereturn falsecode but i am not sure return true works here or not  p  pI dont want to use Ajax, just want to submit after validation.  Is there something wrong in this codep
Negative 42922 pI have a litte problem with the codeDoCmd.RunCommand acCmdAboutMicrosoftAccesscode command in MS Access 2010 with the emRuntime flag setem.p  pAccess crashes on all machines with Access 2010 Runtime or Access 2010 with the Runtime flag. Without the Runtime flag there is no Problem. Access 200220032007 works also well.. p  pCode that cause the crashp  precodePrivate Sub BTInfoClick    DoCmd.RunCommand acCmdAboutMicrosoftAccess End Sub codepre  pThe problem seems to be inside the MSO.DLL but I have no idea how to work around. Can anyone helpp
Negative 42922 pIm having problems to passa an Javascript array by ajax to my application. The ajax call is executing my serverside method but the parameter is null, and, even before my method finish processing, ajax throws error execute its error function.p  pThis is my ajax callp  precodeltscriptgt     var permissoesUsuario  Array     function           funcao de envio das permissoes         btnSalvar.clickfunction               desabilita o botao de salvar             this.attrdisabled, disabled              .eachinput[namechkPermissao]checked, function                   permissoesUsuario.push                     IdEmpresa this.attrdataempresa,                     IdPermissao this.attrdatapermissao                                            .ajax                 url Url.ContentFuncionarioPermissoes,                 data JSON.stringifypermissoesUsuario,                 type POST,                 contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,                 success function response                      permissoesUsuario  Array                     if response                            window.location  Url.ContentFuncionario                                      ,                 error function                     console.logErro                                        ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd my serverside methodp  precode[HttpPost] public ActionResult PermissoesIListltPermissaoAcessoInputModelgt permInput       Do something  codepre  pMy permInput variable is null..p  pThis is my PermissaoAcessoInputModel Classp  precodepublic class PermissaoAcessoInputModel      public virtual int IdPermissao  get set       public virtual ulong IdEmpresa  get set   codepre
Negative 42922 pI have created a child theme with a new page template on some test site and I have to integrate this functionality into a live site. My theme folder contains lots of php files, css and javascript and my question is the live site obviously has an active theme, so am I to just carefully place my files into their active theme I have got the followingp  precodeimages folder js folder twitter folder with php files header.php footer.php functions.php mypagetemplate.php style.css codepre  pCan you guide me where to place those files so I dont screw everything upp
Negative 42922 pSo I need to sort the data from the xml file by last name in java, and here is the xml file p  precode        ltemployeeListgt         ltemployeegt             ltnamegt                 ltlastgtJohnsonltlastgt                 ltfirstgtJasonltfirstgt             ltnamegt         ltemployeegt         ltemployeegt             ltnamegt                 ltlastgtMcGradyltlastgt                 ltfirstgtMikeltfirstgt             ltnamegt         ltemployeegt         ltemployeegt             ltnamegt                 ltlastgtAllenltlastgt                 ltfirstgtChrisltfirstgt             ltnamegt         ltemployeegt         ltemployeegt             ltnamegt                 ltlastgtZellerltlastgt                 ltfirstgtTomltfirstgt             ltnamegt         ltemployeegt          ltemployeegt             ltnamegt                 ltlastgtCampltlastgt                 ltfirstgtAlexltfirstgt             ltnamegt         ltemployeegt codepre  pand here is what I have so far, able to print the code out, but how do I sort them by last name please help p  precodeimport javax.xml.parsers.DocumentBuilderFactory import javax.xml.parsers.DocumentBuilder import org.w3c.dom.Document import org.w3c.dom.NodeList import org.w3c.dom.Node import org.w3c.dom.Element import java.io.File public class SortLastName     public static void mainString[] args         try       File employeesList  new Fileemployees.xml      DocumentBuilderFactory employeesFactory  DocumentBuilderFactory.newInstance      DocumentBuilder employeesBuilder  employeesFactory.newDocumentBuilder     Document employees  employeesBuilder.parseemployeesList      employees.getDocumentElement.normalize      NodeList nEmployeesList  employees.getElementsByTagNameemployee      int totalEmployees  nEmployeesList.getLength    for int a  0 a lt totalEmployees a         Node list  nEmployeesList.itema         if list.getNodeType  Node.ELEMENTNODE               Element information  Element list         String lastName  information.getElementsByTagNamelast.item0.getTextContent         String firstName  information.getElementsByTagNamefirst.item0.getTextContent         System.out.printlnLast name   lastName          System.out.printlnFirst name   firstName         System.out.println                        catchException e         e.printStackTrace    codepre  p p
Negative 42922 pI was using eclipse ide to build apk file . Now i want to create apk file in command line in linux. But when i say ant debug it gives following error  p  precodeUnable to obtain resource from anttasks.jar   java.util.zip.ZipException  error in opening zip file  Problem  failed to create task or type checkenv  Cause  The name is undefined  Action  Check the spelling Action  Check that any custom taskstypes have been declared Action  Check that any ltpresetdefgtltmacrodefgt declarations have taken place codepre  pI have ant version 1.9.2 . and android version 17. I have build.xml file .p  pEdit  I changed my ant version into 1.8.0 , But whatever i do still i am getting those failed to create task or type checkenv error . p
Negative 42922 pReport Table p  precodeCountry    Report Section  Report Field     Report Value  India      Section1       No of Employees   100 India      Section1       No of Dept        5 India      Section1       No of Contractors 10 India      Section2       Avg. Working Hrs  8 India      Section2       Avg. Utilization  80 India      Section2       Avg. Pay          200 China      Section1       No of Employees   110 China      Section1       No of Dept        4 China      Section1       No of Contractors 1 China      Section2       Avg. Working Hrs  10 China      Section2       Avg. Utilization  90 China      Section2       Avg. Pay          100 codepre  pNeed output like without any aggregate functionp  precode Report Section  Report Field     India   China   Section1       No of Employees   100     110  Section1       No of Dept        5       4  Section1       No of Contractors 10      1  Section2       Avg. Working Hrs  8       10  Section2       Avg. Utilization  80      90  Section2       Avg. Pay          200     100 codepre  pHow can achieve this using sql server PIVOT functionalityp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to format a PSObject related to a question a few days back. My object looks like this p  precodeNewObject PSObject Property      Version winVersion.Caption     Processor Name  processorInfo.Name     Processor Manufacturer  processorInfo.Manufacturer     Processor Max Clock Speed  processorInfo.MaxClockSpeed       formatlist  codepre  pThe above gives the following outputp  precodeProcessor Manufacturer     GenuineIntel Processor Max Clock Speed  2201 Version                    Microsoft Windows 8 Pro Processor Name             IntelR CoreTM i72670QM CPU  2.20GHz codepre  pHowever, thisp  precodeNewObject PSObject Property      Windows Version winVersion.Caption     Processor Name  processorInfo.Name     Processor Manufacturer  processorInfo.Manufacturer     Processor Max Clock Speed  processorInfo.MaxClockSpeed       formatlist  codepre  pgives the following outputp  precodeProcessor Manufacturer     GenuineIntel Processor Max Clock Speed  2201 Processor Name             IntelR CoreTM i72670QM CPU  2.20GHz Windows Version            Microsoft Windows 8 Pro codepre  pNot really a big deal, but I wonder why the formatting changes It does not seem to be alphabetical in any way. Furthermore, I tried sorting the object with SortObject from AZ but to no avail. Is it String relatedp
Negative 42922 pI just downloaded PHPlot and included it into a php file. I tried to get an example work, but there are only some signs not a graph.p  pIm Using XAMPP and Joomla.p  pThis shows me p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwBHIX.jpg altenter image description herep  pI need GD enabled, just a screenshot of my GD settingsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsAipO.jpg althttps1.directupload.netfiled3382jv3omrnyjpg.htmp  pDid I do anything wrongp  hr  pI tried to place the file outside of joomla and placed it to xampp  it works. But I need that graph inside my joomla installation.p  pCodep  precodeltphp headerContentType imagepng require librariesphplot6.1.0phplot.php data  array         array, 1800,   5, array, 1810,   7, array, 1820,  10,         array, 1830,  13, array, 1840,  17, array, 1850,  23,         array, 1860,  31, array, 1870,  39, array, 1880,  50,         array, 1890,  63, array, 1900,  76, array, 1910,  92,         array, 1920, 106, array, 1930, 123, array, 1940, 132,         array, 1950, 151, array, 1960, 179, array, 1970, 203,         array, 1980, 227, array, 1990, 249, array, 2000, 281,   plot  new PHPlot800, 600 plotgtSetImageBorderTypeplain  plotgtSetPlotTypelines plotgtSetDataTypedatadata plotgtSetDataValuesdata   Main plot title plotgtSetTitleUS Population, in millions   Make sure Y axis starts at 0 plotgtSetPlotAreaWorldNULL, 0, NULL, NULL plotgtDrawGraph  phpinfo gt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have an codeaspbuttoncode called Delete and what I want to do is have a JavaScript confirm popup with the options Yes and No. If Yes then delete a record from a SQL DB else if No then nothing should happen.p  precodeltaspButton runatserver IDbtnDelete TextDelete    OnClientClickifconfirmDeletealertYou chose yeselse alertYou chose no    OnClickbtnDeleteClick gt codepre  pcodebtnDeleteClickcode contains SQL delete logic.p  pThe problem I am having is that the codeOnClickcode method always gets executed. Whether you pick Yes or No from the JavaScript popup the record gets deleted regardless. It seems to always cause a postback.p  pCan I somehow get the Yes or No result into my code behind so I can actually do a simple if statement for the delete logicp
Negative 42922 pI have recently released an app on the Google Play Store and have received a support email from a customer wanting to download the app. However neither of his devices are compatible with the app. Ive tried multiple things and Im not really sure why it still isnt compatible. Ive added requiredfalse to hardware features like the camera etc. The devices he owns are the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx on 4.1.2 and the Asus Transformer TF700T on 4.2. The apps target SDK is 4.2 and therefore Im really struggling to get these apps to work for him.  Has anybody had similar issues with any of these devices or similar Please help me.p  pHere is the permissions and features from my Android Manifest, if that helps anybodyp  precodeltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.VIBRATE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.GETACCOUNTS gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READCONTACTS gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITECONTACTS gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READCALENDAR gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITECALENDAR gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE gt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.CAMERA gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.NETWORKgt ltusespermission androidnamecom.android.vending.BILLING gt     ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.camera androidrequiredfalse gt ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.camera.front androidrequiredfalse gt ltusesfeature androidnameandroid.hardware.vibrate androidrequiredfalsegt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have the following PHP classp  precodeclass Dog         var name      var age      var gender    codepre  pI have the following sql statement  p  precodesql  Select NAME,VALUE from dogDetails where id  1   results  thisgtdbgtquerysql   dog  new Dog foreachresults as result        doggtresultgtNAME  resultgtVALUE  This fails    codepre  pPHP error  p  blockquote   pObject of class stdClass could not be converted to stringp blockquote  pQuestion How do I bind values dynamically from the result setp
Negative 42922 pI looked all over and couldnt find a solution. I want to set the percentage height of an image and keep the aspect ratio for the width.p  pDoesnt work for height in IEp  precodeimg     height 70     width auto     position absolute     top 0     left 0  codepre  pDoes work for width in IEp  precodeimg     height auto     width 70     position absolute     top 0     left 0  codepre  pAny help much appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI have an multithreaded application that uses a DLL that I created. There is a certain function that will fail if the DLL has not run a certain function yet. How can I make sure that the thread that runs this application function waits for that DLL function to complete before continuing  p  pVisualizationp  pO  DLL Function Completesp  pT  Application Function Startsp  pApp ThreadOp  pDLL ThreadTp
Negative 42922 pCurrently our application is restricted to text, images and audio mime types. I have been given the responsibility of adding a new feature  overlaying text on images similar to snapchat. The image editing will be done on the server side my task and the text would be provided by the client using a jquery. I think that the ImageFont module of Pythons Imaging Library PIL can be used to do this. So my question  how would I go about implementing this Will the script be similar to this  a hrefhttppythoncatalin.blogspot.com201006addtextonimagewithpilmodule.html relnofollowhttppythoncatalin.blogspot.com201006addtextonimagewithpilmodule.htmla  Currently we are using amazon s3 for our object store. If I write the script in our DB API, Will it be major performance issue the ultimate goal is to have a separate service for image processing I am quite new to Python and PIL so any help would be much appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pCurrently, Im using this code to get the list of MS Word opened documentsp  precodeListltstringgt doclist  new Listltstringgt try      Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application WordObj     WordObj  Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.ApplicationSystem.Runtime.InteropServices.Marshal.GetActiveObjectWord.Application     for int i  0 i lt WordObj.Windows.Count i              object idx  i  1         Window WinObj  WordObj.Windows.getItemref idx         doclist.AddWinObj.Document.FullName       catch       No documents opened  codepre  pAnd it correctly works if the documents have been opened directly, i.e. by double clicking on them. However, I noticed that if I open a MS Word document directly from C code, likep  precodeMicrosoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application wordapp  new Microsoft.Office.Interop.Word.Application  object inputFile  selecteddoc     selecteddoc contains the document name object confirmConversions  false object readOnly  false object visible  true object missing  Type.Missing  Document doc  wordapp.Documents.Open     ref inputFile, ref confirmConversions, ref readOnly, ref missing,     ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing,     ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref visible,     ref missing, ref missing, ref missing, ref missing codepre  pany document opened in this way is not found by the intial code, but I need to detect it. Why is it not found How can I modify the code so that the document opened from C will be foundp
Negative 42922 pI want to execute a javscript callback from within the codeltscriptgtcode tag after loading a javascript file, using query string codecallbackMyCallbackFuntioncode.p  pSomething similar to p  precodeltscript srchttpgdata.youtube.comfeedsusersUSERuploads         altjsoninscript         ampmaxresults30         ampcallbacklistVideosCallback      typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pHere at the end of codesrchttp...code, youtube uses the query string codecallback listVideosCallbackcode to execute the function codelistVideosCallbackcode after the datafile is loaded. How can I do something similarp
Negative 42922 pI have a date in the following format.  It is always in this format.p  precodeyyyyMMdd  gt  20130912 codepre  pI need to convert it to a date.  But I need to be sure that the date is converted to the correct date format of the PC.  Cultureinfo.InvariantCulture.   Here is what my code looks like now.p  precodeDateTime parsedDateTime int year  Int32.Parserows[row][4].ToString.Substring0, 4 int month  Int32.Parserows[row][4].ToString.Substring4, 2 int day  Int32.Parserows[row][4].ToString.Substring6, 2 DateTime value  new System.DateTimeyear, month, day  bool DateTimeParseFail  DateTime.TryParsevalue.ToStringyyyyMMdd,   CultureInfo.InvariantCulture, DateTimeStyles.None, out parsedDateTime  if DateTimeParseFail     msg  Data Feed Convert string to DateTime Date   rows[row][4].ToString      value.ToString    ComponentMetaData.FireError0, ComponentMetaData.Name, msg, string.Empty, 0, out pbCancel    throw new Exceptionmsg   else     buffer[colIndex]  parsedDateTime  codepre  pThis just looks like overkill to me and I suspect that Im overthinking it.  There has to be an easier way of doing this.  But everything I have tried hasnt worked like I expected it.   p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to come up with a way to transfer data from a Database to a JTable, At first i was thinking to do it using a ResultSet into a Vector into a DefaultTableModel, because DefaultTableModel takes only a Vector, But later as i read it seems that vector is obsolete and deprecated. So my question is, Would it be bad programming to use Vector in such case And if vector is deprecated then why does DefaultTableModel takes only a Vectorp  pthanks.p
Negative 42922 pI want to recreate the models in database after dropping everything in it. p  pMongoose or Mongo itself actually recreates the documents but not the indices. So is there a way to reset Mongoose so that it can recreate indices as if running the first timep  pThe reason why Im using dropDatabase is because it seems easier while testing. Otherwise I would have to remove all collections one by one.p
Negative 42922 pI desperately need help. I have a form. And I am trying to validate this with jQuery. I am using jQUery validation and jquery prettyCheckable from a hrefhttparthurgouveia.comprettyCheckable relnofollowherea . Now it validates everything. However, at the places I am using custom checkbox using pretty checkable custom911, it does not validate. p  pTo call prettycheckable I am callingp  precode.readyfunction     input.myClass.prettyCheckable  codepre  pWhen I take that call out, it validates. p
Negative 42922 precodevoid Test          boostthreadid id0  boostthisthreadgetid       int iThreadId  id0  here, how could I cast id0 to iThreadId    codepre  pCould someone tell me how to do it p
Negative 42922 pIm new to google app engine and python development and am trying to use Jinja2 as my templating engine.  I have a page that Im trying to include a header and footer on and I keep getting this error TemplateNotFound baseheader.htmlp  pMy code is below.  Please let me know if you have any suggestions. p  pstrongPythonstrongp  precodeJINJAENVIRONMENT  jinja2.Environment    loaderjinja2.FileSystemLoaderos.path.dirnamefile,    extensions[jinja2.ext.autoescape]  class MainPagewebapp.RequestHandler       def getself         templatevalues  title  Test Value         template  JINJAENVIRONMENT.gettemplatepublictemplatesindex.html         self.response.writetemplate.rendertemplatevalues codepre  pstrongConfigurationstrongp  precodelibraries  name webapp2   version latest  name jinja2   version latest codepre  pstrongFile Structurestrongp  precode my application    public      scripts      stylesheets      templates        base          header.html          footer.html        index.html    app.yaml    myapplication.py codepre  pstrongHTML index.htmlstrongp  precode include baseheader.html  ltnav classtopbar stylegt   lt more html here gt ltnavgt  include basefooter.html  codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to make an iOS app in which there are tabs on the main view on top which when touched displays a popover. The popover contains a list of names that the user can drag and drop to the main view. How could you implement this I have already found some answers on how to drag and drop when you are on the same viewp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16792771howtodragalabelanddroponuitoolbariteminiphoneHow to drag a label and drop on UIToolbarItem in iphoneap  pHowever, what is the best way to do it when you are doing this on two different views Thanks a lot.p
Negative 42922 pI have a came across a rather annoying bug in one of my apps.  In iOS7 when I hold down on a UITextView or UITextField to bring up the Magnifying Glass, nothing shows up in the magnified area.  This problem is app wide and the only element that ever shows up in the circle area is the keyboard itself when I drag my finger down to the top of it.p  pI have tried everything from View Controllers with only a single UITextView to UIWebView and the problem is app wide.p  pThe magnifying glass works as expected on iOS6 devices, and the iOS7 simulator. But not on any of the devices I have tested it with running iOS7. p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZkbIN.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pIn the case of garbage collector performance comparison between .NET 4.5 and Java, is there any detailed comparison which shows their efficiency in different situationsp  pIve found a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions492703netvsjavagarbagecollectorthisa.Net vs Java Garbage Collector  question which has a good answer, but its as old as about 4 years ago. I think with .NET 4.5 and Java 7, there should be some more optimizations.p
Negative 42922 pI have nonuniformly located samples of an image, and would like to interpolate to a regular grid because among other things most image graphics functions expect a regular grid. I notice there are some MatLab functions see a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12429283imageinterpolationfromrandompixelsImage interpolation from random pixelsa for example which apparently will do this, but couldnt find an Rpackage that does.br Heres a simple example.  p  precodemake up some 2D func yltmatrixrep110,10 .5  runif100,nrow10 xltmatrixrep110,10 .5  runif100,nrow10 inmatltsinx  cosy codepre  pSo the values of codeinmatcode are on random locations. I want some sort of codeoutmatltinterpolateinmat,x,y,gridx,gridycode function where codeinmatcode , codexcode,and codeycode are either all matrices or all vectors unwrapped matrices.p  pI see also that SciPy has a hrefhttpdocs.scipy.orgdocscipyreferencegeneratedscipy.interpolate.interp2d.htmlhttpdocs.scipy.orgdocscipyreferencegeneratedscipy.interpolate.interp2d.htmla which does this.  Is there such a function in an codeRcode package or do I need to port from codeSciPycode or codeMatLabcode codep
Negative 42922 pI have next problem p  pI try to process input in field, that displayed in browser, for example in text field for search in www.google.com. But for Android 4.1.2 and above that type of fields work with some problems with InputConnection.p  precode it return null for ic.getExtractedText however ic.getTextBeforeCursor return normal value  when i use ic.sendKeyEvent for backspace it doesnt make effect until call ic.endBatchEdit  codepre  pBut for regular edittext or in Android 2.3.3 it return correct value and delete last character right away, even until endBatchEdit callp  pWhats wrong with this and how correct work with this fields Thanks.p
Negative 42922 pbr  When transitioning to a dynamic route with an empty array as the model, it seems like Ember relates to it as codeundefinedcode.p  pThus, if this is the templatep  precodelinkTo dynamic arrayProxylinklinkTo codepre  pand this is the route definitionp  precodeDynamicRoute  Ember.Route.createfunction    model functionparams      return this.modelForparent.findparams.name   ,    serialize functionmodel      return  name model.getname      codepre  pwhen codearrayProxycode is either code[]code or codeEmber.ArrayProxy.createcontent []code, after clicking on the link br the model hook will not get called, of course. br  The serialize hook will get codeundefinedcode as the codemodelcode, no matter that ArrayProxy is a valid Ember object with its own properties.p  pDoes anyone know how to force ember handle empty arrays differently from codeundefinedcodep
Negative 42922 pSo I am working with css animations, and in javascript you can start one and stop one with the following codep  precodeelement.style.webkitAnimationPlayStatepaused element.style.webkitAnimationPlayStaterunning codepre  pnow I have some Jquery that looks as suchp  precode.info.clickfunction     it  this.closest.thing     how can I use the above javascript on the specified jquery element  codepre  pmy question is in the comment in the code. strongIs this possible and howstrongp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netzj5G5 relnofollowhere is a jsfiddle showing how it is not workingap
Negative 42922 pTwo observations when dealing with popups in Chrome for iOSp  ol liPopups that are spawned inside an iframe will kill the parent window, the tab will closed, never to be seen againli liPopups that are spawned in a noniframe context open a new tab with the popup expected, then when the popup is done with its business it not possible to communicate back to the parent using window.openerli ol  pFor 2, a potential option would be to use localStorage polling in the parent window. For 1, I have yet to find a solution.p  pDetailsp  ul liIn 1 the iframe was hosted on a HTTP site, but the content inside the iframe was HTTPSli liWe have not been able to reproduce 1 or 2 in any other environment except Chrome for iOSli ul  pstrongQuestionstrong What is a way to handle communication between popups and their parents in Chrome iOS without a killing the tab itself or b parent hanging around forever waiting for a response If theres no feasibe solution that cater for these issues, then, what can I do insteadp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to implement a simple validator class system wich respect SOLID principles and for unit testing purpose.p  pSuppose I have some simple validators mandatory, integer, greaterThan ... and now I want to implement a more complex validator wich call several simple validators example Form Validator wich use some validatorsp  pThis is very inspired from Zend and other framework.p  pThe question is, how SOLID principle are applyed or violated here and how unit testing should be done for this modelp  pI think I could Unit Test each simple validator easily but not the complex FormValidatorp  precodeinterface ICheckable      public function checkdata   class MandatoryValidator implements ICheckable      private property      public function constructproperty              thisgtproperty  property           public function checkdata              return issetdata[property]        class IntegerValidator implements ICheckable      ...    class FormValidator implements ICheckable      public function checkdata              mandatoryValidator  new MandatoryValidatorarrayLOGIN          if mandatoryValidatorgtcheckdata  false                                 return false                   integerValidator  new IntegerValidator          if integerValidatorgtcheckdata[AMOUNT]  false                                 return false                   ...         return true       codepre
Negative 42922 pI have provided a link from my web site in my andoird app which isp  blockquote   pwww.mysite.comsupportp blockquote  pAnd i want this link to be redirected top  blockquote   pwww.anothersite.comp blockquote  pi have already tried comredirect and entered codesupportcode as source and codehttpww.anothersite.comcode but i dont get any redirects and i get 404 error.p  pI am running Joomla 3.x and i want to know how i can do this with URL rewrites and no external components.p
Negative 42922 pHow do i redirect a rootwpcontent to main index page in wordpress i have installed redirection plugin and define their a hrefhttpwww.heraldsolutions.inwpcontent relnofollowhttpwww.heraldsolutions.inwpcontenta to a hrefhttpwww.heraldsolutions.in relnofollowhttpwww.heraldsolutions.ina but its redirection is not working also we have maintain .htaccess apply rule but its not redirect on hompage.please help to solve this issue    p  p.htaccess file code p  precodeltfiles wpconfig.phpgt order allow,deny deny from all ltfilesgt  ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On     RewriteBase      RewriteRule wpcontent.  [L,R,NC] ltIfModulegt  ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On     RewriteBase      RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f     RewriteRule [az09]1,4[.]htmpdfjar default.php [L] ltIfModulegt   BEGIN WordPress ltIfModule modrewrite.cgt RewriteEngine On RewriteBase  RewriteRule index.php  [L] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . index.php [L] ltIfModulegt    END WordPress  Redirect home httpheraldsolutions.in Redirect home index.php  EXPIRES CACHING  ltIfModule modexpires.cgt ExpiresActive On ExpiresByType imagejpg access 1 year ExpiresByType imagejpeg access 1 year ExpiresByType imagegif access 1 year ExpiresByType imagepng access 1 year ExpiresByType textcss access 1 month ExpiresByType applicationpdf access 1 month ExpiresByType textxjavascript access 1 month ExpiresByType applicationxshockwaveflash access 1 month ExpiresByType imagexicon access 1 year ExpiresDefault access 2 days ltIfModulegt  EXPIRES CACHING  ltIfModule moddeflate.cgt AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE texthtml textplain textxml textcss applicationxjavascript BrowserMatch Mozilla4 gziponlytexthtml BrowserMatch Mozilla4.0[678] nogzip BrowserMatch bMSIE nogzip gziponlytexthtml ltIfModulegt  compress text, html, javascript, css, xml AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE textplain AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE texthtml AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE textxml AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE textcss AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE applicationxml AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE applicationxhtmlxml AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE applicationrssxml AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE applicationjavascript AddOutputFilterByType DEFLATE applicationxjavascript   Or, compress certain file types by extension ltFiles .htmlgt SetOutputFilter DEFLATE ltFilesgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to call an action when a button is clicked. I have a button for accept a request, so when I click this button I want to call the action codeactionRequestAcceptencecode, but this action is being called automatically without clicking the button.p  phere is the codep  precodeCHtmlimageButtonsrc.accept.ico, arrayidgtaccept, onClickgtthisgtactionRequestAcceptencemodelr[j]gtidRequest, modelgtidUser,confirmgtare you sure,stylegtwidth32pxheight32px codepre  pso where is the problemp
Negative 42922 pI have a loop Im using to assign individual values but I need to add a letter to the end of the assigned value.  Is there a work around for something like thisp  precodealpha  [a, b, c, d, e, f]   place  0   print alpha [d] place   place  place  1 codepre  pIt works when using a real value, but how can I iterate through this list when its being used as the output  The code Im using is for ArcGIS so I will paste what I have below for reference.p  precodefor row in rows1       name  row.getValueName       print name       arcpy.SelectLayerByAttributemanagementmapLyr1, NEWSELECTION, FID  s searchrow       searchrow  searchrow  1       arcpy.SelectLayerByLocationmanagementmapLyr2, HAVETHEIRCENTERIN, mapLyr1, 0, ADDTOSELECTION       for row in rows2           row.tile  name  A           rows2.updateRowrow   codepre  pSo the first loop selects a large feature and its used to select the smaller features within it.  Then the name of the large feature is assigned to the smaller features within it, but I need to add a letter to end in order to keep each smaller features name unique.p
Negative 42922 pI have an httpinboundendpoint. Is there any way to get a handle to HttpServletRequest object in a FilterInterceptor Is ObjectToHttpClientMethodRequest an answer If so, could someone please provide a samplep
Negative 42922 pFirst I want to create a PNG image and draw a shape inside it.p  pSecond Overlap the first PNG on another image for example a jpg image The problem is When I create the first PNG with a shape inside the background is not transparent and is dark so this make a black overlap on second image.p  pHow can I fix itp  pI dont work so much with images function so I got trouble.p  pstrongNotesstrong I need to create the first transparent PNG and then overlap it on second image. I dont want to create shape directly on second image.p  pemstrongAnd The Codeemstrongp  precodeltphp      defineEXAMPLETMPSERVERPATH,      defineEXAMPLETMPURLRELPATH,        tempDir  EXAMPLETMPSERVERPATH     fileName  test3img.png       imgW  125     imgH  125       First     baseimage  imagecreatetruecolorimgW, imgH      black  imagecolorallocatebaseimage, 0, 0, 0     imagecolortransparentbaseimage, black     col[0]  imagecolortransparentbaseimage, black      imagealphablendingbaseimage, true     imagesavealphabaseimage, true       imagefillbaseimage, 0, 0, col[0]      imagefilledrectanglebaseimage, 4, 4, 50, 25, 255      imagepngbaseimage, tempDir.fileName    First2 targetimage  imagecreatetruecolorimgW5, imgH5 black2  imagecolorallocatealphabaseimage, 0, 0, 0, 127  imagecolortransparenttargetimage, black2  imagecopyresizedtargetimage, baseimage, 0, 0, 0, 0,imgW, imgH, imgW, imgH imagedestroybaseimage imagepngtargetimage, tempDir.fileName imagedestroytargetimage  First2       Second         dest  imagecreatefromjpeg..avatar.jpg     src  imagecreatefrompngEXAMPLETMPURLRELPATH.fileName       imagealphablendingdest, true     imagesavealphadest, true      imagealphablendingsrc, true      imagecopyresampled                         dest,                         src,                         0,0,                         0,0,                         200, 200,                         125, 125                            imagepngdest, EXAMPLETMPURLRELPATH.m.jpeg      imagedestroydest     imagedestroysrc  gt codepre
Negative 42922 pi have the following input tagp  precodeltinput iditemamount typetext iditemstk placeholder1 value classinputsmall placeholder stylefloat leftgt codepre  pnow to make sure that this input fields value is less than a certain amount i made the following Jquery functionp  precodevar maxamount  maxamount.val   itemamount .keyupfunction         ifthis.val gt maxamount         this.val maxamount       codepre  pNow max value is set to 2p  pif i write 4 in the input field it correctly returns the value to 2.p  pHowever if start by writing 1 then 2 then 3 then 4 ect ect ect. then it never gets into the if statement and resets the value. p  pie. the value of the input field is now 1234 which is far more than 2.p  pSo what am i doing wrongp
Negative 42922 pI have some Divs that appears when you click on certain links. The divs with the class name positioncenter vertical centers on the screen. But the thing is that the divs is offset the center on load until you resize the window. p  pI tried to search the question database but I cant seem to find the solution to the problem.p  pThe Javascript code for centering and showing the divsp  precodeonResize  function          var topPos  window.height  .positioncenter.outerHeight2         .positioncenter.css             top topPos gt 0  topPos  0                   document.readyfunction          onResize         window.resizeonResize         .modalbutton.clickfunction             divsvisible.hide             this.attrdatashowdiv.show                  .abort.clickfunction              div.modalbackground.hide               codepre  pHTML for one of the Divsp  precode ltdiv classmodalbackground idmodal1gt     ltdiv classmodalwindowgt         ltdiv classmodalcontent positioncentergt             ltspan classtitlegtModal 2ltspangt             ltpgtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.ltpgt             lta href classbutton abortgtltspangtAbortltspangtltagt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt  codepre  pThe link for calling the divs p  precodelta classmodalbutton datashowdivmodal1 hrefgtltspangtSHOW DIVltspangtltagt codepre  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI need to store an array at a specific address 0x10000200. How would I do this  would I do something like p  blockquote   plui v0,0x10000p      paddi v0,v0,0x100p blockquote  por does that only set v0 to the address not create the array at the address..  Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI need to validate inapp purchase receipts. Apple has released a new approach for receipts, now the receipts can be stored on device in NSBundle. It requires OpenSSL and ASN1 be added to XCode project in order to encode and validate the receipts. I have been searching online for possible solution. No luck. If anybody has done it already, please help. 1. I need to use OpenSSL and ASN1, add libraries libcrypto.a and libssl.a 2. Write a code for validating receipts for iOS7.p
Negative 42922 pi am running a mysql query to return all rows from a temp database, i then need to ammend some of the attributes in those rows so i am trying to return each row to an array so i can then reference the array and amend specific attributes of each rowp  pim just stuck on how to get each row into its own array, im guessing i will need to use a 2d array for this however cannot figure out how to populate it from the mysql query into the 2d array. Im guessing it is something like i have tried below p  precode    resultarray  array while row  mysqlfetchassocres2   resultarray[]  var foreachrow as key gt var   Insert into array echo var  codepre  phowever when trying this i am getting a notice sayingp  blockquote   pNotice Array to string conversionp blockquote  pany help pointing me in the right direction for this would be greatp
Negative 42922 pHow to check the installed gcc has any of the flags enabled in configuration.p  pE.g. I want to check if installed gcc has this enablecxaatexit flag enabled p  pI have Ubuntu 12.04 amp gcc 4.6p
Negative 42922 pThe google sample dosent work.  I cant find a working one. Documentation is useless.p  pframework .net 4.5.1p  pnugetp  ul liDotNetOpenAuth 5.0.0alpha1li liGoogle.Apis.Calendar.v3 Version 1.5.0.65betali liGoogle.Apis.Authentication.OAuth2 Version 1.2.4696.27634li ul  pfirst line first errorp  pvar provider  new NativeApplicationClientGoogleAuthenticationServer.Description id, keyp  pmodule dotnetopenoauth, versio4.0.0.111 should be referencedp  pI have tried so many frameorks and online example but work either.p  pSorry for my bad english.p
Negative 42922 pSince the last version is 1.9, released on 2011, but the documentation only covers from 1.0 to 1.5. Also Windows Installers arent available. It seems that theres poor activity around the framework, also in the mailing list and IRC channel.p  pEdited the title because of the confusions. Thanks to everyone for the replies.p
Negative 42922 pI have a web page using JSP and Struts2.p  pOn this page I have a struts Iterator with quite a lot data around 200. I write for each data I have one tag codetrcode.p  pMy problem is under this list, I have another property which doesnt appear when I load the page but If I change the style of one tag on the page with the developer tool of IE, It automatically appears.p  pThe property is in the source code and just doesnt appear. But it work well without the compatibility view.p  pIf someone knows this issue and how solve it without write codeltmeta httpequivXUACompatible contentIE8 gtcode in my page. p
Negative 42922 pFlow player working on chrome browser but its not support for Firefox and IE9. It displays HTML5 video file not found error, but the URL actually contain MP4 video.p
Negative 42922 pin a java project i generate a big csv file about 500 Mb, and i need to split that file into multiple files of at most 10 Mb size each one. I found a lot of posts similar but any of them answer to my question because in all posts the java code split the original files in exactly 10 Mb files, and obviously truncate records. Instead i need each record is complete, intact. Any record should be truncated. If im copying a record from the original big csv file to one generated file, and the file dimension will overflow 10 Mb if i copy the record, i should be able to not copy that record, close that file, create a new file and copy the record in the new one. Is it possible Can someone help me Thank youp  pI tried this codep  precodeFile f  new FilehomelucaDesktoptestimages.csv BufferedInputStream bis  new BufferedInputStreamnew FileInputStreamf FileOutputStream out String name  f.getName int partCounter  1 int sizeOfFiles  10  1024  1024 1MB byte[] buffer  new byte[sizeOfFiles] int tmp  0 while tmp  bis.readbuffer gt 0   File newFilenew FilehomelucaDesktoptestname.String.format03d, partCounter  newFile.createNewFile  out  new FileOutputStreamnewFile  out.writebuffer,0,tmp  out.close  codepre  pBut obviously doesnt work. This code split a source file in n 10Mb files truncating records.  In my case my csv file has 16 columns so with the procedure above i have for example the last record has only 5 columns populated. The others are truncated.p  pstrongSOLUTIONstrong Here the code i wrote.p  precodeFileReader fileReader  new FileReaderhomelucaDesktoptestimages.csv BufferedReader bufferedReader  new BufferedReaderfileReader String line int fileSize  0 BufferedWriter fos  new BufferedWriternew FileWriterhomelucaDesktoptestimagesnew Date.getTime.csv,true whileline  bufferedReader.readLine  null      iffileSize  line.getBytes.length gt 9.5  1024  1024         fos.flush         fos.close         fos  new BufferedWriternew FileWriterhomelucaDesktoptestimagesnew Date.getTime.csv,true         fos.writelinen         fileSize  line.getBytes.length     else         fos.writelinen         fileSize  line.getBytes.length                 fos.flush fos.close bufferedReader.close codepre  pThis code read a csv file and split it to n files, each file is at most 10 Mb big and each csv line is completely copied or not copied at all.p
Negative 42922 pI created two swing worker thread class in my swing application. They are load thread, save threadp  ol liLoad thread is used to load the data from rest serviceli liSave thread is used to push the data to rest service.li ol  pMy question is that,p  ul lipHow to execute my threads one by one when i create more instance for load threadpli lipSave thread should be run after completing process of existing load threadpli ul  pDoes any one guide me to get solution for this scenario p  pNote I am using Swing Worker class to call rest services. p
Negative 42922 pThis is supposed to be a super easy question, but I am still learning ggplot and cant make it work.p  pI would like to fix the minimum and maximum value of the colourbar in this plot, to compare the plot with others graphically, I mean to have the minimum value in the legend to be e.g. 2 and the maximum to be 4. p  pI tried codelimitscode but couldnt make it work.p  precoderequireggmap colormap lt cViolet,Blue,Green,Yellow,Red,White  map.in lt getmaplocation  c24.9072, 60.1477, 24.9623, 60.1752, source  osm  sim.data lt ggmapmap.in  samplesnnsp     aesx  samplesnnsp[,1],       y  samplesnnsp[,2],       z  samplesnnsp[,3]   statsummary2dfun  median,                   binwidth  c.0005, .0005,                  alpha  0.4     scalefillgradientnname  Median,                        colours  colormap,                        space  Lab     labsx  Longitude,        y  Latitude    coordmap  printsim.data codepre  psome data could bep  precodesamplesnnsp lt           lon     lat    var1.pred var1.var 1   24.90720 60.1477 0.459263483       NA 2   24.90734 60.1477 1.470819439       NA 3   24.90748 60.1477  0.341401207       NA 4   24.90761 60.1477 0.627459141       NA 5   24.90775 60.1477 0.945025977       NA 6   24.90789 60.1477  1.593166965       NA 7   24.90803 60.1477  1.388875605       NA 8   24.90817 60.1477  1.573702349       NA 9   24.90830 60.1477 1.456883473       NA 10  24.90844 60.1477 0.044724669       NA 11  24.90858 60.1477  0.492260162       NA 12  24.90872 60.1477  1.301121758       NA 13  24.90886 60.1477 0.995094857       NA 14  24.90900 60.1477 0.134303726       NA 15  24.90913 60.1477  0.742252392       NA 16  24.90927 60.1477 1.252147160       NA 17  24.90941 60.1477 0.526063594       NA 18  24.90955 60.1477  0.244057093       NA 19  24.90969 60.1477 0.509438179       NA 20  24.90982 60.1477  0.240845774       NA 21  24.90996 60.1477  1.214138185       NA 22  24.91010 60.1477  0.169762721       NA 23  24.91024 60.1477  0.064761291       NA 24  24.91038 60.1477  2.135645208       NA 25  24.91051 60.1477 0.320435955       NA 26  24.91065 60.1477  0.192032441       NA 27  24.91079 60.1477  1.717479829       NA 28  24.91093 60.1477  0.917301565       NA 29  24.91107 60.1477 0.532562593       NA 30  24.91120 60.1477  0.963605718       NA 31  24.91134 60.1477  0.397451616       NA 32  24.91148 60.1477  1.818823108       NA 33  24.91162 60.1477  0.345882622       NA 34  24.91176 60.1477 0.655113243       NA 35  24.91190 60.1477 0.052475131       NA 36  24.91203 60.1477 0.533822804       NA 37  24.91217 60.1477 1.192470544       NA 38  24.91231 60.1477 1.004180985       NA 39  24.91245 60.1477 1.531023312       NA 40  24.91259 60.1477 0.629444162       NA 41  24.91272 60.1477  0.282512182       NA 42  24.91286 60.1477  0.560439088       NA 43  24.91300 60.1477 0.922094517       NA 44  24.91314 60.1477 0.121183201       NA 45  24.91328 60.1477  0.897210951       NA 46  24.91341 60.1477  1.598458357       NA 47  24.91355 60.1477 0.023978283       NA 48  24.91369 60.1477  0.979520714       NA 49  24.91383 60.1477 1.558292167       NA 50  24.91397 60.1477 0.857758865       NA 51  24.91410 60.1477  2.436103790       NA 52  24.91424 60.1477 0.716014292       NA 53  24.91438 60.1477 1.509418144       NA 54  24.91452 60.1477  0.421319628       NA 55  24.91466 60.1477  0.134673030       NA 56  24.91480 60.1477  0.236527420       NA 57  24.91493 60.1477 0.131870867       NA 58  24.91507 60.1477 0.764709492       NA 59  24.91521 60.1477 1.125855959       NA 60  24.91535 60.1477 0.835676397       NA 61  24.91549 60.1477 0.010050297       NA 62  24.91562 60.1477 0.689060241       NA 63  24.91576 60.1477 0.255953439       NA 64  24.91590 60.1477  1.503940499       NA 65  24.91604 60.1477 0.647302524       NA 66  24.91618 60.1477  0.032949746       NA 67  24.91631 60.1477 0.302106163       NA 68  24.91645 60.1477 0.869169561       NA 69  24.91659 60.1477 1.125110141       NA 70  24.91673 60.1477  0.028541911       NA 71  24.91687 60.1477 0.519090322       NA 72  24.91700 60.1477 0.029579821       NA 73  24.91714 60.1477  0.208527926       NA 74  24.91728 60.1477  0.893646836       NA 75  24.91742 60.1477 0.887658105       NA 76  24.91756 60.1477  1.304644066       NA 77  24.91770 60.1477 2.235914148       NA 78  24.91783 60.1477 0.732714812       NA 79  24.91797 60.1477 1.068315393       NA 80  24.91811 60.1477  0.989133329       NA 81  24.91825 60.1477 0.658703883       NA 82  24.91839 60.1477  1.174113274       NA 83  24.91852 60.1477 2.435087039       NA 84  24.91866 60.1477 1.462809655       NA 85  24.91880 60.1477  0.433320476       NA 86  24.91894 60.1477  0.203231497       NA 87  24.91908 60.1477 0.654920115       NA 88  24.91921 60.1477 0.247426889       NA 89  24.91935 60.1477 1.282573973       NA 90  24.91949 60.1477 0.189281908       NA 91  24.91963 60.1477  0.004738164       NA 92  24.91977 60.1477  0.619994186       NA 93  24.91990 60.1477 1.553654198       NA 94  24.92004 60.1477 0.260587710       NA 95  24.92018 60.1477 0.316618098       NA 96  24.92032 60.1477 0.617153029       NA 97  24.92046 60.1477 1.496197677       NA 98  24.92060 60.1477 1.433603039       NA 99  24.92073 60.1477 0.549665645       NA 100 24.92087 60.1477 0.315078410       NA codepre
Negative 42922 pFor some javascript packages I can only get the minifieduglified file. I need to combine them with my other javascript files and compile with google closure compiler.p  pMy question isp  pIs it preferable to pass the raw unminified javascript to closure compiler, instead of the uglified one in particular with the advanced optimization mode. p  pSince many javascript library provide minified version itselflike jquery and angularjs, do I need to worry if I included those scripts in another minification taskuglify or closure compile. Or should I single them out and only concatenate them p
Negative 42922 pI just did a bunch of refactoring throughout my MVC 4 application, and now that Im trying to go through and debug my Views, Razor is giving me this nonsensical errorp  precodeThe name model does not exist in the current context. codepre  pThe part that makes literally zero sense is that this is causing the errorp  precodemodel ICollectionltDataSourceByActivegt codepre  pI know for a fact that codemodelcode is proper Razor syntax.p  pSo why is this happening How can I fix itp
Negative 42922 pIn SML I have created three infinite lists namely codefibonaccicode, codeevenfibcode and codeoddfibcode. Now what I want to do is create a fourth list which will contain the first 10 numbers of codeevenfibcode and the first 10 numbers of codeoddfibcode and merge them into pairs of one codeevenfibcode and one codeoddfibcode using the codezipcode function and create a fourth list.p  pI have written a zip function as follows but it doesnt work.p  precodefun fib a b  CONSa, fn  gt fib b a  b fun odd n  if  n mod 2  1 then true else false fun even n  if n mod 2  0 then true else false val fibs  fib 0 1 fun evenfibs l  FILTER even l fun oddfibs l  FILTER odd l fun zip x  case x of L a inflist , N b inflist gt HD L, HD N  zip TL L, TL N  gt  nil    codepre
Negative 42922 pI am currently creating a MySQLi PHP forum, and im having some problems with the MySQL LEFT JOINs, i am trying to get all the subforums joined with the set catid,p  pthe query itself works fine when testing it in mysql workbench, and i receive the correct list. but whenever i try to put the results into an array, i get nullp  pMy current codelooks like thisp  precodesql  SELECT c.id, c.name, sc.idsub, sc.namesub, sc.catid      FROM forumcategories AS c      LEFT JOIN forumsubcategories AS sc      ON c.id  sc.catid stmt  mysqligtquerysql forumcategories  array whilerow  stmtgtfetcharrayFETCHASSOC      define forum category forumcategories[row[id]]  array     title gt row[name],        add forums to category forumcategories[row[id]][forumsubcategories][]  array     id gt row[idsub],     title gt row[namesub]    vardump rowgtname codepre  pBut the vardump just returns null.p  pThis is what the vardumpstmt returnsp  precodeobjectmysqliresult2 5  [currentfield]gt int0 [fieldcount]gt int5 [lengths]gt NULL [numrows]gt int10 [type]gt int0  codepre
Negative 42922 pASP.NET controllerp  precode GET apiassets5 public string Getint id      ... ltsome DB init heregt     string sResult  stringoCmd.ExecuteScalar     return sResult  codepre  pAS3 Receiverp  precodeprivate function btnLoadClickvoid      try              var urlRequestURLRequest  new URLRequesthttp192.168.55.100getimageapiassets1         oUrlLoader  new URLLoader         oUrlLoader.dataFormat  URLLoaderDataFormat.TEXT         oUrlLoader.addEventListenerEvent.COMPLETE, onXMLDataLoaded, false, 0, true         oUrlLoader.loadurlRequest          catch exError   protected function onXMLDataLoadedevtEventvoid          try              var sDataString  oUrlLoader.data.toString         editor.pastefromserver XMLsData          catch exError  traceex.message   codepre  pNow what i try to do is to parse string as XML, but all i get is error Error 1090 XML parser failure element is malformed.p  pWhat ive found is when i watch oUrlLoader.data in Watch Expression the value is there, but sData  oUrlLoader.data   empty string.p  pAlso tried oUrlLoader.data.toString  didnt help, but watch expression changed a bit, without toString it had two  signs in the beggining of value, with toString it had only one .p  pstrongAny ideas why oUrlLoader.data in Watch Expression value is set, but the same oUrlLoader.data in code does not return any stringstrongp  pP.S. This is actually string value SVG image, not binary data. Im using Flash Builder for as3.p  pstrongEDITstrong p  pHehe, sData also have a value in Watch Expression. The data isp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gtltDOCTYPE svg PUBLIC W3CDTD SVG 1.1EN httpwww.w3.orgGraphicsSVG1.1DTDsvg11.dtdgtltsvg version1.2 idsvg2 xmlnshttpwww.w3.org2000svg xmlnssvghttpwww.w3.org2000svg xmlnsxlinkhttpwww.w3.org1999xlinkgtltcircle cx284 cy310 r150 iduntitled transformmatrix1,0,0,1,37,22 styleopacity1stroke44F247fillF087CAfillopacity1strokeopacity0.54strokewidth35.1strokemiterlimit3strokelinecapnonestrokelinejoinroundgtltsvggt codepre  pWhen i copy this data and paste it directly in code it works, but using this urlLoader it does not work... p  pstrongEDIT2strongp  pScreenshot from builder watch expressions have value, sData in code, when mouse over  does not a hrefhttpimg9.imageshack.usimg97471o7sa.png relnofollowhttpimg9.imageshack.usimg97471o7sa.pngap  pand also... ] this string does not contain any tabs, new lines or other white spaces in source database...p
Negative 42922 pSo this is my first time with Stackoverflow and this is a Balloon program I am building. This is also my first time building independent classes to be called in the main program and I feel like Im not understanding something fundamental.p  precodeimport java.util.Scanner  public class Inflate         public static void mainString[] args                      Part 1 Open Scanner             Scanner keyboard  new ScannerSystem.in              Part 2 Create a balloon and inflate it             System.out.printlnTo what radius would you like to inflate the balloon              Balloon newBalloon  new Balloon             newBalloon.setRadiuskeyboard.nextDouble              Part 3 Get the new volume             System.out.printlnThe volume is   newBalloon.volume              Part 4 Close scanner             keyboard.close                                   class Balloon      private double radius     public double volume      Scanner keyboard  new ScannerSystem.in      public void setRadiusdouble Radius                      this.radiusradius               public double getVolume                      volumeradiusradiusradiusMath.PI             return volume           codepre  pThe main issue is that my line 38 return volume is stating that the symbol isnt found though its created at the start of class Balloon.p  pAlso, I dont think my line 13 newBalloon.setRadius is using the right method to define a new radius.p  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 42922 pOur application uses multitenant model by implementing one database for each customer. The application is live now and is working fine and there are around 600 databases spread across two database servers. The databases are connected using a master database called admin which stores the details of all other databases. One of the requirement is to check the admin database and find all the databases, check specific tables in the databases and send email notifications. This is a backend process. Currently we use a windows service to do the same but we see that there are delays in sending the mails due to the looping of 600 databases. Is there any other way to handle thisp  pThanks, Anupp
Negative 42922 pI have two Dart projects that use the Google docs Picker API. One is raw Dart and the other uses the Polymer framework.p  pI have a big issue where on the raw Dart project works fine, but Polymer crashes Dartium when I callp  precodevar picker  new google.picker.PickerBuilder.addViewgoogle.picker.ViewId.SPREADSHEETS.setDeveloperKeydeveloperKey.setCallbackpickerCallback.setOriginwindow.location.protocol    window.location.host.build   Add the view to the DOM picker.setVisibletrue codepre  pIt is actually the codepicker.setVisibletruecode that causes Dartium to crash. p  pCan you think of why this would be There are no errors thrown and it goes directly to Aw, Snap.p  pUPDATEp  pThis issues was fixed with the latest SDK release 0.8.10.3r29803p
Negative 42922 pIm building a social network, and I want my members to be able to easily find new friends. Just like in Facebook, I want to suggest them some people they may know by the number of mutual friends they have.p  pMy PostgreSQL database structure for friendships is as followingp  precodegt PROFILESFRIENDSHIPS gt  gt  friprofilefrom  int, Person who sent the friendship request gt  friprofileto  int, Person who received the friendship request gt  friaccepted  tinyint, has the person accepted the friendship request codepre  pThis is the query I figured out in PostgreSQL for finding the number of mutual friends between 2 profiles profile with ID 24, and profile with ID 26p  precodeSELECT COUNT FROM profiles AS p INNER JOIN          SELECT          CASE    WHEN  26  f.friprofilefrom  THEN f.friprofileto                      ELSE f.friprofilefrom END AS friprofilefrom          FROM profilesfriendships AS f          WHERE 1  1         AND f.friprofileto  26 OR f.friprofilefrom  26          AND friaccepted  1  AS f1  ON f1.friprofilefrom  p.proid  INNER JOIN          SELECT          CASE    WHEN  24  f.friprofilefrom  THEN f.friprofileto                      ELSE f.friprofilefrom END AS friprofilefrom          FROM profilesfriendships AS f          WHERE 1  1         AND f.friprofileto  24 OR f.friprofilefrom  24          AND friaccepted  1  AS f2  ON f2.friprofilefrom  p.proid codepre  pNow I have been trying to convert this query to make it find the profiles with the most mutual friends of me, but who are not friends with me. But without success... I also researched a lot of examples on this website, but most them are working with double records in the friendships table. Like if 24 is friends with 26, there are 2 records 24, 26 and 26, 24. That makes them easier to join and to find mutual friends, but thats not how I want to build my database.p  pIf someone could help me to get started on this query, I would be very grateful.p
Negative 42922 pOur mobile API is now being routed through to its own a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocspythonmodules relnofollowModulea. When a client attempts to upload a file the URL returned from a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocspythonblobstorefunctionscreateuploadurl relnofollowcreateuploadurla returns a 404.p  pThe routes Ive set in my strongdispatch.yamlstrong should route the call correctly. p  pDoes anyone know if the callback actually routes through strongdispatch.yamlstrong or if it ignores it entirelyp  pstrongI just switched some of the Modules and can confirm that the BlobstoreUploadHandler is called via the default module. However, no error is presented e.g. 404 Handler not foundstrongp  pIm going to log an issue.p
Negative 42922 pIve been trying to figure out how to join a table to other tables that Ive joined but the way the tables are setup, strongEventTablestrong has the strongOrderIDstrong only if certain events happen.  Otherwise its Null.  p  pEventTable p  precodeEventID EventName  OrderID DateTS 1       Rec        1       date1 2       Track      NULL    date2 3       Run        NULL    date3 codepre  pEventItemTable p  precode EventID    Column2    OrderID     1       Other      1     2       stuff      2     3       beer       3 codepre  pOrderTablep  precodeOrderID         orderRef   ProdID         1       1234       1         2       1233       1         3       1232       3 codepre  pNow Ive been trying to get all the Event rows which has all of the events that Im looking for.  What I need to be able to do is be able to allow users to use Tableau which will filter the strongorderRefstrong column to show all the events that occurred.  p  pIm pretty new to SQL queries and the per row logic Im thinking would be if statement but dont know how it would work in SQL.p  precodeSELECT OrderTable.orderRef, EventTable.DateTS, EventTable.EventName  If EventTable.OrderID column isNull, then            FROM EventItemTable     join EventItemTable ON EventItemTable.OrderID  EventTable.OrderID   join OrderTable ON OrderTable.OrderID  EventItemTable.OrderID  ELSE   FROM EventItemTable    left join OrderTable ON OrderTable.OrderID  EventTable.OrderID codepre  pIn my mind, I would think that the orderRef would then be populated in the entire table and have no nulls or be filter out.  I would still be able to have all the other columns but with the else condition the rows would just be populated with NULL.  Ive been looking at subqueries and other functions to try but not seeing anything that seems to be able to do this.  Im using a Microsoft SQL 2005 I believep  pstrongEDITstrong p  pThis is what I ended up with that got all the OrderID in one column to join with AlexJohnson suggestion.  My issue now is that a couple have duplicate manufacturingEventID in the rows per order reference.  Not sure if the ISNULL is causing that issuep  precodeSELECT met.metManufacturingEventID         ,met.metOrderID         ,ori.oriOrderID         ,mfi.mfiOrderID         ,mfi.mfiLastEvent         ,mfi.mfiRunNumber         ,mfi.mfiInputOrder         ,meo.meoManufacturingOperationName         ,mes.mesManufacturingStationName as StationName         ,mes.mesStationStatusName as StationStatus       ,met.metEventDate as EventDate       ,oie.oieEventDate         ,met.metToothID       ,met.metComment as metComment       ,met.metManufacturingOrderNumber       ,ISNULLmfi.mfiOrderID,met.metOrderID as OrderID         ,ord.ordOrderReference as OrderRef     FROM [dbo].[ManufacturingEvents] met   LEFT JOIN [dbo].[ManufacturingEventOrderItems] mfi       ON mfi.mfiManufacturingEventID  met.metManufacturingEventID   LEFT JOIN [dbo].[OrderItems] ori       ON ori.oriOrderItemID  mfi.mfiOrderItemID   LEFT JOIN [AtlantisProductionSystemProdUS].[dbo].[Orders] ord       ON ord.ordOrderID  ISNULLmfi.mfiOrderID,met.metOrderID   LEFT JOIN dbo.ManufacturingStations mes       ON mes.mesManufacturingStationID  met.metManufacturingStationID   JOIN dbo.ManufacturingOperations meo       ON meo.meoManufacturingOperationID  mes.mesManufacturingOperationID codepre
Negative 42922 pFollowing is my xmlp  precodelttaggt     ltsubTag1gt         lttagGroup11gt             ltdata111gt ... codepre  pI need to select all the same xml elements but with camel case. So for example my new xml after XSLT transformation needs to look likep  precodeltTaggt     ltSubTag1gt         ltTagGroup11gt             ltData111gtAltData111gt             ltData112gtBltData112gt             ltData113gtCltData113gt         ltTagGroup11gt         ltTagGroup12gt             ltData121gtDltData121gt             ltData122gtEltData122gt             ltData123gtFltData123gt         ltTagGroup12gt     ltSubTag1gt     ltSubTag2gt         ltTagGroup22gt             ltData221gttwotwooneltData221gt             ltData222gttwotwotwoltData222gt             ltData223gttwo two threeltData223gt         ltTagGroup22gt         ltTagGroup23gt             ltData231gttwotwooneltData231gt             ltData232gttwotwotwoltData232gt             ltData233gttwo two threeltData233gt         ltTagGroup23gt     ltSubTag2gt ltTaggt codepre  pCan some one help me with the xslt for thisp
Negative 42922 pI have a little problem about, when I try to update refresh my divs content, the Ajax replace the all page in that div.p  pHere the problem a hrefhttppostimg.orgimage6px3usp1z relnofollowScreenshoot of the problemap  pHere is my controller sourcea hrefhttppostimg.orgimagesww8tcsvl76d84398 relnofollowHow should it looksap  precodepublic function actionView          printrPOST         model  null          if user  YiiappgtusergtgetStateusertype             model  new FormResultUser                  else if faction  YiiappgtusergtgetStateusertype             model  new FormResultFaction                   index  0         echo index         if YiiappgtrequestgtisAjaxRequest             ifissetPOST[index]                 index  CPropertyValueensureInteger POST[index]  1                               echo index         criteria  new CDbCriteria         criteriagtlimit  1         criteriagtoffset  index         questionModel  Questionmodelgtfindcriteria          printrquestionModel          if YiiappgtrequestgtisAjaxRequest              thisgtrenderviewForm, arraymodel gt model, questionModelgt questionModel, indexgtindex          else              thisgtrenderviewForm, arraymodel gt model, questionModelgt questionModel, indexgtindex                      codepre  pAnd my viewForm Here you can see, the AjaxSubmitButton is here. and codeltdiv idformgtcode is too, what I would like to update.  and I would like to update the codeindexcode variable too in the ajaxSubmitButtonp  pI tired the codereplacecode too, but it doesnt work well, the problem is the same.p  precodeltphp  FormFilling  gt ltdiv idformgt     ltphp formthisgtbeginWidgetCActiveForm gt      ltphp     thisgtrenderPartialviewForm, arraymodel gt model, questionModelgt questionModel, indexgtindex, formgtform     gt     ltdiv classrow margin10gt      ltphp     echo CHtmlajaxSubmitButtonYiitstrings, Next, YiiappgtcreateUrlformFillingview, array             type gt post,             data gt arrayindex gt index,             update gt form,              gt     ltdivgt     ltphp thisgtendWidget gt ltdivgtlt end form gt ltphp codepre  pAt finally my viewFormp  precodeltphp answers  CHtmllistDataAnswermodelgtfindAll, value, label gt ltdiv idformAnswer classrowgtltdivgt ltdiv classrow textgt     ltpgt         ltphp echo CHtmlencodequestionModelgttext gt       ltpgt         ltdivgt ltdiv classrow margin10gt     ltspangt         ltphp echo CHtmlencodeYiitstrings, Answer options,  gt     ltspangt     ltdiv classmargin10gt         ltphp         echo CHtmlactiveRadioButtonListmodel, answervalue, answers, arrayclass gt left         gt        ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdiv classrow margin10gt     ltspangt         ltphp echo CHtmllabelYiitstrings, Significant topic, chanswerimportant gt     ltspangt      ltphp         echo CHtmlactiveCheckBox model,                                     answerimportant,                                     arrayid gt chanswerimportant, class gt left     gt     ltdivgt ltphp echo CHtmlhiddenFieldindex, index gt codepre
Negative 42922 pIm looking for an automated way to create a simple C wrapper for an existing JavaScript library. I want to create a string of JavaScript using a C class on the server, then send the JavaScript to the client.p  pExample  Im creating charts using the KendoUI JavaScript library.  Im creating the JavaScript to render the charts server side because a single page can render infinitely many charts based on how the user chooses to configure the chart. p  pThe JavaScript string that is being generated server side looks like this greatly simplified for examplep  precodefunction createChart      chart.kendoChart         title              text Chart Title,                                 ,                            series [             field Cost         ],                            categoryAxis              field StartDate,                                    codepre  pRight now my C code is simply building a string to create the JavaScript string greatly simplified for examplep  precodeprivate string CreateChartJSstring ChartTitle, string SeriesField, string CategoryField      return function createChart  chart.kendoChart title  text ChartTitle, ,     series [ field SeriesField ], categoryAxis  field CategoryField,      codepre  pWhat Im looking for is some type of convertergenerator tool that can automatically create a simple C wrapper class from the JavaScript library source code that Im using. I am well aware of the fact that Telerik already makes a version of their charts for ASP.NET that includes custom made server side wrappers, this is not what Im looking for as Im just using the KendoUI as an example.p  pIn the Chrome web developer tools console I can examine the created KendoUI Chart and view all of its propertiesp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLtEpR.png altKendoChart in Chrome Consolep  pThe tool Im looking for should be able to create a simple C class out of the properties that are exposed in the screenshot above in this case, the group of properties Im looking to configure are the child items of the Options object.p  pExample of what the generated C class might look like greatly simplified for examplep  precodepublic class KendoChartWrapper          public class options              public bool autoBind  get set          public class axisDefaults           public class categoryAxies           public class chartArea           public class dataSource           public class legend           public string name  get set          public class navigator           public class plotArea           public string prefix  get set          public string renderAs  get set        codepre  pThis would allow me to create my chart JavaScript by creating an instance of the class in C and serializing  the result. What Im looking for should be able to create these simple C classes given the source code of any javascript library examples jQuery, jQuery UI, etc.... p  pIm guessing that there is already an existing tool that can do this, I just dont know what it is called. Im hoping someone can point me in the right direction. p
Negative 42922 pI am quite new to coding and had a go a few months back before picking up again this week. The code I previously had working on an older host now does not seem to work with all of the mySQL information not being populated The page conects to the server as I have tried putting errors in the connection which it picks up yet I cannot get any thing back for a count of rows or to populate my drop down box. I have pasted my code below so you can see any obvious mistakes. My other codes seem to be able to write to the table with no issue.p  pThanks,p  pChrisp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt  lttitlegtCreate a new teamlttitlegt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt  ltform actioncteam.php methodpostgt   ltphp    dbserverlocalhost    dbusername    dbpassword    dbname    con  mysqlconnectdbserver,dbusername,dbpassword   if con      dieCould not connect  . mysqlerror        result  mysqlqueryselect count1 FROM Name row  mysqlfetcharrayresult total1  row[0] echo Current No. of registered Teams  . total1 mysqlclosecon gt  ltbrgt Team Full Name ltinput typetext namelongnamegt ltbrgt Team Short Name ltinput typetext nameshortnamegt ltbrgt Link to Logo ltinput typetext namelogogt ltbrgt Select Rink or Press Create new Venue link ltbrgt  ltphp  query  SELECT  FROM Rink result  mysqlqueryquery gt  ltselect namevenuegt ltphp  while line  mysqlfetcharrayresult, MYSQLASSOC  gt ltoption valueltphp echo line[Name]gtgt ltphp echo line[Name]gt ltoptiongt  ltphp  gt ltselectgt   lta hrefhttpbeerleague.co.ukpicscvenue1.htmlgtCreate New Venueltagt   ltbrgt Website address ltinput typetext namewebsitegt ltbrgt Twitter ltinput typetext nametwittergt ltbrgt Facebook ltinput typetext namefacebookgt ltbrgt Link to image of home shirt ltinput typetext namehomeshirtgt ltbrgt Link to image of away shirt ltinput typetext nameawayshirtgt ltbrgt Link to image of Alt  shirt ltinput typetext namealtshirtgt ltbrgt Team Bio ltinput typetext nameblurbgt ltbrgt ltinput typesubmitgt ltformgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have this SUMIF codeSUMIFWEZARTICLEPLANTAA,E2,WEZARTICLEPLANTAXAXcode I want do the same as the sumif in sql excel.p  pIn my query p  precodeWEZARTICLEPLANTAA  columnMaterial E2  columnMaterial WEZARTICLEPLANTAXAX  columnStockQty codepre  pI would be glad for any Responce p
Negative 42922 pWe have a web site where someone has hijacked a computer with the necessary client certificates, and is signing in attempting to change data to steal money. The web site uses IIS 7, inprocess sessions, client certificates, .Net 2.0, and the ASP.Net membership system. We tried IISRESET and also rebooting the machine, but our sessions stay active even after this is done  I was still logged in after rebooting the machine, waiting for it to come back, then refreshing the page.p  pAny ideas on how to clear all sessions easilyp  pWeb.configp  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltconfiguration xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.com.NetConfigurationv2.0gt     lt     ltlocation path inheritInChildApplicationsfalsegt     gt     ltconnectionStringsgt         ltremove nameLocalSqlServer gt         ...     ltconnectionStringsgt     ltappSettingsgt         ...         ltadd keyCSSFriendlyJavaScriptPath valueJavaScriptgt         ltadd keyaspnetMaxHttpCollectionKeys value5000gt     ltappSettingsgt     ltsystem.webgt         ltglobalization cultureenUS uiCultureenUSgt         lthealthMonitoringgt             lt  Event Log Provider being added. gt             ltprovidersgt                 ltremove nameEventLogProvidergt                 ltadd nameEventLogProvider typeSystem.Web.Management.EventLogWebEventProvider,System.Web,Version2.0.0.0,Cultureneutral,PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3agt             ltprovidersgt             lt  Event mapping provides a friendly name to the events based on the WebBaseErrorEvent class.  gt             lteventMappingsgt                 ltremove nameAll Errorsgt                 ltadd nameAll Errors typeSystem.Web.Management.WebBaseErrorEvent,System.Web,Version2.0.0.0,Cultureneutral,PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a startEventCode0 endEventCode2147483647gt             lteventMappingsgt             lt Rule tying the All Errors event mapping to the EventLog Provider.  gt             ltrulesgt                 ltremove nameAll Errors Defaultgt                 ltadd nameAll Errors Default eventNameAll Errors providerEventLogProvider profileDefault minInstances1 maxLimitInfinite minInterval000100 customgt             ltrulesgt         lthealthMonitoringgt         ltsiteMap defaultProviderCustomSiteMap enabledtruegt             ltprovidersgt                 ltadd nameCustomSiteMap typeCustomSiteMap securityTrimmingEnabledtrue siteMapFileweb.sitemapgt             ltprovidersgt         ltsiteMapgt         ltmembership hashAlgorithmType...gt             ltprovidersgt                 ltremove nameAspNetSqlMembershipProvidergt                 ltadd nameAspNetSqlMembershipProvider typeADRSAMembershipProvider.SqlMembershipProvider connectionStringNameLocalSqlServer enablePasswordRetrievalfalse enablePasswordResettrue requiresQuestionAndAnswerfalse applicationName requiresUniqueEmailfalse passwordFormatHashed minRequiredPasswordLength4 minRequiredNonalphanumericCharacters0 maxInvalidPasswordAttempts5 passwordAttemptWindow10 passwordStrengthRegularExpressiongt                 lt Standard add nameAspNetSqlMembershipProvider typeSystem.Web.Security.SqlMembershipProvider, System.Web, Version2.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a connectionStringNameLocalSqlServer enablePasswordRetrievalfalse enablePasswordResettrue requiresQuestionAndAnswerfalse applicationName requiresUniqueEmailfalse passwordFormatHashed minRequiredPasswordLength4 minRequiredNonalphanumericCharacters0 maxInvalidPasswordAttempts5 passwordAttemptWindow10 passwordStrengthRegularExpressiongt                 ltadd nameWWW typeSystem.Web.Security.SqlMembershipProvider, System.Web, Version2.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a connectionStringNameCustomerDB enablePasswordRetrievalfalse enablePasswordResettrue requiresQuestionAndAnswerfalse applicationNamewww.asuedraw.com requiresUniqueEmailfalse passwordFormatHashed minRequiredPasswordLength4 minRequiredNonalphanumericCharacters0 maxInvalidPasswordAttempts5 passwordAttemptWindow10 passwordStrengthRegularExpression[19][09]3,11gt             ltprovidersgt         ltmembershipgt         ltauthorizationgt             ltdeny usersgt         ltauthorizationgt         ltroleManager enabledtruegt             ltprovidersgt                 ltremove nameAspNetSqlRoleProvidergt                 ltadd nameAspNetSqlRoleProvider connectionStringNameLocalSqlServer applicationName typeSystem.Web.Security.SqlRoleProvider, System.Web, Version2.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3agt                 ltadd nameWWW connectionStringNameCustomerDB applicationNamewww.asuedraw.com typeSystem.Web.Security.SqlRoleProvider, System.Web, Version2.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3agt             ltprovidersgt         ltroleManagergt         ltauthentication modeFormsgt         ltpages masterPageFileWeb.master styleSheetThemeDefault controlRenderingCompatibilityVersion3.5 clientIDModeAutoIDgt             ltcontrolsgt                 ltadd tagPrefixajaxToolkit namespaceAjaxControlToolkit assemblyAjaxControlToolkitgt                 ltadd tagPrefixrsweb namespaceMicrosoft.Reporting.WebForms assemblyMicrosoft.ReportViewer.WebForms, Version9.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3agt                 ltadd tagPrefixtelerik namespaceTelerik.Web.UI assemblyTelerik.Web.UIgt             ltcontrolsgt         ltpagesgt         lthttpHandlersgt             ltadd pathReserved.ReportViewerWebControl.axd verb typeMicrosoft.Reporting.WebForms.HttpHandler, Microsoft.ReportViewer.WebForms, Version9.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a validatefalsegt             ltadd pathTelerik.Web.UI.WebResource.axd typeTelerik.Web.UI.WebResource verb validatefalsegt             ltadd pathChartImage.axd typeTelerik.Web.UI.ChartHttpHandler verb validatefalsegt             ltadd pathTelerik.Web.UI.SpellCheckHandler.axd typeTelerik.Web.UI.SpellCheckHandler verb validatefalsegt             ltadd pathTelerik.Web.UI.DialogHandler.aspx typeTelerik.Web.UI.DialogHandler verb validatefalsegt             ltadd pathTelerik.RadUploadProgressHandler.ashx typeTelerik.Web.UI.RadUploadProgressHandler verb validatefalsegt         lthttpHandlersgt         lthttpModulesgt             ltadd nameRadUploadModule typeTelerik.Web.UI.RadUploadHttpModulegt             ltadd nameRadCompression typeTelerik.Web.UI.RadCompressiongt         lthttpModulesgt         ltcustomErrors defaultRedirectErrorPage.aspxgt         ltcompilation defaultLanguagec debugtrue targetFramework4.0gt             ltassembliesgt                 ltadd assemblyMicrosoft.ReportViewer.Common, Version9.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB03F5F7F11D50A3Agt                 ltadd assemblyMicrosoft.ReportViewer.WebForms, Version9.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB03F5F7F11D50A3Agt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Data.Linq, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089gt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Transactions, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB77A5C561934E089gt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Design, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB03F5F7F11D50A3Agt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Web.Extensions.Design, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35gt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Windows.Forms, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB77A5C561934E089gt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Data.Entity, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB77A5C561934E089gt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Security, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB03F5F7F11D50A3Agt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Data.Entity.Design, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB77A5C561934E089gt                 ltadd assemblySystem.Speech, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35gt                 ltadd assemblymscorlib, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenB77A5C561934E089gt             ltassembliesgt             ltbuildProvidersgt                 ltadd extension.rdlc typeMicrosoft.Reporting.RdlBuildProvider, Microsoft.ReportViewer.Common, Version9.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3agt             ltbuildProvidersgt         ltcompilationgt         lttrace enabledtrue localOnlyfalse mostRecenttrue requestLimit200gt     ltsystem.webgt     lt Used for the RSA membership provider gt     ltsystem.runtime.remotinggt         ltapplicationgt             ltclientgt                 ltwellknown typeSecurID4Net.IPipelineFactory, SecurID4Net.Interfaces url...gt                 ltwellknown typeSecurID4Net.IPipelineFactory, SecurID4Net.Interfaces                                      urltcp...IPipelineFactory gt             ltclientgt             ltchannelsgt                 ltchannel reftcp clientgt             ltchannelsgt         ltapplicationgt     ltsystem.runtime.remotinggt     ltsystem.codedomgt         ltcompilersgt             ltcompiler languageccscsharp extension.cs compilerOptionswarnaserror warningLevel4 typeMicrosoft.CSharp.CSharpCodeProvider, System, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089gt                 ltproviderOption nameCompilerVersion valuev4.0gt             ltcompilergt             ltcompiler languagevbvbsvisualbasicvbscript extension.vb compilerOptionsoptioninfer typeMicrosoft.VisualBasic.VBCodeProvider, System, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089gt                 ltproviderOption nameCompilerVersion valuev4.0gt             ltcompilergt         ltcompilersgt     ltsystem.codedomgt     ltsystem.webServergt         lt                  The system.webServer section is required for running ASP.NET AJAX under Internet                 Information Services 7.0.  It is not necessary for previous version of IIS.             gt         ltvalidation validateIntegratedModeConfigurationfalsegt     ltsystem.webServergt     ltsystem.serviceModelgt         ltbehaviorsgt             ltserviceBehaviorsgt                 ltbehavior nameHHDataBehaviorgt                     ltserviceMetadata httpsGetEnabledtruegt                     ltserviceDebug includeExceptionDetailInFaultsfalsegt                 ltbehaviorgt             ltserviceBehaviorsgt         ltbehaviorsgt         ltbindingsgt             ltbasicHttpBindinggt                 ltbinding nameBasicHttpBindingICustomerInfo closeTimeout000100 openTimeout000100 receiveTimeout001000 sendTimeout000100 allowCookiesfalse bypassProxyOnLocalfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard maxBufferPoolSize524288 maxBufferSize65536 maxReceivedMessageSize65536 textEncodingutf8 transferModeBuffered useDefaultWebProxytrue messageEncodingTextgt                     ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength8192 maxArrayLength16384 maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount16384gt                     ltsecurity modeNonegt                         lttransport clientCredentialTypeNone proxyCredentialTypeNone realmgt                         ltmessage clientCredentialTypeUserName algorithmSuiteDefaultgt                     ltsecuritygt                 ltbindinggt                 ltbinding nameBasicHttpBindingICustomerInfo1gt                 ltbinding nameBasicHttpBindingICashTransfer closeTimeout000100 openTimeout000100 receiveTimeout001000 sendTimeout000100 allowCookiesfalse bypassProxyOnLocalfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard maxBufferPoolSize524288 maxBufferSize65536 maxReceivedMessageSize65536 textEncodingutf8 transferModeBuffered useDefaultWebProxytrue messageEncodingTextgt                     ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength8192 maxArrayLength16384 maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount16384gt                     ltsecurity modeNonegt                         lttransport clientCredentialTypeNone proxyCredentialTypeNone realmgt                         ltmessage clientCredentialTypeUserName algorithmSuiteDefaultgt                     ltsecuritygt                 ltbindinggt             ltbasicHttpBindinggt             ltcustomBindinggt                 ltbinding namecustomBinding0gt                     ltbinaryMessageEncodinggt                     lthttpTransportgt                 ltbindinggt                 ltbinding namecustomBinding1gt                     ltbinaryMessageEncodinggt                     lthttpsTransportgt                 ltbindinggt                 ltbinding nameCustomBindingICashTransfergt                     ltbinaryMessageEncoding maxReadPoolSize64 maxWritePoolSize16 maxSessionSize2048gt                         ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength8192 maxArrayLength16384 maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount16384gt                     ltbinaryMessageEncodinggt                     lthttpsTransport manualAddressingfalse maxBufferPoolSize524288 maxReceivedMessageSize65536 allowCookiesfalse authenticationSchemeAnonymous bypassProxyOnLocalfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard keepAliveEnabledtrue maxBufferSize65536 proxyAuthenticationSchemeAnonymous realm transferModeBuffered unsafeConnectionNtlmAuthenticationfalse useDefaultWebProxytrue requireClientCertificatefalsegt                 ltbindinggt             ltcustomBindinggt         ltbindingsgt         ltserviceHostingEnvironment aspNetCompatibilityEnabledtruegt         ltservicesgt             ltservice behaviorConfigurationHHDataBehavior nameHHDatagt                 ltendpoint address... bindingcustomBinding bindingConfigurationcustomBinding1 contractHHDatagt                 ltendpoint addressmex bindingmexHttpBinding contractIMetadataExchangegt             ltservicegt         ltservicesgt         ltclientgt             ltendpoint address... bindingbasicHttpBinding bindingConfigurationBasicHttpBindingICustomerInfo contractCustomerServ.ICustomerInfo nameBasicHttpBindingICustomerInfogt             ltendpoint address... bindingbasicHttpBinding bindingConfigurationBasicHttpBindingICashTransfer contractCashTransferStatusService.ICashTransfer nameBasicHttpBindingICashTransfergt             ltendpoint address... bindingcustomBinding bindingConfigurationCustomBindingICashTransfer contractCashTransfer.ICashTransfer nameCustomBindingICashTransfergt         ltclientgt     ltsystem.serviceModelgt     lt     ltlocationgt gt     ltlocation pathLogon.aspxgt         ltsystem.webgt             ltauthorizationgt                 ltallow usersgt             ltauthorizationgt         ltsystem.webgt     ltlocationgt     ltlocation pathtest.aspxgt         ltsystem.webgt             ltauthorizationgt                 ltallow usersgt             ltauthorizationgt         ltsystem.webgt     ltlocationgt     ltlocation pathclientaccesspolicy.xmlgt         ltsystem.webgt             ltauthorizationgt                 ltallow usersgt             ltauthorizationgt         ltsystem.webgt     ltlocationgt     ... ltconfigurationgt codepre
Negative 42922 pSo I went through all the steps to make an svn repo.p  p1 I created the repo by callingp  precode svnadmin create pathtorepo codepre  p2 I added the folder that holds the files I want in my repo usingp  precodesvn import pathtofolder codepre  p3 I also made a post commit hook that calls svn update on that folderp  p4 And then on my remote system I was able to check it out all without any problems. Now the problem is that when I commit and check the log I see the linep  precodeSkipped pathtofolder codepre  pBasically it keeps skipping the folder and wont apply the changes I commit to it. I checked the folder and see theres no .svn folder in there which repos usually have which I suspect is the issue...or not. p  pAnyone know what could be the issue I want that folder to be update the files when I make commitsp
Negative 42922 pI may be going about this the wrong way, but I have made previous and next buttons which take you to the next or previous product in the database by passing the index through the URL and getting it with PHP. But I need to accomplish this with the date the products were entered into the database as indices will be reused if a row is deleted. The problem is I used codedatetimecode when I first built the database. I would like to convert all those datetimes to timestamps because I understood timestamps would be an integer representing the number of seconds from 1970 or something. An integer is easy to pass through the URL using codegetcode no 20 in the URL. But I just tried it in a test database and timestamp isnt just an integer. Am I understanding this wrong Am I going about it the wrong way p  pEDIT What I really need is a PHP function that will convert a MySQL datetime to a unix timestamp. That will solve my problem.p
Negative 42922 pim trying to learn mvc by making a simple social network. Bit suck here. Im trying to create 2 db querys. p  pThe first to get a list of all the people that the current user is following. p  pThe second to get a list of all the posts of those users. Been trying this all day. Could someone help me out pleasep  precodestring id  username of user we are finding friends for  get all the people user is following ListltFriendgt friendList  db.Freinds.Wherex gt x.username  id.ToList  get all posts for those people ListltPostgt postList  db.Posts.Wherex gt friendList.Containsx.Username.ToList codepre  pMy Modelsp  precodepublic class Post              [Key]         [DatabaseGeneratedDatabaseGeneratedOption.Identity]         public Int32 PostID  get set           public string Username  get set           public string Wallname  get set           public DateTime PostDateTime  get set           [RequiredErrorMessage  0 Is Required]         [DisplayName  Post Content]         public String PostContent  get set           public virtual ListltCommentgt Comments  get set            public class Friend              [Key]         [DatabaseGeneratedDatabaseGeneratedOption.Identity]         public int friendID  get set           public string username  get set           public string following getset      codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pI am using Emacs 24.3.1 on Windows with ESS v13.05 and with codeautocompletecode. While this pops up completion candidates for me, it doesnt show the help.p  precodeError could not find function .help.ESSM codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comC416U.png altess help errorp  pFollowing the advice in a hrefhttpsstat.ethz.chpipermailesshelp2010August006277.html relnofollowthis posta I tried typing the following in the ESS R process terminalp  precode.help.ESS lt help codepre  pAs a result, if I linger on a function like codemergecode, it will launch the relevant help page in the browser.p  pIts tedious to have to type this every session. How can I ensure that the code.help.ESScode object is defined without my direct interventionp
Negative 42922 pI have created Master detail application with multiple detail view controllers connected to a split view via replace segue. On landscape orientation everything works fine, but on portrait orientation I am missing button to open masters table view and swipe on left side of the screen is not working and not opening master side of the app.p  pstrongEDITstrong p  pIn my DetailViewController I have two methods, same as in template provided by xcode for masterdetail appp  precodepragma mark  Split view   voidsplitViewControllerUISplitViewController splitController willHideViewControllerUIViewController viewController withBarButtonItemUIBarButtonItem barButtonItem forPopoverControllerUIPopoverController popoverController      barButtonItem.title  NSLocalizedStringMasterButton, Master     [self.navigationItem setLeftBarButtonItembarButtonItem animatedYES]     self.masterPopoverController  popoverController    voidsplitViewControllerUISplitViewController splitController willShowViewControllerUIViewController viewController invalidatingBarButtonItemUIBarButtonItem barButtonItem       Called when the view is shown again in the split view, invalidating the button and    popover controller.     [self.navigationItem setLeftBarButtonItemnil animatedYES]     self.masterPopoverController  nil  codepre  pstrongEDIT 2strong On change of my detailViewController, I change delegate too.p  precode voidprepareForSegueUIStoryboardSegue segue senderidsender      UIViewController destinationViewController  [segue destinationViewController]     if [destinationViewController conformsToProtocolprotocolUISplitViewControllerDelegate]          self.splitViewController.delegate  iddestinationViewController          else          self.splitViewController.delegate  nil       codepre  pstrongEDIT 3strong  I finally resolved my issue by adding this line of code in every DetailViewController that I createdp  precodeself.splitViewController.delegate  self codepre
Negative 42922 pMy program is like thisp  precodedata a input p1p3 datalines 1 2 3 4 5 6  macro helloversion proc print dataa where ampversion25 run mend hello helloversionp codepre  pHow can I find where p25p
Negative 42922 pMy app opens some files in external apps for editing purpose. In some cases the external app can save the file, in other cases the app cannot save the file. The file is a normal file in the documents folder so it is not private and it is not readonly. But my app need to programmatically decide whether pass it as writable or readonly. When the file has to be writable for the external app I use an intent with Intent.ACTIONVIEW. What may I use in the readonly case Maybe FileProvider, but it seems to be for private files.p
Negative 42922 pI know this is probably really simple but I just cant get it to work. Im trying to write a program which counts backwards from 15 to 1 using a dowhile loop. However, I also have to NOT print when the counter gets to 11, so the output looks like 15, 13, 9, 7, 5, 3, 1. I know I need to use a continuebreak somewhere with my if statement, but I cant figure out how to get it to work. p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  int main   int doWhileCount  15  do       printfdn, doWhileCount     doWhileCount  doWhileCount 2      if doWhileCount  11          continue         while doWhileCount gt 1    codepre  pAny help is appreciated, thanks guys Sorry again for the simple as hell problem p
Negative 42922 pI have a model like thisp  precodeclass Packagemodels.Model     packagename  models.CharFieldmaxlength200     packageprice  models.IntegerField  class UserPackagemodels.Model     user  models.ForeignKeyUser     package  models.ForeignKeyPackage codepre  pModelForm like thisp  precodeclass UserPackageFormModelForm     class Meta         model  UserPackage         exclude  [user] codepre  pI want to list the codepackagescode excluding codeFreecode thats why I am doing like thisp  precodedef initself, args, kwargs             superUserPackageForm, self.initargs, kwargs             self.fields[package].queryset  Package.objects.excludepackageFree codepre  pIt is showing codeFreecode package too. Whats wrongp
Negative 42922 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comW9ttb.jpg altenter image description herep  pHow can I increase and decrease  value of textbox by one on keyupdown or tap. a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netprincefiddle5aJzD relnofollowexampleap  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classrightcontent idrc0 styleheight 250pxgt   ltdiv classrightcontmain idrcm0 styleheight 250pxgt     ltdiv classscrollline idsl0 styleheight 250pxgt       ltdiv classscrolltop idst0gtltdivgt       ltdiv classscrollmid idsm0 styleheight 248pxgtltdivgt       ltdiv classscrollbottom idsb0gtltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classscrolltextbox idstb0 stylemargintop 138pxgt       ltinput typetext classscrolltextboxinput rightinput value50 idin1 nametxtgt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltdivgt         ltdivgt codepre
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to find a position i.e. left and top offset of an image on a website Can it be done through web image scraping The language I am using is Python.p
Negative 42922 pPlease help me to figure out the way for decompressing data received from Nitty version 4.0 server . as the deflate function on the server side uses JDK1.7 gzip include Huffman algorithm and LZ77 .p  pso when the server sends the Data compressed for the first time i use the Gzip library p  precode NSData  gzipInflate codepre  p     zstream strmp  precode Initialize input strm.nextin  Bytef [self bytes] NSUInteger left  [self length]         input left to decompress if left  0     return nil                          incomplete gzip stream   Create starting space for output guess double the input size, will grow  if needed  in an extreme case, could end up needing more than 1000  times the input size NSUInteger space  left ltlt 1 if space lt left     space  NSUIntegerMax NSMutableData decompressed  [NSMutableData dataWithLength space] space  [decompressed length]   Initialize output strm.nextout  Bytef [decompressed mutableBytes] NSUInteger have  0                     output generated so far   Set up for gzip decoding strm.availin  0 strm.zalloc  ZNULL strm.zfree  ZNULL strm.opaque  ZNULL int status  inflateInit2ampstrm, 1516 if status  ZOK     return nil                          out of memory   Decompress all of self do       Allow for concatenated gzip streams per RFC 1952     if status  ZSTREAMEND         voidinflateResetampstrm       Provide input for inflate     if strm.availin  0          strm.availin  left gt UINTMAX  UINTMAX  unsignedleft         left  strm.availin            Decompress the available input     do           Allocate more output space if none left         if space  have               Double space, handle overflow             space ltlt 1             if space lt have                  space  NSUIntegerMax                 if space  have                       space was already maxed out                     voidinflateEndampstrm                     return nil          output exceeds integer size                                             Increase space             [decompressed setLength space]             space  [decompressed length]               Update output pointer might have moved             strm.nextout  Bytef [decompressed mutableBytes]  have                    Provide output space for inflate         strm.availout  space  have gt UINTMAX  UINTMAX          unsignedspace  have         have  strm.availout           Inflate and update the decompressed size         status  inflate ampstrm, ZSYNCFLUSH         have  strm.availout           Bail out if any errors         if status  ZOK ampamp status  ZBUFERROR ampamp             status  ZSTREAMEND              voidinflateEndampstrm             return nil                  invalid gzip stream                    Repeat until all output is generated from provided input note          that even if strm.availin is zero, there may still be pending          output  were not done until the output buffer isnt filled      while strm.availout  0       Continue until all input consumed  while left  strm.availin   Free the memory allocated by inflateInit2 voidinflateEndampstrm   Verify that the input is a valid gzip stream  if status  ZSTREAMEND  return nil                          incomplete gzip stream   Set the actual length and return the decompressed data [decompressed setLength have] return decompressed codepre  pp  pthus if you are familiar with Huffman algorithm of DEFLATE  i hope   next time nitty deflate the same string and send it i receive it but shorter than the first time , and i cant inflate it ,p  pis there a way to apply inflate as the Huffman Tree algorithm  and LZ77 as the Java Nitty Server p
Negative 42922 pI need to find code smells in the Eclipse project git repository. p  pI am trying to do this via EGit for Eclipse and plugins PMD and JDeodorant. But I seem to be having trouble. p  pI have managed to clone the git repository into Eclipse but I cannot use PMD or JDeodorant on its files. Why is that p  pIf I have a normal Java project, those tools work. So I am guessing I need to convert the git repo into a java project  how do I even do thatp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7wIvB.jpg altenter image description herep  pThanks to the answer below, I have managed to covert the repository into Eclipse projects, but the only thing not making sense are red exclamation marksp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comus3Gz.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pIm new to ThreeJS so this is probably something relatively trivial that Im not understanding.  But Im in the process of adapting a demo I found for drawing cubes to do 3D scatter plots.  Ive had no issues adding data points, etc.  But I now want to add a grid to parts of the cube.  I am trying to use codeGridHelpercode to do this.  p  pThat said, Im having difficulty getting the grid to align with the floor of the cube.  As you can see at the link below, the dimensions of the grid match correctly, but the cube needs to be rotated for the grid and cube to match up.p  pBelow is a link to what I currently havep  pa hrefhttpwxalert.infoprivatescrap3dplot.html relnofollowhttpwxalert.infoprivatescrap3dplot.htmlap  pAny help would be stronggreatlystrong appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI have a table named myvals with the following fieldsp  precodeID   number     1     7 2     3 3     4 4     0 5     9 codepre  pStarting on 2nd row, I would like to add the number with the previous row number.  So, my end result would look like thisp  precodeID   number     1      7 2     10 3      7 4      4 5      9 codepre
Negative 42922 pstrongI have two url, one for post captured image name and second for store image on that location. Now i finished process of open camera. When i take photo then image is stored on DCIMCAMARA on device phone memory directory. But image is not post and store on two different url. What can i do for thatstrongp  pstrongCode for Open Camarastrongp  precode btncamera  ButtonfindViewByIdR.id.btncamera          btncamera.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener               Override             public void onClickView v                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 Intent intent  new Intentandroid.media.action.IMAGECAPTURE                  startActivityForResultintent, RESULTLOADIMAGE                  postImageURL, null                        codepre  pstrong  Code for Post data on urlstrongp  blockquote precodetry                       ArrayListltNameValuePairgt mNameValuePair  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt                       mNameValuePair.addnew BasicNameValuePairlid, lotids                       mNameValuePair.addnew BasicNameValuePairaid, attandantid                       mNameValuePair.addnew BasicNameValuePairvnum, vehiclenumber                       mNameValuePair.addnew BasicNameValuePairimag, xyz                        Log.iNameValuePair,  mNameValuePair                        result  mCommonClass.PostConnectionIssueSummonsUrl, mNameValuePair                       Log.iresult for log, result                                       catch Exception e                         TODO handle exception                       e.printStackTrace                       Log.eFastPark App,Nothing to be display                    codepre blockquote
Negative 42922 pI interested about can I interupt template rendering in the middle of template. For examplep  pemitemsindex.html.hamlemp  precodeh2 Items  if items.empty   h3 There are no items   X statement    items.each do item   items rendering  codepre  pSo if there are no items, message will be displayed and page rendering will be interrupted, otherwise item list will be rendered. Only way I can do it now, is throw ifelse statement. I tried to use strongreturnstrong in place of emX statementem, but seems like it not works like I expectp
Negative 42922 pso i have a multidimensional NSMutableArray. The first Array holds info such as username, password, first name, last name and email address.p  precodeNSMutableArray newUser  [[NSMutableArray alloc]init] [newUser addObjectusername] [newUser addObjectpassword] [newUser addObjectfirstName] [newUser addObjectlastName] [newUser addObjectemailAddress] int localUserID  0 codepre  pThis array is then added to an array with all other users.p  precodeNSMutableArray userArray  [[NSMutableArray alloc]init]  app crash occurs on this line. [userArray insertObject newUser atIndexlocalUserID] localUserID codepre  pso my basic question is, why does the NSMutableArray not like to work with the p  precodeatIndex codepre  pline but it works fine if i usep  precode[userArray addObjectnewUser] codepre  pI would simply user the later line, but when i add a new user it overlaps the last. Any help is much appreciated. p
Negative 42922 pI was surprised to find that codeView.onDrawcode wipes the canvas before drawing. This isnt what I want. Whats a good way to retain the previous drawings so that I only need to draw the changes on top of the previous drawings during each callp
Negative 42922 pthere is a task to spread some raster cubes PNG, with transparent background along the canvas based on Paper.JS platform. p  pI did it, however, there is a bug  canvas is bigger than browser window and when you are scrolling it to the right, animated cubes go glitchy, see attached screenshot. It seems that  the renderer doesnt clear previous frames. The same bug occurs in all browsers.p  pIs anyone knows how to overcome it When I am trying to resize window and call onResize, everything becomes good unless I am not trying to scroll it again.p  pa hrefhttpge.tt8BXHQz91v0 relnofollowartefact imageap
Negative 42922 pI have a strongly typed view which has text fields and a submitted link. After editing data I press link and try to submit form. Placing a break point I am able to see control comes to action modle is not null but all of its properties are always null, not sure where I m doing wrong. My tiny view code isp  precodemodel BL.Model.Speaker using Html.BeginForm      lttablegt         lttrgt             lttdgtHtml.EditorFors gt Model.Namelttdgt             lttdgtHtml.EditorFors gt Model.Emaillttdgt         lttrgt     lttablegt         Html.ActionLinkSubmit, All  codepre  pand my controller action isp  precode public ActionResult AllSpeaker model                return Viewdatabase.Speakers.FirstOrDefault          codepre  pHelp pleasep
Negative 42922 pI just working on date comparison but face something strange with date. my code is something like below codep  precodevar now  new Date  var from  new Date2013,12,18,7,41,25,0 var untill  new Date2013,12,18,8,42,25,0  ifnow lt untill ampamp now gt from ... else ....  codepre  pthis condition in a right time for example 20131218 74200 doesnt work. I get further investigate about it with console.log p  precodeconsole.logfrom console.lognow console.loguntill codepre  pthe output was as strange as belowp  precodeDate Sat Jan 18 2014 074125 GMT0330 Iran Standard Time Date Wed Dec 18 2013 082022 GMT0330 Iran Standard Time Date Sat Jan 18 2014 084225 GMT0330 Iran Standard Time codepre  pAs you can see its a date for from and untill variable is 2014 January 18 in spite of entered 2013  12  18p  pPlease help me to figure out why javascript act such this.p
Negative 42922 pI have a codeRestaurantscode table in my SQLite DB that have the following recordsp  precode Name    LatinName      Manaki          Enriko       codepre  pNow Im doing the search like thisp  pFrom my fragmentp  precodeString selection  DBHelper.COLNAME   LIKE  OR                       DBHelper.COLLATINNAME   LIKE   String[] selectionArgs  term, term  CursorLoader loader  new CursorLoadergetActivity,                                 DatabaseContentProvider.RESTCONTENTURI,                                 columns, selection, selectionArgs, null codepre  pThe content provider codequerycode methodp  precode public Cursor queryUri uri, String[] projection, String selection,                     String[] selectionArgs, String sortOrder       db  dbHelper.getReadableDatabase     SQLiteQueryBuilder builder  new SQLiteQueryBuilder     switchURIMATCHER.matchuri         case RESTLIST             builder.setTablesDBHelper.RESTTABLE             break         case RESTID             builder.appendWhereDBHelper.COLID                          uri.getLastPathSegment             break         default             throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionUnsupported URI   uri          Cursor cursor  builder.querydb, projection, selection, selectionArgs,             null, null, sortOrder       cursor.setNotificationUrigetContext.getContentResolver, uri      return cursor  codepre  pSo pretty basic right Now here comes the problemp  pIf the codetermcode that comes in is strongcodeencodestrong I can see the emEnrikoem restaurants among the others.p  pIf I pass strongcodeenricodestrong I cant see the emEnrikoem as a result anymore.p  pSame goes for the emManakiem restaurant I can see it until strongcodemanacodestrong and after that for strongcodemanakcodestrong term for ex I cant see it in the results list.p  pI was debugging my ContentProvider and I realized that the cursor was empty, so the problem have to be at the database level, I guess.p  pPlease help.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pHaving the laalto comments in mind I decided to do some test on the database. In the codeonCreatecode method of my codeSQLiteOpenHelpercodeI inserted only those two records in the table by hand and it worked.p  pNow the problem is that I have to insert 1300 records codeonCreatecode from a codejsoncode file shipped in the codeassetscode folder. Right now Im parsing the codejsoncode file create an codeArrayListltRestaurantgtcode then loop trough it and insert one record per object for all 1300 items. p  pThat kind of insertion wont work with the SQLite codeLIKEcode method. p  pAre there any gotchas about this kind of populating the database p  pMaybe I need to change file encoding it is UTF8 now or maybe databases collation, or maybe codegetStringcode from codeJSONObjectcode can be tweaked for the databasep
Negative 42922 pI want to set my Grunt.js file to launch my MAMP server on codegrunt servecode.p  pI have been trying to use this tutorial here to do thisp  pa hrefhttpscoderwall.compkwneg relnofollowhttpscoderwall.compkwnegap  pI was then planning to use this tutorial to set up codegrunt watchcodep  pa hrefhttpdarrenhall.infodevelopmentyeomanandmamp relnofollowhttpdarrenhall.infodevelopmentyeomanandmampap  pNow I am having trouble with step one. I have successfully installed stronggrunt execstrong. However, codegruntcode claims not to be able to find the task serverup.p  pHere is my codep  precode grunt.task.run[         cleanserver,         concurrentserver,         autoprefixer,         connectlivereload,         serverup,         watch,         serverdown ] codepre
Negative 42922 pI have an app, using the a hrefhttpsgithub.comlite4cordovaCordovaSQLitePlugin relnofollowLite4Cordovaa plugin. Its populating a virtual SQLite FS4 table from some documents on first run of the app. It runs correctly on an emulated device, but fails on a real device with an SQL error. p  pTo open the DB, I do this p  precode        var db         var shortName  linienDB         var version  1.0         var displayName  linienDB         var maxSize  65535          db  window.sqlitePlugin.openDatabasename shortName, version version, displayName displayName, maxSize maxSize         alertOpenDB is   db codepre  pThe alert gives me OpenDB is [object Object] on both emulator and real device.p  pThe create table code is this p  precode      db.transactionfunctiontx            tx.executeSql CREATE VIRTUAL TABLE IF NOT EXISTS guidelines USING FTS4 category, id, chapter, header, content,[],defaultNullHandler,defaultErrorHandler       ,defaultErrorHandler codepre  pOn an emulated device, this runs OK. The DB gets created amp populated correctly, amp I am able to run queries against it. But on my real device, the codedefaultErrorHandlercode is triggered on codedb.transactioncode,  and I get alert Error Processing SQL undefined. The error on the console is thisp  precode1218 173908.948 VexecuteSqlBatch4375 SQLitePlugin.executeSql[Batch] Errornear NOT syntax error , while compiling CREATE VIRTUAL TABLE IF NOT EXISTS guidelines USING FTS4 category, id, chapter, header, content codepre  pIf I switch back to the standard WebSQL DB open, like this p  precodedb  openDatabaseshortName, version, displayName, maxSize codepre  pthen the OpenDB alert is codeOpenDB is [object Database]code, and the load sequence completes but of course the table isnt built because creating an FS4 virtual table is an SQLite command, not a WebDB command.p  hr  pUPDATEp  pFollowing the error from LogCat that there was an error near Not, I removed the IF NOT EXISTS from the Create Table statement, and just have p  precodedb.transactionfunctiontx                     tx.executeSql CREATE VIRTUAL TABLE guidelines USING FTS4 category, id, chapter, header, content,[],defaultNullHandler,defaultErrorHandler                 ,defaultErrorHandler codepre  pWhich now works perfectly on the device. Its annoying not to be able to use IF NOT EXISTS syntax, but thumbs up to Android SDK for the useful error, anyway.p
Negative 42922 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhZwyD.png altNot able to create code signing certificate iOSp  pCan someone tell why the option to create code signing certificate is disabled for my accountp
Negative 42922 pcode snippet for my image uploadp  precodeRead the file and convert it to Byte Array  Dim filePath As String  FileUpload1.PostedFile.FileName  Dim filename As String  Path.GetFileNamefilePath  Dim ext As String  Path.GetExtensionfilename  Dim contenttype As String  String.Empty   Set the contenttype based on File Extension  Select Case ext       Case .jpg            contenttype  imagejpg            Exit Select       Case .png            contenttype  imagepng            Exit Select  End Select  If Not contenttype Is String.Empty Then   Dim fs As Stream  FileUpload1.PostedFile.InputStream  Dim br As New BinaryReaderfs  Dim bytes As Byte  br.ReadBytesfs.Length   insert the file into database  cmd.Parameters.AddimgName, SqlDbType.VarChar.Value  filename  cmd.Parameters.AddcontentType, SqlDbType.VarChar.Value  contenttype  cmd.Parameters.Adddata, SqlDbType.Binary.Value  bytes  Else   cmd.Parameters.AddimgName, SqlDbType.VarChar.Value  DBNull.Value  cmd.Parameters.AddcontentType, SqlDbType.VarChar.Value  DBNull.Value  cmd.Parameters.Adddata, SqlDbType.Binary.Value  DBNull.Value  End If  con.Open cmd.ExecuteNonQuery con.Close codepre  pbrbr preview imagep  precodeProtected Sub previewbtnClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles previewbtn.Click     SessionImageBytes  FileUpload1.FileBytes     Image1.ImageUrl  Handler1.ashx      previewbtn.BackColor  Drawing.Color.Lime     previewbtn.ForeColor  Drawing.Color.White      Image1.BorderColor  Drawing.Color.Lime End Sub codepre  pbrbr Handler1.ashxp  precodelt WebHandler LanguageVB ClassHandler1 gt  Imports System Imports System.Web  Public Class Handler1  Implements System.Web.IHttpHandler, System.Web.SessionState.IRequiresSessionState  Public Sub ProcessRequestByVal context As HttpContext Implements IHttpHandler.ProcessRequest     If context.SessionImageBytes IsNot Nothing Then         Dim image As Byte  DirectCastcontext.SessionImageBytes, Byte         context.Response.ContentType  imagejpeg         context.Response.BinaryWriteimage     End If End Sub  Public ReadOnly Property IsReusable As Boolean Implements IHttpHandler.IsReusable     Get         Return False     End Get End Property  End Class codepre  pbrbr The preview image works but whenever I invoke the preview image button, the codeFileUploadcode control get reset. p  pSo from the codeFileUploadcode controls point of view, it is as if the user did not select any image in the first place.p  pI tried storing the value of codeFileUpload1.PostedFile.FileNamecode in some variable first and then manually set back its value but codeFileUpload1.PostedFile.FileNamecode appears to be readonly, which makes sense from a security perspective.p  pSo workaround for thisp
Negative 42922 pThis is a hybrid MVC and Web forms Web app to rate doctors.  Here is my code for the ratings Web form.  Why is there an extra table with the first record under the GridView  It happened after I pressed Select in the first row, but why does it stay there after I stop and run it again  Its not a cache problem, because it shows in different browsers.  Thanks in advancep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5wLKh.jpg altenter image description herep  precodelt Page Title LanguageC MasterPageFileMaster.Master AutoEventWireuptrue CodeBehindRating.aspx.cs InheritsMidtermApplication.Rating gt ltaspContent IDContent1 ContentPlaceHolderIDHeadContent runatservergt  ltaspContentgt  ltaspContent IDContent2 ContentPlaceHolderIDMainContent runatservergt     ltaspObjectDataSource IDObjectDataSourceDoctor runatserver DeleteMethodRemove InsertMethodAdd SelectMethodGetDoctor TypeNameMidtermApplication.Models.TestApplicationDoctorRepo UpdateMethodUpdate DataObjectTypeNameMidtermApplication.Models.Doctorgt     ltaspObjectDataSourcegt     ltaspGridView IDGridViewDoctor runatserver DataSourceIDObjectDataSourceDoctor AutoGenerateColumnsFalse OnSelectedIndexChangedGridViewDoctorSelectedIndexChangedgt         ltColumnsgt             ltaspImageField DataImageUrlFieldDoctorPicture HeaderTextDoctorPicturegt             ltaspImageFieldgt                         ltaspBoundField DataFieldDoctorName HeaderTextDoctorName SortExpressionDoctorName gt             ltaspBoundField DataFieldDoctorSpecialty HeaderTextDoctorSpecialty SortExpressionDoctorSpecialty gt             ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextRate Nowgt                 ltItemTemplategt                 ltaspRadioButton IDRadioButton1 runatserver GroupNameRateNow Text1gtltaspRadioButtongt                 ltaspRadioButton IDRadioButton2 runatserver GroupNameRateNow Text2gtltaspRadioButtongt                 ltaspRadioButton IDRadioButton3 runatserver GroupNameRateNow Text3gtltaspRadioButtongt                 ltaspRadioButton IDRadioButton4 runatserver GroupNameRateNow Text4gtltaspRadioButtongt                 ltaspRadioButton IDRadioButton5 runatserver GroupNameRateNow Text5gtltaspRadioButtongt              ltItemTemplategt             ltaspTemplateFieldgt             ltaspButtonField AccessibleHeaderTextSave Rating HeaderTextSave Rating TextSave gt             ltaspCheckBoxField DataFieldfave HeaderTextFavorite SortExpressionfave InsertVisibleFalse VisibleTrue gt         ltColumnsgt     ltaspGridViewgt  ltaspContentgt codepre  pCode behindp  precodenamespace MidtermApplication      public partial class Rating  System.Web.UI.Page              TestApplicationDoctorRepo repo          protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e                      TestApplicationDoctorRepo.InitAppthis                    protected void GridView1SelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                             protected void GridViewDoctorSelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                          codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comu3tkQ.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pI have this code that gets json object from a strongstatic urlstrong and then renders grid. But I want to use json data retrived as AJAX response and then render grid using this response text. strongBecause for practical deployment I cant use static URL.strongp  precode    grid.kendoGrid     dataSource          type json,         transport              read url httpurlreturnsjsonobject.php             THIS GETS DATA FROM STATIC URL BUT I WANT TO READ DATA AS AJAX RESPONSE             like read somefunctioncall             or like read somevariable         ,         schema              model                  fields                      id type string, editable false,                     name type string                                        ,         pageSize 20     ,     height 430     columns [         field id, title ID, width 20px, hidden true,         name,  codepre  pThanks in advance for help and if you have any alternative method I will be happy to try it.p
Negative 42922 pJust as it says, I cant get capistrano 3 to do codeassetsprecompilecode correctly.  Even after hours, it still says writing to the code.csscode file on the server.  p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI was playing around and I tried a m1.medium.  Same thing happened when it got to a certain point it simply stopped precompiling.  Not errors are thrown, the cursor simply flashes.p  pIt looks like it is still working, as it just saysp  blockquote   pI, [20131231T011845.210416 31413]  INFO   Writing varwwwappreleases20131231011622publicassetsapplication998b176a776d6aff56fce8af9ca0d861.cssp blockquote  pWhen I look at the cpu usage from any instance It looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comT9aqY.jpg altenter image description herep  pIt seems like the process is done, but it isnt.  I created a fake application from scratch and it uploads perfectly with the same capistrano settings.  I am using ckeditor, bootstrapsass and a custom engine if that makes a difference.p  pIf I need to show any other files I would be happy to add them here.p  pThanksp  pstrongUpdate 2strong I got it to work on m1.medium instances, but it still fails on m1.small or t1.micro instances.  So I assume it is with the ssh.p
Negative 42922 pI recently read a a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17703539localvariablesorclassfieldsStackOverflow questiona that indicated, when accessing variables, it is faster to use the stack than the heapp  precodevoid f      int x  123  lt located in stack   int x  lt located in heap void f      x  123    codepre  pHowever, I cant work it through my head which is faster in my example since I assume they are both using the stack. Im working on hitbox calculation and such, which uses alot of XY, width, height variables up to 1020 times for each in the function. p  pIs it faster to use an objects codegetcode method each time or set it to a local variable at the start of the functionp  pIn code, is it faster to or more efficient top  precodevoid f      doSomethingfoo.getValue  bar.getValue      doSomethingElsefoo.getValue, bar.getValue     doAnotherThingfoo.getValue, bar.getValue      ... lt lots of accessing something.getValue  codepre  porp  precodevoid g      int firstInt  foo.getValue     int secondInt  bar.getValue      doSomethingfirstInt  secondInt     doSomethingElsefirstInt, secondInt     doAnotherThingfirstInt, secondInt      ... lt lots of accessing firstInt and secondInt  codepre  pwhen codefoocode and codebarcode are codeMyObjectcodesp  precodepublic class MyObject      int x  1     public int getValue          return x       codepre  pIf they are about the same efficiency, how many times do I have to perform a code.getValuecode for it to become less efficientp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI am using Python to launch an ec2 instance, after I get running state of my instance, I am trying to SCP a shell script and run it via ssh.p  pI am getting the following errorp  pssh connect to host ec2xxxxxxxxxxx.compute1.amazonaws.com port 22 Connection refusedp  pWhen I check in the console, the Status check is Initializing, once It changes 22 checks passed, I am able to ssh or run any script.p  pIs there any way I can get the status check via python boto APIp  pI am using Python 2.7.5, boto 2.19.0p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIm learning Ruby on Rails, and just trying to wrap my head around the MVC model, so Im wondering how to implement something in it. I have a resource, that has different properties. I also have a controller from it that I set up from scaffolding, like new, show etc. The way I understand it is that I am supposed to define in the controller what things are available for my view to use. Going from that, what I want to do is make a method, and use it in the show view. What I want to do is make a code.findcode method that checks all the values of a particular property of my resource, e.g. I have  a resources named codeuserscode with a property of region. When you view a users profile page I want an area there to list all users in the same region as the current profile.brSo my question is this Where do I define this method Is it in the controller or the model and then how do I call it properly in the view, because currently there is already code in the show method in the controller, and if Im correct I understand that the last line of the code executes, or prints out in the view, so how do I include that in it Wouldnt it conflict  Im sure Im not understanding something but I would just like some guidance, thanks p
Negative 42922 precodecodingutf8 import wx  class Appwx.App     def OnInitself         framewx.FrameparentNone,titleBare         frame.Show         return Ture appApp app.MainLoop codepre  pruns OK but the GUI interface is fleeting, just leaving the CMD console in the screen. a newer for python ,why the outcome of the GUI interface fleeting  environmentGvimWIN7PYTHON2.7p
Negative 42922 pI have a MATLAB class called superp  precodeclassdef super lt handle      properties         aString       end      methods         function obj  superobj, value             obj.aString  value         end          function set.aStringobj, value             obj.aString  value         end     end end codepre  pI want to override the set function in a subclass derived from superp  precodeclassdef sub lt super       Property aString is inherited from super      methods         function obj  subobj, value              Must include call to super constructor otherwise MATLAB will by              default call constructor with no arguments but my super class              requires one argument in constructor. This call should probably              super set method. But I dont care.             obj  objsuper               Now that super constructor has returned, call sub overriding              set method             obj.aString  value          end          function set.aStringobj, value             obj.aString  value         end     end end codepre  pThe code above gives me the following errorp  precodegt Cannot define property aString in class sub because the property gt has already been defined in the superclass super codepre  pAdding the property definition to sub results in the same error.p  pI have also unsuccessfully tried using Abstract as a workaround, where I define an Abstract classp  precodeclassdef Abstract bloat lt handle     properties Abstract         aString     end end codepre  pand then try implementing super as a child of bloatp  precodeclassdef super lt bloat  Remainder of super code remains the same codepre  pWhich did not work as I guess by the time sub inherites, aString is concrete. I then, in addition to the above modification, tried modifying sub to include boat in its class definitionp  precodeclassdef sub lt super amp bloat  Remainder of super code remains the same codepre  pThis also did not work. p  pI have been unable to find any MATLAB documentation that specifically says You cannot modify set and get methods.p  pIm hoping that my syntax is simply incorrect, but from searching I now fear that MATLAB does not allow this either as a bug or by design.p  pEDIT I am using MATLAB 2013ap  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pI want to convert my application Asp.net mvc 3, SQL Server to serve multitenants in a shared database and shared schema.p  pMy question is How to maintain backup restore the data for each tenant p
Negative 42922 pThere seems to be dozens of questions on how to deal with hover event on the websites when viewed in iPad.p  pMy question is strongdifferentstrong  Im building a native iOS game and it would be really good if a user can compare two items side by side. On PC this can easily be done by displaying one item a mouseover panel when mouse hovers over an inventory item. The main benefit of such panel is that it is easy to show and easy to close on PC.p  pstrongWhat are my alternatives for displaying a transient, hoverlike interaction panel in a native iOS appstrongp
Negative 42922 pIm a rookie in Hibernate. My application should support simple statistics features to select summarized several columns from mutiple joined tables, so I decalred a new class for accepting it and want to return it directly in a HQL, how can I do itp  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pIn writing a recursive function that counts string length, Im getting a not enough arguments error, when It seems I put in enough. Why is thatp  precodedef lenRecuraStr,Len,n     if aStr[n1 ]            return 1     else         LenLen  lenRecuraStr[n1]         return Len sabc lenRecurs , 0 , 0  output TypeError lenRecur takes exactly 3 arguments 1 given codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to connect my application to server using windows authentication, currently i am using this connection string which is placed in settings of my app.p  precodeserverxxx.xxx.xxx.xxxInitial CatalogxxxPersist Security InfoTrueUser IDuser passwordPass codepre  pI know i have to use integrated security true but what actually i have to do with SQL SERVER. I have the access to remote server. Do i have to change settings of sql server  p  pI have tried creating a new user in sql server with windows authentication Is it should be application specificp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to get images in a directory with extensions jpg, jpeg, png, gif using a hrefhttpphp.netglob relnofollowgloba. Heres my codep  precodeimages  globuploads.jpg,jpeg,png,gif, GLOBBRACE codepre  pBecause codeglobcode is case sensitive, its unable to find files with upper case and mixed case extensions. I want to find files with UPPERCASE JPG, JPEG, PNG, GIF and mixed case JpG, jPeG, PNg, gIF extensions.p  pI managed it to work using a hrefhttpphp.netsqlregcase relnofollowsqlregcasea on one extension, but it is now deprecated anyway.p  precodepattern  sqlregcasejpg images  globuploads.pattern, GLOBBRACE codepre  pIs there any flexible solution for this problemp
Negative 42922 pI am using googles smtp server for sending emails from several sites. The password of gmail account is not encrypted andor stored in database but hardcoded in the file that handles email forms. Is there any security risks in that approach Should I create new gmail account for every site or just storing the password in database would be enoughp
Negative 42922 pFollowing is my code to display a pdf using dompdf but the error was failed to load pdf  PDF.js v0.8.787 build 58407cf Message InvalidPDFExceptionp  ptable name is acadact and database name is pbasdb. Details of database connection is stored in dbconnect.php. Any help would be appreciablep  precode    ltphp             includedbconnect.php             require dompdfdompdfconfig.inc.php      sqlinvSELECT  FROM acadact     resinv  mysqlquerysqlinv or diemysqlerror     while sql3mysqlfetcharrayresinv              invid  sql3[Userid]             date  sql3[Year]             cname  sql3[GenInfoAQ]             subtotal  sql3[GenInfoNOC]             disc  sql3[GenInfoPlace]             subtotal2  sql3[GenInfoDuration]             tax  sql3[GenInfoSA]             gtotal  sql3[GenInfoAqyear]           dompdf new DOMPDF     html .lthtmlgt         ltheadgt         ltstylegt     body          fontfamily arial         fontsize 13px          table          width 100         bordercollapse collapse          th          fontweight bold         fontsize 14px         border 1px solid 333333          tr          width 100          td          border 1px solid 333333         textalign center         padding 10px         fontweight normalimportant          ltstylegt     ltheadgtltbodygt     html .     lttablegt     lttheadgt             lttrgt             ltth classgtSr.ltthgt             ltth classgtParticularsltthgt             ltth classgtSizeltthgt             ltth classgtQuantity  Insertionltthgt             ltth classgtRateltthgt             ltth classgtAmountltthgt             ltth classgtAmount 2ltthgt             ltth classgtAmount 3ltthgt             lttrgt     lttheadgt     lttbodygt             lttrgt             lttdgt . invid . lttdgt             lttdgt . date . lttdgt             lttdgt . cname . lttdgt             lttdgt . subtotal . lttdgt             lttdgt . disc . lttdgt             lttdgt . subtotal2 . lttdgt             lttdgt . tax . lttdgt             lttdgt . gtotal . lttdgt             lttrgt     lttbodygt     lttablegt     ltbodygt     lthtmlgt      dompdfgtloadhtmlhtml     dompdfgtrender      dompdfgtstreamsample.pdf      exit0     gt codepre
Negative 42922 pMy app features a special view that can contain hundreds of textviews and buttons but a few appear on screen thanks to a scrollview. It has not troubles for this but it is slow at creation time when adding textviews and buttons if they are very numberous. I would like to know whether textviews and button are the same from a performance point of view, or instead one is heavier than the other in terms of memory, speed, and so on, because I have also the possibility to use just only textviews or only buttons.p
Negative 42922 pIm implementing the Tokenizing Control as per this website a hrefhttpblog.pixelingene.com201010tokenizingcontrolconverttexttotokens relnofollowhttpblog.pixelingene.com201010tokenizingcontrolconverttexttotokensap  pAnd Im now trying to tidy things up and make it more MVVM friendly. So Ive moved the DataTemplate from the Windows Resource into ThemesGeneric.xaml file     p  precodeltStyle TargetTypexType localTokenizingControlgt     ltStyle.Resourcesgt         ltDataTemplate xKeyNameTokenTemplategt             ltDataTemplate.Resourcesgt                 ltStoryboard xKeyOnLoaded1gt                     ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFrames Storyboard.TargetPropertyUIElement.Opacity Storyboard.TargetNamebordergt                         ltSplineDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime0 Value0gt                         ltSplineDoubleKeyFrame KeyTime000.5 Value1gt                     ltDoubleAnimationUsingKeyFramesgt                 ltStoryboardgt             ltDataTemplate.Resourcesgt             ltBorder xNameborder BorderBrushFF7E7E7E BorderThickness2 CornerRadius5 HeightAuto Padding5,3 Margin3,0,3,3gt                 ltBorder.Backgroundgt                     ltLinearGradientBrush EndPoint0.5,1 StartPoint0.5,0gt                         ltGradientStop ColorFFFFD0A0 Offset0gt                         ltGradientStop ColorFFAB5600 Offset1gt                     ltLinearGradientBrushgt                 ltBorder.Backgroundgt                 ltGrid HorizontalAlignmentLeft WidthAutogt                     ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                         ltColumnDefinition Width0.21gt                         ltColumnDefinition Width0.79gt                     ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                     ltltImage HorizontalAlignmentRight SourceImages14tag.png StretchNone WidthAuto Grid.Column0 VerticalAlignmentCentergtgt                     ltTextBlock TextWrappingNoWrap TextBinding VerticalAlignmentCenter HorizontalAlignmentCenter Grid.Column1 Margin10,0,0,0 FontWeightBoldgt                 ltGridgt             ltBordergt             ltDataTemplate.Triggersgt                 ltEventTrigger RoutedEventFrameworkElement.Loadedgt                     ltBeginStoryboard StoryboardStaticResource OnLoaded1gt                 ltEventTriggergt             ltDataTemplate.Triggersgt         ltDataTemplategt     ltStyle.Resourcesgt     ltSetter PropertyTokenTemplate ValueStaticResource NameTokenTemplategtltSettergt ltStylegt codepre  pp  pIve update the control to load the generic style in the constructorp  precode    public TokenizingControl               lookless control, get default style from generic.xaml         DefaultStyleKeyProperty.OverrideMetadatatypeofTokenizingControl, new FrameworkPropertyMetadatatypeofTokenizingControl          TextChanged  OnTokenTextChanged      codepre  pHowever the TokenTemplate property is always null and hence no style gets applied.p  pWhat am I missing herep
Negative 42922 pI want to create new pages just click on text and i want that text is the name of new page. but it doesnot include strong.phpstrong extensionp  pSuppose i have a page strongblog.phpstrong In strongblog.phpstrong, we have an image which is linked to strongsingleblog.phpstrong with pass blog namep  pcodeblogsingle.phpblogltphp echo data[title]codep  pthis will create a link in url codewww.abc.comblogsingle.phpblogwelcomecodep  pBut i want this like in this way  codewww.abc.comblogsinglewelcomecodep
Negative 42922 pWhile trying to get friendly urls in WordPress I jumped into this a hrefhttpwordpress.orgsupporttopicduplicatecategoryslugsdesperatelyneededwillthiseverbefixed relnofollowhttpwordpress.orgsupporttopicduplicatecategoryslugsdesperatelyneededwillthiseverbefixedap  pSo the question is, how bad is from the SEO point of view to use something like this...    p  precodemysite.comcars1honda     mysite.comtrucks2honda     mysite.commotors3honda codepre
Negative 42922 pI dont know what keyword do I need to use to search for this but..p  pSince the form has its codeWindowStatecode property, to make it automatically maximized to any resolution, I want it like, emmaximize toem 6080 only.br How do you do thisp  precodeMe.Size  MaximumSize  20 codepre  pIs there something like thatp
Negative 42922 pI have a table codearticlescode with 500k rows. I only use codeselectcode queries on it via a web app. All of my pages load fast 20ms and each consists of one or two fast queries 10ms each. Those fast queries may either select something from the codearticlescode table or do something irrelevant, like selecting a row from another small table 5 rows.p  pI am having 30 pageviews per second on this webapp with no problem.p  pSometimes though a specific page executes a select query which is very slow 30 seconds because it almost does a full table scan on the 500k rows of the codearticlescode table and just returns 3 rows. When this happens the other fast pages start slowing down heavily and at some point they completelly block.p  pNote that all pages use transactions and all the queries are codeselectcodes so they shouldnt affect each other to much, performance wise.p  pI also validate the above by executing this slow query manually from a console outside of the scope of the webapp and the fast pages from the webapp are not affected at all. So I think that something weird is going on in the application layer.p  pAny idea why does this happen Why are all threads waiting at codecom.mchange.v2.c3p0.stmt.GooGooStatementCache.acquireStatementcodep  pSome datap  ul liMySQL 5.5.32li liengine InnoDBli lijdbc driver mysqlconnectorjava5.1.26bin.jarli lipool c3p00.9.1.2.jarli liorm hibernate 3.6.8li lipool config a hrefhttppastebin.com3zMARM1B relnofollowhttppastebin.com3zMARM1Bali lithread dump while stuck a hrefhttppastebin.comYGisWCzY relnofollowhttppastebin.comYGisWCzYali litomcat tomcat6.0.32li lijdk 1.6.xxli ul
Negative 42922 pI have a vector of pointerstostructs.p  precodestdvectorltREVOCATIONLISTBLOCKgt rlblock codepre  pThe struct is defined in a header...p  precodestruct REVOCATIONLISTBLOCK      int                    numberofentries     REVOCATIONLISTENTRY entries     SIGDATA                signature  codepre  pLater, the vector has one entry added, like thisp  precodeREVOCATIONLISTBLOCK newrlblock  new REVOCATIONLISTBLOCK newrlblockgtnumberofentries  6 rlblock.pushbacknewrlblock codepre  pLater, I want to access the data within rlblockp  precodestdvectorltREVOCATIONLISTBLOCKgtiterator it it  rlblock.begin number  itgtnumberofentries codepre  pBut this gets me the ol assertionp  precodevector iterator not dereferencable codepre  pNote, however, that I emamem able to do this, and get the value 6 back, as expectedp  precodeREVOCATIONLISTBLOCK block  rlblock[0] number  blockgtnumberofentriesinthissignatureblock codepre  pWhat am I missing with the iterator wayp  pemstrongEDITemstrongp  pThanks folks for your comments.  The coderlblockcode is part of another struct this code uses a complicated set of nested structs.  If I write a bit of test code that does not have the rlblock inside of another struct, everything works as expected.p  pAs a result, I modified the rlblock definition top  precodestdvectorltREVOCATIONLISTBLOCKgt rlblock codepre  pand then allocate the vector itself dynamically.  This works.  But whyp  pDigging further, I found the issue  a lousy codememsetcode of the containing structure to zeroout the memory.  This works for P.O.D., but not for the vectors, of course.p
Negative 42922 pOne codeCountrycode has many codeStatescode. One State belongs to one Country. Mapping Country property in StateMap using fluent mapping wasp  precodepublic StateMap      ...     Referencesm gt m.Country.Not.Nullable  codepre  pwhat is nhibernate mapping by code alternativep  pshould I simply map Country as propertyp  precodePropertym gt m.Country codepre
Negative 42922 pI am loading content in the magnific popup using the iframe method.p  pIt works just fine, except that it take awhile to load the iframe content. Until the content is loaded the iframe is just a blank dark and empty popup and the uses has no clue as to what is happening.p  pIs there a way to make the iframe show a loading message or animation until the content arrivesp  pThe .mfppreloader css class is of no help because it is hidden behind the iframe.p  pIm thinking the best was is to somehow hide the iframe until it has content.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pAfter I have followed the instructions on heroku to add a certificate from DNSimple, I still have this error when I try to access the websitep  pwww.web.com uses an invalid security certificate.p  pThe certificate is not trusted because no issuer chain was provided. The certificate is only valid for the following names   .herokuapp.com , herokuapp.com  p  pError code secerrorunknownissuerp  pSo, what could be the problemp
Negative 42922 pIm writing a Django website. I have a form like this p  precodeclass LoginFormforms.Form     username  forms.EmailField     password  forms.CharFieldwidgetforms.PasswordInput codepre  pand I like to do something like this p  precodedef workerloginrequest     form  LoginFormrequest     if form.isvalid         form[username].errors.appenduThis username is not registered.      return renderrequest, WorkerLogin.html,formform codepre  pbut no errors are added to the errorDict of the form, how should I append an error to an errorDict p
Negative 42922 pI started using Postgres UUID type for all my models id fields. Works great and is supported for the most part in Rails 4p  precodecreatetable users, id uuid do t    ... end codepre  pThe problem is that Postgres will raise an error if you attempt to find a row where id is X, but X is not a properly formatted UUID string.p  precodegt User.find 3ac093e23a5e4744b49f117b032adc6c ActiveRecordRecordNotFound  good, will cause a 404 gt User.find foobar PGInvalidTextRepresentation ERROR  bad, will cause a 500 codepre  pSo if my user is on a page where a UUID is in the URL, and they then try to change the UUID, theyll get a 500 error instead of 404. Or perhaps they get a link to an object that no longer exists.p  pHow can I go about avoiding this scenario in a DRY way I cant just rescue the codePGInvalidTextRepresentationcode and render 404 because a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20715190pginvalidtextrepresentationerrorinvalidinputsyntaxforintegermother thingsa can cause this error as well.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI think that a regex on the format of the ID param is clean, and it raises a 404 if it doesnt matchp  precoderesources users, id uuidregexhere codepre  pBut I still have the problem of staying DRY I dont want to put this on every single resource in my routes. I can declare multiple resources in one statement, but only if dont other options to it like member actions. strongSo perhaps a better question is Is there a way to set the id regex for all routesstrongp
Negative 42922 pI produce this temptest file  by running this commandp  precodefor i in cat tmphosts  do ssh i t echo isudo usrsbinethtool S eth1  grep   discards done gt tmptest codepre  pThis is he output of the command that is piped into test tmptest file  p  precodeyyyx01      rxftqdiscards 0      rxdiscards 0      rxfwdiscards 0 yyyx02      rxftqdiscards 0      rxdiscards 0      rxfwdiscards 45 yyyx03      rxftqdiscards 0      rxdiscards 0      rxfwdiscards 46 yyyx04      rxftqdiscards 0      rxdiscards 0      rxfwdiscards 47 yyyx05      rxftqdiscards 0      rxdiscards 0      rxfwdiscards 34022 codepre  pI need the output to appear as follow so I can pull it in to excel sheetp  precodeyyyx01   0   0  0  0 yyyx02   0   0  0  45 yyyx03   0   0  0  46 yyyx04   0   0  0  47 codepre  pCan anyone help please with the code to achieve this  I can dump the output into a temp file and then manipulate it with a command if it cannot be done via the SSH command linep  pThanking you in advance p
Negative 42922 pI am planning to publish my Web Service so it can be used on outside network. The issue comes about is that the Web Admins do not want to make this web service external but want me to wrap a proxy around it and make the proxy external. I am not liking the proxy part due to than having to maintain versioning on both the Service and the Proxy. I was wondering if there is a simple way to do this, if you accessing the webservice using outside network URL to use SSL and request authentication but if you are using it in internal network URL to not request authentication or SSL. I tried having two endpoint configuration in webconfig one secure and one not secure but the problem is when you consume the webservice both bindings show and the client can choose one or the either. If anyone has done this differently or reccomends a different way let me know, usually I do one approach either all secure or all non secure but not different depending on network. Thanks much  p
Negative 42922 pIm having trouble getting the ball to react to the paddles and the walls correctly. The right paddle controlled by the arrow keys and the ball both move as intended, but the left paddle doesnt move at all. The ball is supposed to bounce off the top and bottom walls and the paddles. It currently bounces off the side walls and ignores the paddles. Any suggestions on how to fix itp  precodefrom tkinter import  import random import time  class Ball     def initself, canvas, paddle1, paddle2, color         self.canvas  canvas         self.paddle1  paddle1         self.paddle2  paddle2         self.id  canvas.createoval10, 10, 25, 25, fillcolor         self.canvas.moveself.id, 245, 100         starts  [3, 2, 1, 1, 2, 3]         random.shufflestarts         self.x  starts[0]         self.y  3         self.canvasheight  self.canvas.winfoheight         self.canvaswidth  self.canvas.winfowidth         self.hitleft  False         self.hitright  False      def hitpaddleself, pos         paddlepos1  self.canvas.coordsself.paddle1.id         if pos[0] lt paddlepos1[1] and pos[1] lt paddlepos1[0]             if pos[2] gt paddlepos1[3] and pos[2] lt paddlepos1[3]                 return True             return False         paddlepos2  self.canvas.coordsself.paddle2.id         if pos[3] gt paddlepos2[1] and pos[1] lt paddlepos2[3]             if pos[2] gt paddlepos2[0] and pos[2] lt paddlepos2[0]                 return True             return False      def drawself         self.canvas.moveself.id, self.x, self.y         pos  self.canvas.coordsself.id         if pos[1] lt 0             self.y  1         if pos[3] gt self.canvaswidth             self.hitright  True         if pos[2] lt 0             self.hitleft  True         if self.hitpaddlepos  True             self.y  3         if self.hitpaddlepos  True             self.y  3         if pos[0] lt 0             self.x  3         if pos[2] gt self.canvaswidth             self.x  3  class PaddleFirst     def initself, canvas, color         self.canvas  canvas         self.id  canvas.createrectangle0, 0, 10, 100, fillcolor         self.canvas.moveself.id, 450, 200         self.y  0         self.canvasheight  self.canvas.winfoheight         self.canvas.bindallltKeyPressUpgt, self.goup         self.canvas.bindallltKeyReleaseUpgt, self.gonowhere         self.canvas.bindallltKeyPressDowngt, self.godown         self.canvas.bindallltKeyReleaseDowngt, self.gonowhere      def drawself         self.canvas.moveself.id, 0, self.y      def goupself, evt         pos  self.canvas.coordsself.id         if pos[1] lt 0             self.y  0         else             self.y  3      def godownself, evt         pos  self.canvas.coordsself.id         if pos[3] gt self.canvasheight             self.y  0         else             self.y  3      def gonowhereself, evt         self.y  0  class PaddleSecond     def initself, canvas, color         self.canvas  canvas         self.id  canvas.createrectangle0, 0, 10, 100, fillcolor         self.canvas.moveself.id, 50, 200         self.y  0         self.canvasheight  self.canvas.winfoheight         self.canvas.bindallltKeyPressWgt, self.goup         self.canvas.bindallltKeyReleaseWgt, self.gonowhere         self.canvas.bindallltKeyPressSgt, self.godown         self.canvas.bindallltKeyReleaseSgt, self.gonowhere      def drawself         self.canvas.moveself.id, 0, self.y      def goupself, evt         pos  self.canvas.coordsself.id         if pos[1] lt 0             self.y  0         else             self.y  3      def godownself, evt         pos  self.canvas.coordsself.id         if pos[3] gt self.canvasheight             self.y  0         else             self.y  3      def gonowhereself, evt         self.y  0  def game     w  0     v  0     canvas.deletebuttonwindow     timer1  time.time     while 1         if ball.hitright  False and ball.hitleft  False             ball.draw             paddle1.draw             paddle2.draw         root.updateidletasks         root.update         time.sleep0.01         if ball.hitleft  True             v  1             break         if ball.hitright  True             w  1             break     canvas.deleteall     canvas.createtext250, 150, fontArial 70, textGame Over     if w  1         canvas.createtext250, 300, fontTimes 48, textLeft Wins     if v  1         canvas.createtext250, 300, fontTimes 48, textRight Wins  root  Tk root.titleGame root.resizable0, 0 root.wmattributestopmost, 1 canvas  Canvasroot, width500, height400, bd0, highlightthickness0  canvas.pack root.update  paddle1  PaddleFirstcanvas, blue paddle2  PaddleSecondcanvas, blue ball  Ballcanvas, paddle1, paddle2, red  buttonstart  ButtonmasterNone, fontTimes 80, textStart, commandgame buttonwindow  canvas.createwindow250, 100, anchorN, windowbuttonstart codepre
Negative 42922 pOkay so Im trying to add a subview to my navigationControllers navigation bar, which works perfectly, however, when pushing a detail controller, I dont want that subview from the pushing controller to be seen in the detail view controllers navigation bar.p  pI appreciate any helppointers offered. To restate I need the subview to only be displayed in the root of the navigation controller, and to not be in any detail controllers.p  pHeres my current code for creating and adding the navigationControllers subviewp  precode voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      self.ImageView  [[UIImageView alloc]init]     self.ImageView.frame  CGRectMake0, 8.5, 320, 36     self.ImageView.contentMode  UIViewContentModeScaleAspectFit     self.ImageView.image  [UIImage imageNamedLogo]     self.ImageView.clipsToBounds  YES     [self.navigationController.navigationBar addSubviewself.ImageView]  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm resizing my UITableViewCells to adjust to their text size in heightForRowAtIndexPath.  However, occasionally the font comes out sized for a smaller 44px size.  This is fixed when the cell is hidden and shown again.p  pHow can I force UILabel to only use the font size I give itp  p[EDIT] By the way, I know about adjustsFontSizeToFitWidth, but it doesnt support multiline labels.  I also tried [cell setNeedsLayout] when the text is set.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1hOBG.png altFirst time the cell is shown img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com145mU.png altSecond time the cell is shownp
Negative 42922 pI want to use codeNavigation Drawercode and codeActionBar Tabscode together just like the google play store app.p  pIve managed to implement the codeNavigation Drawercode but i dont know how to correctly implement the codeActionBar Tabscode.p  pIve tried adding them to the code that contains the Navigation Drawer but it overlaps. Im guessing i should somehow put the tabs in one of the codeFragmentscode, but i dont know how.p
Negative 42922 pI am having a base class for POSTS like thisp  precodepublic partial class Post      public int Id  get set      public string Title  get set      public DateTime PostDate  get set       public virtual ICollectionltTaggt Tag  get set   codepre  pI want to make that codePostDatecode always had a value when record was creates instead of specifying it in form. Maybe you guys know some good solutions, maybe there is some annotation or something to do thatp
Negative 42922 pI have a foreach which calls a method to get its collection.p  precode foreachvar item in GetItemDetailsitem     codepre  pVisual studio doesnt complain about this, nor does Resharper, however, before I continue to use this approach, I want to reach out and check if it is a recommended approach. p
Negative 42922 pThere are 10 processes in my machine and each should have the capability to communicate with each other.  Now the scenario is all the 10 processes should be in the listening state so that any process can communicate with it at any time. Again when required it should be able to pass a message to any of the processes. I am trying to code it with C and unix tcpudp sockets. However I dont understand how to structure it. Shall I use UDP or TCP, which would be better How can a process listen and send data simultaneously. p  pI need help.p
Negative 42922 pI use modernizer.js amp respond.js to implement media query on IE8.p  pI coded my page HTML amp Javascript such asp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt   ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt     lttitlegtModernizr test pagelttitlegt     ltstyle typetextcss mediaallgt         media maxwidth 500px              body              backgroundcolor blue                           ltstylegt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt     Modernizr test pageltbrgt      ltscript srcmodernizr.custom.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscriptgt         Modernizr.load             test Modernizr.mqonly all,             nope cdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibsrespond.js1.4.2respond.js              ltscriptgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIt did not work.p  hr  pI then changed my code top  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt   ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivcontenttype contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt     lttitlegtModernizr test pagelttitlegt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefmyStylesheet.cssgt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt     Modernizr test pageltbrgt      ltscript srcmodernizr.custom.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscriptgt         Modernizr.load             test Modernizr.mqonly all,             nope cdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibsrespond.js1.4.2respond.js              ltscriptgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd a separate CSS file myStylesheet.cssp  precodemedia maxwidth 500px      body          backgroundcolor blue       codepre  pAnd it worked.p  hr  pI had a quick look on a hrefhttpsgithub.comscottjehlRespond relnofollowrespond.js Github pagea but could not find anything mentioned regarding internal stylesheet references not being supported.p  pDid I miss somethingp
Negative 42922 pI have an ul amp li and Ive made this sortable with jquery.  I am able to get the array of it by doing the following p  precodeupdate function                   var data  this.sortabletoArray                 console.logdata                codepre  pIn Firebug, I see the following outputp  pemstrong[experience, skills, aboutyourself, teachingexperience, education, languages, publications, patents, talks, certifications, awards]emstrongp  pCan I store this as it is in the mysql, or how shall this exactly be stored p  pShall the DB Table be like thisp  pstrongsortordertablestrongp  pstrongid AUTOINCREMENT,strong p  pstrongOrderarray,strong p  pstronguserID,strongp  pAny help is appreciated, thanks a lot. p  pemstrongEDIT I PLAN TO RELOAD THE STORED ORDER AND RENDER THE LIST FOR THE USER.emstrong p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to automaticly update data using a ajax call out of jquery.p  pWhen an object gets moved, this code is being executedp  pThis is my jquery codep  precode.ajax   type PUT,   url devices2328.xml, data ltdevicegtltnamegttestltnamegtltdevicegt,    contentType applicationxml,  format of request payload   dataType html,  format of the response     codepre  pMy controller looks like thisp  precodedef update device  Device.findparams[id] if device.updateattributesdeviceparams   respondwith device else   render action gt edit end end  private def deviceparams   params.requiredevice.permitname end codepre  pIn my log I can see the request comming in, but nothing really happens, see at the bottom Completed 204 No Content Im also noticing that the value that Im passing cannot be found at the parameters part of the logp  precodeStarted PUT devices2328.xml for 127.0.0.1 at 20140201 191033 0100 Processing by DevicesControllerupdate as XML Parameters idgt2328  Device Load 0.4ms  SELECT devices. FROM devices WHERE devices.id  2328  LIMIT 1 codepre  p0.1ms  BEGIN    0.1ms  COMMIT    Completed 204 No Content in 9ms ActiveRecord 0.6msp  pI cant really figure out what is wrong.p  pDoes anyone have a cluep
Negative 42922 pIm relatively new at PHP, so bare with me...  My page works, in the sense that login will take me to index.php, but it will never redirect to dashboard.php.  I appreciate any input.p  pDatabase columns are id  username  password  adminbr There are only two types of account, the admin account is indicated by a 1p  precodeltphp   Get username and password sent from form  myusernamePOST[myusername]  mypasswordPOST[mypassword]    Connect to database include dbconnectservice.php   To protect MySQL injection myusername  stripslashesmyusername mypassword  stripslashesmypassword myusername  mysqlrealescapestringmyusername mypassword  mysqlrealescapestringmypassword mypassword  cryptmypassword, 1philipphp   Query result dbhgtquerySELECT  FROM members WHERE usernamemyusername AND     passwordmypassword   Mysqlnumrow is counting table row count  resultgtrowCount   Determine if user is user or admin usertype  dbhgtquerySELECT admin FROM members WHERE usernamemyusername row  mysqlfetchrowusertype   If result matched myusername and mypassword, table row must be 1 row ifcount1    Start session, register myusername, mypassword and redirect to loginsuccess.php sessionstart SESSION[myusername]  myusername SESSION[mypassword]  mypassword SESSION[admin]  row   Redirect to appropriate page depending on user rights. Indicator 0 for user, 1 for admin. if SESSION[admin]  1     headerlocationdashboard.php      else      headerlocationindex.php      dbh  null  else  echo Wrong Username or Password  gt codepre
Negative 42922 pIve been working on this for some time. p  pI am trying to use a fadein function after all of my post content has been loaded and had the relevant masonry layout applied. Have researched this in several places, tried different versions of the a hrefhttpsgithub.comdesandroimagesloaded relnofollowimagesLoaded plugina but cannot seem to get it working.  p  pThis is my basic html structurep  precodeltdiv idpostsgt      ltarticle classpost text clearfixgt      text post etc     ltarticlegt  ltdivgt codepre  pI am calling masonry and then the imagesLoaded jquery plugin. p  pMy js looks like this I realise I need to set displaynone in the css at some point.p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction      var eachContainer  .post     eachContainer.hide     var wall  posts     wall.imagesLoaded function              eachContainer.fadeIn         wall.masonry             columnwidth 84,             itemSelector  .post                ltscriptgt codepre  pIve tried running the above in a window.load function too. It seems as though with this function the masonry columnWidth is not being calculated. p  pI actually have two tumblrs where this code is being tested. p  ol lia hrefhttpkidsofdada.tumblr.com relnofollowhttpkidsofdada.tumblr.coma this is working but I want the images to fade in AFTER the masonry grid has been set. li lia hrefhttpchildofdada.tumblr.com relnofollowhttpchildofdada.tumblr.coma images fading in, but masonry border not setting properly, also not resizing when the browser is dragged. li ol  pEDIT 1p  pI have tried to recode the above function using the example provided at the plugin site. So now my code looks like thisp  precode var container  document.querySelectorposts  var msnry  new Masonry container,      columnWidth 84,     itemSelector .post,     isInitLayout false   msnry.on layoutComplete, function      console.loglayout is complete     .post.fadeIn  codepre  pWhen the page is loaded all posts are hidden. How do I bind the function only to the window.load, or document.ready functions  If you resize the browser, this triggers and will display the posts a hrefhttpchildofdada.tumblr.com relnofollowhttpchildofdada.tumblr.comap  pEDIT 2p  pTrying to implement the false flag code, I realise I may have this written incorrectly have tried switching it. p  precodevar firstTime  false  var container  document.querySelectorposts var msnry  new Masonry container,      columnWidth 84,     itemSelector .post,     isInitLayout false   if firstTime  false      msnry.on layoutComplete, function          console.loglayout is complete         .post.fadeIn         firstTime  true       codepre
Negative 42922 pIm doing an animation and Im trying to control what is displayed and what is not displayed. To do this, Im putting IF conditions so if a var x  0 its not displayed, if var x  1 it displays.p  pI made it work so far when I assign the var x  1 it works, its just the statement to change the value that doesnt work, I guess for scope reasons but Im hopping someone can give me a hand.p  pThe idea is that if you click on black it will display some speakers.p  pMany thanks in advance.p  precode    window.onload  init      function init      var white  paper.rect 740, 575, 20, 20     var black  paper.rect 770, 575, 20, 20     var yellow  paper.rect 40, 575, 20, 20     var audio  new Audiosound.mp3     var displaySpeakers  0       function displayFunction      displaySpeakers  1           function speakers      if displaySpeakers  0         return   otherwise this function displays the speakers            speakers  this calls the speakers.      black.attrfill black, stroke none.clickfunctiondisplayFunction    Black should display the speakers      codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to build a query for a friend and Im not 100 sure what I need to do yet. I need to calculate the total time per person over a group of tables.p  pThe table setup looks somewhat like this....p  blockquote   pParticipantparticipantidp      pTableAparticipantid, time1, time2, time3p      pTableBparticipantid, time1, time2, time3p      pTableCparticipantid, time1, time2, time3p blockquote  pA participant may or may not be in every table either. For example Participant 1 may have a record in Table A, but not B or C. Also time1, time2, or time3 may be NULL.p  pWith this given info how would I calculate the total time per person across all the tables p  blockquote   ptableA.time1  tableA.time2  tableA.time3  tableB.time1    tableB.time2  tableB.time3  tableC.time1  tableC.time2    tableC.time3p blockquote  pI use more TSQL than anything, but have lots to learn. Thanks ahead of time for anyone that can give me some useful tips.p
Negative 42922 pI want to create a new user in my MySQL database that is able to select and update only certain columns of my table via phpmyadmin. I know this question has been asked several times here but I have a problem that was never mentioned before.p  pI use this command to give the user access to select two rows in the tablep  precodeGRANT SELECT id,name ON db.table TO user codepre  pWhen I login with this user at phpmyadmin and want to display the table i.e. only the columns id and name it gives me following error messagep  precode1142  SELECT command denied to user userlocalhost for table table codepre  pIf I grant select on the table it works but then the user can see the whole table. Can anybody please help me with this issue Thanks in advancep  pEdit I also tried it with a view and that worked perfectly. The problem was, when I used the search function of phpmyadmin, I was not able to do any changes to the search results. The error messsage said that there was no unique key defined, but the view contained the primary key column and another column that was defined as unique.p
Negative 42922 pI always thought, that the memory of permsize of a JVM is filled with loading classes during starting up the JVM. Probably also with stuff like JNI during runtime  But in general it should not growth during runtime signifcantly.p  pNow I noticed, that since I load a lots of data 20GB into the heapspace, which max is 32GB  ArrayLists of Data , then I get a OutOfMemoryError PermGen space.p  pIs there any correlation or just accidentally p  pI know howto increase the permsize. This is not the question.p
Negative 42922 pI need to hit a REST service to obtain status information for some devices we have.   This information is readonly.p  pI have successfully tested what I need to test using Fiddler, but unsure how to accomplish it via HTTPClient or some other routine   Id like to simply write a C Console Application.p  pBasically, the task is thisp  p1 Logging into REST service via login URL using POST    a I must pass a UserAgent header matching a userdefined string    b I must pass ContentType header matching textxml    c I must send an XML payload of a userdefined XML doc.    d There will be an XML response with a session ID and setcookie value that I will need to obtained.p  p2 I must obtain a device list via device list URL using POST    a I must pass a UserAgent header matching a userdefined string    b I must pass ContentType header matching textxml    c I must pass Cookie header with the setcookie value from initial response    d I must send an XML payload of a userdefined XML doc.  Will also need to include session ID from initial response.    e There will be an XML response with a list of devices... There may be more than one with a unique device ID.  I will need to parse out a particular device IDs.p  p3 I must obtain a device status via the device status URL using POST    a I must pass a UserAgent header matching a userdefined string    b I must pass ContentType header matching textxml    c I must pass Cookie header with the setcookie value from the initial response    d I must send and XML payload of a userdefined XML doc.  Will also need to include session ID from initial response.    e There will be an XML response with a list of device status information.   I will need to parse out particular status IDs.p  pIf anyone can help me with this, it would be greatly appreciated.p  pIm also wondering if I should create a Login, Device list, Device Status object with all the XML results and populate this into an object  Maybe this is overkill... p
Negative 42922 pIm working on some experiments for comparing different labeling heuristics in Sicstus Prolog.p  pBut I keep getting into Resource error insufficient memory.p  pIm pretty sure Im doing something wrong in my testcode.p  pThe following code will replicate my problemp  precode usemodulelibraryclpfd.  usemodulelibrarylists.  atest R, C      X is R  C,     length M, X,     domain M, 0, X,     alldistinct M ,      statisticswalltime, [,SinceLast],     labeling [],M ,     statisticswalltime, [,SinceLast],      writeLabeling time , writeSinceLast,writems,nl.    Testcode for looping through alot of variations and run one test for each variant t1     Cm  1000,     Cr  1000,          forC,0, Cm,     param[Cm,Cr]     do                  forR, 0, Cr ,         param[C]         do             atest C, R               .       codepre  pA short time after I call the t1 predicate, I get a Resource error insufficient memory exception.p  pI guess I should do something after I call atest to release resourcesp  pAlso Is this the correct way to measure labelingtime Any better way to do thisp
Negative 42922 pI have created a script in Python which takes an image as input and produces a new image where each pixel corresponds to a feature calculated from the windowed group of pixels in the input image. The following picture will highlight this idea p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYM5fo.png altenter image description herep  pIn the border cases we can either insert codeNaNcode into the output image or just use the pixels we have available inside the window. What would be an optimized way to do achieve this functionality in Python or some other programming language At the moment, my script is simply using a bunch of codeforcodeloops to get the job done.  Here you can see the codep  precode This function will return the statistical features     INPUTS   data the data from which statistical features are to be calculated  winSize specifying the window size, must be odd and gt 1   OUTPUT   meanData, stdData statistical feature matrices numpy ndarrays  def getstatfeatsdata, winSize      rows  data.shape[0]     cols  data.shape[1]     dist  intmath.floorfloatwinSize2.0     neigh  rangedist, dist1     temp  np.zerosintwinSize2, 1     meanData  np.zerosdata.shape     stdData  np.zerosdata.shape     for row in range0, rows         for col in range0, cols             index  0             makeNaN  0             for y in neigh                 for x in neigh                      indY  row  y                     indX  col  x                      Check that we are inside the image                     if indY gt 0 and indY lt rows1 and indX gt 0 and indX lt cols1                         temp[index]  data[indY, indX]                         index  1                     else                          makeNaN  1             if makeNaN  1                 meanData[row, col]  np.NAN                 stdData[row, col]  np.NAN              else                 meanData[row, col]  np.meantemp                 stdData[row, col]  np.stdtemp            return meanData, stdData codepre  pThnx for any help  If there any more information needed, please ask p
Negative 42922 pcan anybody teach me how to write a template function that can handle different array dimensions 1d,2d.is it possible if possible give me an example on initializing the given array either 1d or 2d with zeros.p
Negative 42922 pI want to limit the results of 10 products for each brandid. Heres how my query looks likep  precodeSELECT  products.id, products.brandid FROM products   JOIN      select id, brandid     from products limit 10      pinner ON products.id  pinner.id WHERE pinner.brandid IN 1, 2,3  codepre  pThat obviously does not work. Any suggestionsp  pstrongEDITstrong This post helped me with the solution a hrefhttpwww.xaprb.comblog20061207howtoselectthefirstleastmaxrowpergroupinsql relnofollowhttpwww.xaprb.comblog20061207howtoselectthefirstleastmaxrowpergroupinsqlap
Negative 42922 pI have a codeNSButtoncode sibling on top of a codeNSImageViewcode.p  pWhenever I click the window, there are some rendering issues. It looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAG8VU.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see, the white edges are the problem.br Strangely, this problem even persists if I override codedrawRectcode.br Nothing gets rendered at all, but whenever I click it, those white edges appear.p  pAlso, when the backgroundimage changes, the button gets redrawn and the edges disappear.p  pAny idea what might cause thisp  hr  h1EDITh1  pI found out that this actually happens with every single instance of codeNSViewcodebr and it actually clears part of the buffer you can see the desktop wallpaperp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGY6BS.png altenter image description herep  hr  h1EDIT 2h1  pI also just found out that this does not happen if I layerback the windows contentview.p
Negative 42922 pMy Android app updates a Google Drive document. The file can be modified also elsewhere e.g. through Drive web interface, so there may be a conflict on file upload. However, this should rarely happen. Thats why I dont want my app to first query the revision history since this is in most cases unnecessary and only after that, update the file. emHow can I detect that there is a conflict when updating the fileemp  pMy investigation so far reveals that a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma200561531097104getHeadRevisionId returns nulla although the a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma134267351097104null head revision id has been reported fixeda. Another thing I tried was setEtag on the file before update. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma113209751097104It should have given me error on updatea, but the upload was successful even the file had been changed remotely Is this the correct way to use ETagp
Negative 42922 pIm referring to a hrefhttpdocs.celeryproject.orgenlatestdjangofirststepswithdjango.html relnofollowDjango Celerya documents. p  pI created codecelery.pycode in my codeprojprojcode just as the document said. and then included codeinit.pycodep  pstrongcelery.pystrongp  precodefrom future import absoluteimport import os from celery import Celery from django.conf import settings  os.environ.setdefaultDJANGOSETTINGSMODULE, proj.settings app  Celeryproj app.conf.update     CELERYRESULTBACKENDdjcelery.backends.databaseDatabaseBackend,  app.configfromobjectdjango.confsettings app.autodiscovertaskslambda settings.INSTALLEDAPPS codepre  pstrongeminitem.pystrongp  precodefrom future import absoluteimport from .celery import app as celeryapp codepre  pI installed codepip install djangocelerycode , then migrated codepython manage.py migrate djcelerycode It made some of the tables in my DB.p  pstrongtasks.pystrongp  precodefrom future import absoluteimport from celery import sharedtask import requests import json  sharedtask def postnotificationdata,url     headers  contenttype applicationjson     requests.posturl, datajson.dumpsdata, headersheaders codepre  pAfter that I called my task in my views as p  precodetask  postnotification.delaydata,url print task.id it prints an id print task.status  prints PENDING codepre  pBut nothing gets logged into any of my tables. p  pIve read my threads on SO,a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions16633107celerydjangohowtowritetaskstatetodatabaserq1Thread1a  , a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10672987howtoproperlyconfiguredjceleryresultsbackendtodatabaseThread2a and many more given on these threads, but nothing happens.p  pstrongIt provides me the ID amp status of the task but how do I save the task in the DBstrong Usually it should get logged into codecelerytaskmetacode, but theres nothing in there.p  pThough the task gets execute but I want to save the task in  DB as well. How can I do it Is there something Im missingp
Negative 42922 pIs it possible to set the servlet path for all requests get, post, put, delete which go through the MockMvcp  pThe Spring dispatch servlet is mapped to rest But in my test I have to remove the rest part in the url otherwise Spring test does not recognise the controller.p  pEDITp  pSotiriosp  pSomething is possible likep  precodepublic class MyWebTests       private MockMvc mockMvc      Before     public void setup          mockMvc  standaloneSetupnew AccountController             .defaultRequestget             .contextPathapp.servletPathmain             .acceptMediaType.APPLICATIONJSON.build codepre  p p  pBut I wonder how servlet path can be set for all requests. Above code is from a hrefhttpdocs.spring.iospringdocs3.2.xspringframeworkreferencehtmltesting.html relnofollowhttpdocs.spring.iospringdocs3.2.xspringframeworkreferencehtmltesting.htmla.p  pOr is it only possible to define the servletPath with the standaloneSetupp
Negative 42922 pIm creating a SharePoint 2013 Workflow in SharePoint Designer using SharePoint Online.  How can I remove 2 last characters of a string workflow variable  Is there a way to do it for example using actions p
Negative 42922 pSay I have the IP address code10.0.0.47codebr  How can I manipulate it cleverly so that I am left with code10.0.0.codebr  codechopcode sprang to mind, but its not dynamic enough. I want it to work regardless if the number after the last code.code consists of 1 or 3 digits.p
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to create and insert a new table into an MS word document, and Im having trouble with this, any help would be much appreciated. Im encountering the following errorp  blockquote   pUnable to lookup InsertTable Unknown name. p blockquote  pSo obviously my syntax for accessing the function is incorrect but Im having trouble finding a resource that can succinctly tell me how to do this.p  pCode samplep  precode1. Instanciate Word          word1  new COMword.application or dieUnable to instantiate Word         echo Loaded Word, version word1gtVersionn 2. specify the MS Word template document with Bookmarks inside          templatefile  CPHPTEST.docx 3. open the template document          word1gtDocumentsgtOpentemplatefile   get the bookmark and create a new MS Word Range to enable text substitution             bookmarkname2  TABLEBudget          if word1gtActiveDocumentgtBookmarksgtExistsbookmarkname2              then create a Table and perform the substitution of bookmark with table              objBookmark1  word1gtActiveDocumentgtBookmarksbookmarkname2             table1  word1gtActiveDocumentgtTablesgtAddword1gtSelectiongtRange, 1, 2 creates table with 2 columns             now substitute the bookmark with actual value              objBookmark1gtInsertTable  table1          else               echo Problem found on  . bookmarkname2 . insert.          codepre
Negative 42922 pI have long known that Threads each have separate stackspace, but shared heapmemory.p  pBut I recently found some code that made me question exactly what that meant.br Here is a shortened version of the codep  precodevoid SampleFunction      CRemoteMessage rmessage     rMessage.StartBackgroundAsync    Kickoff a background thread.       Do other longrunning work here...        but dont leave function SampleFunction            rMessage.GetReply    Blocks if needed, but the messagebackground is mostly done by now.     rMessage.ProcessReply  codepre  pIn this code, the codermessagecode is a local, stackvariable, but spends most of its time in a background thread.  Is this safe How exactly is the background thread able to access the stackvariable of this thread p
Negative 42922 pFirst, I want to apologize for my bad english.p  pI have a Schema that looks like thisp  precodevar playerSchema  new Schema     name  type String, required true, trim true, index  unique true  ,     wood  type Number, required true, default 500 ,     woodPerHour  type Number, required true, default 3600   codepre  pAnd I want to increment to wood a quantity of woodPerHour3600 each second. The problem is that using inc, i cant add a quantity based on a schema value. Thats how it looks right now Im adding 1 for test.p  precodeplayerModel.update, incwood1, functionerr         iferr console.logerror al update   err      codepre  pThere is a smart way to do it or I have to do a find and then forEachp  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pstrongI need devise to pass back the resetpasswordtoken to the view on validation errorsstrong. Now, if the validation fails it goes to  codecustomerspasswordcode which looses the coderesetpasswordtokenfoobarcodep  pemThis is from my modelemp  precode  devise databaseauthenticatable, registerable, recoverable, validatable,          rememberable, trackable, authenticationkeys gt [email, storefrontid],          resetpasswordkeys gt [email, storefrontid] codepre  pemThis is from the form action in the viewemp  precodelt formforresource, as gt resourcename, url gt passwordpathresourcename, html gt  method gt post  do f gt codepre  pemThese are the routesemp  precodecustomerpassword      POST   subdomaincustomerspassword.format      customerpasswordscreate newcustomerpassword  GET    subdomaincustomerspasswordnew.format  customerpasswordsnew editcustomerpassword GET    subdomaincustomerspasswordedit.format customerpasswordsedit                         PUT    subdomaincustomerspassword.format      customerpasswordsupdate codepre
Negative 42922 h2The questionh2  pWhat happens when one click on the red button to close the window attached to an codeNSDocumentcode p  pWhat methods are called on which object p  pCan I hook up somewhere in the processp  hr  h2Why I ask this questionh2  pWhen I click on the red button here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7ZvKy.png altenter image description here of the window attached to the codeNSDocumentcode, the panelp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfELC2.png altenter image description herep  pdoes not show up. I want to debug this, and thats why I need to know the process of actions raised by this click.p  hr  h2More infoh2  pI put a breaking point in code voidwindowWillClosecode. When it stops here, the window seems to be already closed and if I ask codep bool [self isDocumentEdited]code, I get codetruecode.p
Negative 42922 pComing from Haskell I find it hard in Clojure to traverse some data types. In Haskell if I like to do some recursion on a type, in most basic case something likep  precodefoo x  []      Just value foo x  y  xs  bar y foo xs foo              Nothing codepre  pis just fine. p  pBut I think Clojures destructuring is nothing near of being powerful as Haskells pattern matching. Is there a nice idiomatic way to accomplish what Im trying to do For an example if I have a listvector how can I match a case when there is no more elements and suchp
Negative 42922 pSorry if my question seems vague, but I need to know how to do the following. I have this method that sends a arrays to a server like so.p  pViewController.mp  precode[requestHandler getRequestarrayid[0]] codepre  pRequestHandler.mp  precodevoidgetRequestNSMutableArrayarray     weak ASIFormDataRequest request  [ASIFormDataRequest requestWithURLurl]    [request addPostValuearray forKeyarrayid[0]]  codepre  pAs you can see I can send the first value of the array perfectly.However, I need to send the arrays like so arrayid[0], arrayid [1], arrayid [3], arrayid [4] to the server through addPostValue.The array count is always different. So I need to do something like the following. Pretty much keep adding on to request method and post method based on array count.p  precodevoidgetRequestNSMutableArrayarray array1NSMutableArray array1      [request addPostValuearray forKeyarrayid[0]]     [request addPostValuearray1 forKeyarrayid[1]]  codepre  pWhat is the best way to perform such a task and keep in mind that the array count is always different so I need a way to keep adding to both the getrequest method and request addpost methodp
Negative 42922 pTrying to setup a simple node app hosted on openshift  using the restify and mongojs modules. The only change I have made to the app is adding p  precoderestify latest, mongojs latest codepre  pto the dependencies section in the package.json, followed by a git push.p  pSince I want to setup a local devtesting environment as well, am using the documentation provided at a hrefhttpopenshift.github.iodocumentationoocartridgeguide.htmllocaldevelopmenttesting relnofollowhttpopenshift.github.iodocumentationoocartridgeguide.htmllocaldevelopmenttestingap  pas described in the docs  if I runp  precodessh ltuidgtltappnamegt.rhcloud.com npm list g codepre  pI get a long list of errors ending withp  precodenpm WARN unmet dependency optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesws requires optionslatest but will load  npm WARN unmet dependency optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesoptions,  npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.0.5  npm ERR missing npm, required by undefinedundefined  npm ERR missing openshiftnodewebproxy, required by undefinedundefined  npm ERR invalid options0.0.5 optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesoptions  npm ERR not ok code 0 codepre  pThe error body contains a lot of errors like ...p  precodeglob error  [Error EACCES, readdir optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesnpmmanman3whoami.3]   errno 3,   code EACCES,   path optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesnpmmanman3whoami.3  glob error  [Error EACCES, readdir optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesnpmmanman3whoami.3]   errno 3,   code EACCES,   path optrhnodejs010rootusrlibnodemodulesnpmmanman3whoami.3  codepre  pWhat is the recommended course of action  How to fix these errors Is the application in a broken statep
Negative 42922 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZIDQJ.png altenter image description herep  pI want design as above in detail band.. I tried lot but i could not find any proper way to design. I made 9 sub reports for different content and this design is one of the contents from sub report,in which I tried with table but i dont know how to maintain subdataset.p
Negative 42922 pI need to extract a file called Preview.pdf from a folder called QuickLooks inside of a zip file.p  pRight now my code looks a little like thisp  precodewith ZipFilenewName, r as newName         newName.extractQuickLooksPreview.pdf         newName.close codepre  pIn this case, newName has been set equal to the full path to the zip.p  pIts important to note that the backslash is correct in this case because Im on windows.p  pThe code doesnt work heres the error it gives p  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File CUsersAsitDocumentsEvamPythonScriptspageszip.py, line 18, in ltmodulegt     ZF.extractQuickLooksPreview.pdf   File CPython33libzipfile.py, line 1019, in extract     member  self.getinfomember   File CPython33libzipfile.py, line 905, in getinfo     There is no item named r in the archive  name KeyError There is no item named QuickLookPreview.pdf in the archive codepre  pIm running the Python script from inside Notepad, and taking the output from its console.p  pHow can I accomplish thisp  pAlternatively, how could I extract the whole QuickLooks folder, move out Preview.pdf, and then delete the folder and the rest of its contentsp  pJust for context, heres the rest of the script. Its a script to get a PDF of a .pages file. I know there are bonified converters out there Im just doing this as an excercise with some sort of realworld application.p  precodeimport os.path import zipfile from zipfile import  import sys  file  rawinputEnter the full path to the .pages file in question. Please note that file and directory names cannot contain any spaces. dir  os.path.abspathos.path.joinfile, os.pardir fileName, fileExtension  os.path.splitextfile if fileExtension  .pages     os.chdirdir     print dir     fileExtension  .zip     os.rename file, fileName  .zip     newName  fileName  .zip  for debugging purposes     print newName for debugging purposes     with ZipFilenewName, w as ZF         printIm about to list names         printZF.namelist for debugging purposes         ZF.extractQuickLookPreview.pdf     os.renamePreview.pdf, fileName  .pdf     finalPDF  fileName  .pdf     print Check out the PDF Its located at  dir   finalPDF  . else     print Sorry, this is not a valid .pages file.     sys.exit codepre  pIm not sure if the import of Zipfile is redundant I read on another SO post that it was better to use codefrom zipfile import code than codeimport zipfilecode. I wasnt sure, so I used both. p  pEDIT Ive changed the code to reflect the changes suggested by Blckknghtp  pThanksp  pevamvidp
Negative 42922 pIve got custom sliding view, which I can move up and down, over another view ImageView.p  pIve also got blurred version of said view prepared in memory. What I want to achive is blurring this background view during sliding updown as I would cover it with a blurry glass. Also, I need to reverse this process too, thats why Im keeping both Bitmaps.p  pHope I made myself clear here.p  psadly, this project requires me to use API  8p
Negative 42922 pIve got a code here, using a pointer and dereferencing to change the element value in an array.p  precodeint arr[]  6, 7, 8, 9, 10 int ptr  arr ptr  ptr  123 ptr  ptr  123 int p  arr int q  arr  sizeofarrsizeofarr while p  q      cout ltlt p ltlt    129 7 8 9 133 codepre  pFirst of all, it is a really bad style, since one subexpression changes the value of operand on the other subexpression.p  pMy question is, how does underlying operation of this expression gop  precodeptr  ptr  123 codepre  pIn my imagination, the first increment may effect the increment on righthand side or the second one effect the first one.p  pso may the result go with 130 and change the value on the location of 6,p  porp  pmay the result go with 129 and change the value on the location of 7...p  pBut the result is not what I expect  it goes change the value on location of 6 and the pointer goes to the location of 8p  pI can not figure out what the underlying operations are.p  pe.g.p  ol liincrement lefthand side, keep the location of 6, and pointer incrementsli liincrement the operand on righthand side, keep the location of 7, and pointer incrementsli lido the additional operator. It is 7  123li lido the assignment operator. The value of location 6 changed to 130li ol  pWhats wrong How should I break this apart Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a form application that creates 10 random numbers and then plays different guitar strings based off of that list of number, but every time i run it, there is always at least 3 back to back repeats of a number. The application writes to a text file so here is an example p  precode Public Class Form1 Public s As String Dim x As New ListOf String Dim writer As StreamWriter  New StreamWriterCUsersrmonzingDesktopChords.txt  Private Sub Form1Loadsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles MyBase.Load      Timer1.Start  End Sub  Private Sub Form1Closedsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles MyBase.FormClosed      For Each item In x         writer.Writeitem.ToString     Next      writer.Close  End Sub  Public Sub Timer1Ticksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles Timer1.Tick     Dim range As Integer  10      s  Strings Played       s  vbNewLine     Try          For i  0 To range             Dim rand As New Random              Dim z  rand.Next1, 10              If z  1 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer1.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp31stStringE64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String E                 ElseIf z  2 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer2.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp32ndStringB64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String B                ElseIf z  3 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer3.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp33rdStringG64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String G                ElseIf z  4 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer4.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp34thStringD64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String D                ElseIf z  5 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer5.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp35thStringA64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String A                ElseIf z  6 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer6.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp36thStringE64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String E2                ElseIf z  7 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer7.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp3C64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String C                ElseIf z  8 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer8.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp3D64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String D Major                ElseIf z  9 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer9.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp3Dm64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String D Minor               ElseIf z  10 Then                 AxWindowsMediaPlayer10.URL  CUsersrmonzingDocumentsGuitarChordA64kbmp3E64kb.mp3                 s  Chord A  String E Major               End If             s  vbNewLine             z  Nothing         Next         CollectChordss      Catch ex As Exception         MsgBoxex.Message     End Try    End Sub  Public Sub CollectChordsByVal s As String      x.Adds  End Sub  End Class codepre  pThis is the whole project, but every time i run it, i get a text file like thisp  pStrings Playedbr Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String Bbr Chord A  String Abr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Ebr Chord A  String Ebr Strings Playedbr Chord A  String D Majorbr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String Ebr Chord A  String Dbr Chord A  String Dbr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String D Minorbr Chord A  String D Minorbr Strings Playedbr Chord A  String Bbr Chord A  String Ebr Chord A  String Dbr Chord A  String Bbr Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String D Minorbr Chord A  String D Minorbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Bbr Chord A  String Bbr Strings Playedbr Chord A  String D Minorbr Chord A  String D Minorbr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String Bbr Chord A  String Bbr Chord A  String Abr Chord A  String D Majorbr Chord A  String D Majorbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Cbr Chord A  String Ebr Strings Playedbr Chord A  String Gbr Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String Abr Chord A  String D Majorbr Chord A  String D Majorbr Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String E2br Chord A  String Ebr Chord A  String E  p  pDoesnt look random to me, no idea whats going on here.. p
Negative 42922 pAt present, if a page has 2 images and 2 JavaScript files, there are 5 calls made by the browser. Sure, you can have keep alive and pipelining, but it still 5 network calls. Is there a way to send one zip file and let browser resolve the resources within the zip or similar compassed filep  p5 calls is just an example. In large websites, 3050 calls per page are are not uncommon. Also, inlining does not help, because your subsequent pages are going to refer to individual jscssimageicon files. So those requests should be served from cache. p  pNetwork calls matter, specially if you have a hybrid application running on cell phone, and the user is in east coast and your data center is in west coast or worse, your user is in europe and you have datacenter in west coast etc.p
Negative 42922 pI want to display my codeReportcode on a codeJFramecode without using the codeshowcode method. p  pI dont want to have this popup frame, I just want to see it on a codeJFramecode.p  pHere is the current situationp  precodeprivate void jButton1ActionPerformedjava.awt.event.ActionEvent evt                                                JasperReportBuilder jrb  new JasperReportBuilder               int iFontsizeStringI  Integer jSpinner1.getValue     int iFontsizeStringII Integer jSpinner2.getValue      String sPageSize StringjComboBox1.getSelectedItem     String sPageOrientation  StringjComboBox2.getSelectedItem      String one  jTextField1.getText     String two  jTextField2.getText      FontBuilder fontI  stl.fontCourier New, true, false, iFontsizeStringI             FontBuilder fontII  stl.fontCourier New, true, false, iFontsizeStringII      ifsPageOrientation.equalsIgnoreCaseLandscape ampamp sPageSize.equalsIgnoreCaseA4         jrb.setPageFormatPageType.A4, PageOrientation.LANDSCAPE     ifsPageOrientation.equalsIgnoreCaseLandscape ampamp sPageSize.equalsIgnoreCaseA3         jrb.setPageFormatPageType.A3, PageOrientation.LANDSCAPE     ifsPageOrientation.equalsIgnoreCasePortrait ampamp sPageSize.equalsIgnoreCaseA3         jrb.setPageFormatPageType.A3, PageOrientation.PORTRAIT      jrb.titlecmp.verticalListcmp.textone.setStylestl.style.setBorderstl.penDouble.setFontfontI             .setHorizontalAlignmentHorizontalAlignment.CENTER,cmp.texttwo.setStylestl.style             .setFontfontII.setHorizontalAlignmentHorizontalAlignment.CENTER.setBorderstl.penDouble     try          jrb.showfalse      catch DRException ex          Exceptions.printStackTraceex       codepre  pWhat do I have to change to let me show this in a codeJFramecode When its possible without any codejrxmlcode filep
Negative 42922 pI found a hrefhttpforum.spring.ioforumspringprojectsdatanosql130522springdatamongodbaggregationframeworkimplementationexceptions relnofollowthis article in Spring Foruma which obviously dicusses partly the same problem, but has no answer to my question.p  pGiven the following document...p  precode     id  oid 5214b5d529ee12460939e2ba,     title this is my title,     tags [ fun, sport ],     comments [                      author alex,             text this is cool,             createdAt 1         ,                      author sam,             text this is bad,             createdAt 2         ,                      author jenny,             text this is bad,             createdAt 3              ]  codepre  p... I want to do this aggregation Javascript ...p  precodeThis is as concise as possible to focus on the actual problem which is the sort operation when ported to Spring   db.articles.aggregate      unwindcomments,     do more like match, group, etc...     sortcomments.createdAt1 Sort descending gt here the problem occurs in Spring works in Javascript  codepre  p... but with Spring  Throws Invalid Reference p  precodeAggregation agg  newAggregation        unwindcomments,        sortDirection.DESC, comments.createdAt Throws invalid reference comments.createdAt        How can I make this work   codepre  pOf course I can do it with the native JavaDriver and without usage of Springs MongoTemplate but I dont like this approach very much. What can I do to make this exact aggregation work with Springp  pstrongI am using the current Version 1.4.0.RELEASE.strongp
Negative 42922 pive encountered a problem when tried to add chart to PowerPoint in Cp  precodeAutoWrapDISPATCHMETHOD, NULL, pShapes, LAddChart, 0 codepre  pIt throws 0x80020009 Exception occured error. That code works for AddTable, AddTextbox etc.p
Negative 42922 pI tried googling and searching through forums to see if someone had the same issue, but I couldnt find anyone with a problem like this one. Its possible that it is because I am overlooking something completely obvious, but after spending entirely too much time on this, I thought I might ask here.p  pEssentially, I have a large table Largetable that looks like thisp  precode    nam startpos endpos  means File.Name   12142 Chr 2        1  10000 0.1032  Strain164   12143 Chr 2    10001  20000 0.0097  Strain164   12144 Chr 2    20001  30000 0.0000  Strain164   12145 Chr 2    30001  40000 0.0000  Strain164   12146 Chr 2    40001  50000 0.0000  Strain164   12147 Chr 2    50001  60000 0.0000  Strain164   ...   ...   ...   3240 Chr X 32390001 32400000 1.1921 Strain98   3241 Chr X 32400001 32410000 0.0827 Strain98   3242 Chr X 32410001 32420000 2.5432 Strain98   3243 Chr X 32420001 32430000 0.0404 Strain98   3244 Chr X 32430001 32440000 0.2218 Strain98   3245 Chr X 32440001 32450000 0.0645 Strain98 codepre  pWhat I have been trying to do is make a set of plots using ggplot and the facetwrap option. The code for it is the followingp  precodep lt ggplotdata  Largetable, aesxstartpos, ymeans          geompointaescolournam, size  2          coordcartesianylim  c0, 30  xlabChromosome Position Mb          ylabAverage Coverage per 10kb p lt p  themelegend.positionnone          scalexcontinuouslabelsfunctionxx1000000          ggtitley  facetgridFile.Name  nam , margins  T, scalesfreex, dropT p lt p  themepanel.background  elementrectfillwhite, panel.marginunit1,lines codepre  pI end up with a plot that looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comY29OP.jpg altExample of plots produced by ggplotp  pMy issue is that I dont want the all column and row. I want only my data plotted, not the pooled results, and I dont know why ggplot is even making that. I looked at the help file but had no luck finding anything there either. I apologize again in advance because to me this seems like a really stupid question, but I cannot figure out why this is happening.p  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pThe a hrefhttplinux.die.netman2ptrace relnofollowdocumentationa on ptrace is a little bit fuzzy to me. It saysp  blockquote   pA tracee first needs to be attached to the tracer. Attachment and   subsequent commands are per thread in a multithreaded process, every   thread can be individually attached to a potentially different   tracer, or left not attached and thus not debugged. Therefore,   tracee always means one thread, never a possibly   multithreaded process.p blockquote  pAlsop  blockquote   pIn the following requests, pid specifies the thread ID of the tracee   to be acted on. For requests other than PTRACEATTACH, PTRACESEIZE,   PTRACEINTERRUPT and PTRACEKILL, the tracee must be stopped.p blockquote  pSo, if we have a multithreaded process and we attach to a single thread with PTRACESEIZE and stop it with PTRACEINTERRUPT, will we able to readwrite the entire processs global data with PTRACEPEEKTEXT, PTRACEPEEKDATA, PTRACEPOKETEXT or PTRACEPOKEDATAp  pSecondary question If the answer to the main question is yes, why is it needed for a thread to be stopped I was thinking that the stop is needed for achieving some sort of locking mechanism, but if a single thread is stopped, then the other ones can write into the memory that ptrace is trying to readwrite freely.p
Negative 42922 pI wanna find common elements between two arrays. my function does not work correctly. arrays are sorted. just wanna put two sorted arrays into the checkcommon function to show common elements. anyone can help to fix it please    p  precodevoid checkcommon int x[], int size1, int y[], int size2              int temp cout ltlt  Common elements aret ltlt endl for  int i0 i lt size2 i       for  int j0 j lt size1 j              if x[j]  y[j]             temp  x[j]             cout ltlt temp ltlt t          cout ltlt endl      codepre
Negative 42922 pDjango 1.6p  pI have a working block of code in a Django form class as shown below. The data set from which Im building the form field list can include an initial value for any of the fields, and Im having no success in setting that initial value in the form. The codeif fieldvaluecode block below does indeed populate the initial form dictionary attribute, but the initial value is not being displayed. Note that in case you are wondering the code.initialcode attribute does not exist until after the codesupercode call. p  pCan this be donep  pIf so, what Im not doing right to make this workp  pThanksp  precodedef initself, args, kwargs     id  kwargs.popvaluesid, 0     superLaunchForm, self.initargs, kwargs      Lotsa code here that uses the id value      to execute a query and build the form      fields and their attributes from the       result set      if fieldvalue         self.initial[fieldname]  fieldvalue codepre
Negative 42922 pI have telerik grid with hierarchy and  gridclientselectcolumn on the external table on my aspx page.p  precode  lttelerikRadAjaxPanel runatservergt                 lttelerikRadGrid IDrgUsersInSessions ShowStatusBartrue OnNeedDataSourceOnNeedDataSourceForGrid OnDetailTableDataBindOnDetailTableDateBind OnItemDataBoundOnAnswerItemBound runatserver AutoGenerateColumnsFalse PageSize10                     AllowSortingTrue AllowMultiRowSelectionFalse AllowPagingTrue GridLinesNonegt                     ltClientSettings AllowExpandCollapseTruegt                         ltSelecting AllowRowSelectTruegtltSelectinggt                         ltClientEvents OnHierarchyExpandingRowExpanded gt                     ltClientSettingsgt                     ltPagerStyle ModeNumericPagesgtltPagerStylegt                     ltMasterTableView EnableHierarchyExpandAlltrue AllowMultiColumnSortingTrue ClientIDModeStatic HierarchyLoadModeConditionalgt                         ltDetailTablesgt                             lttelerikGridTableView HierarchyLoadModeConditional EnableHierarchyExpandAlltrue Width100 runatserver ClientIDModeStatic ShowHeaderFalsegt                                     ltColumnsgt                                     lttelerikGridTemplateColumn UniqueNameuserQuestiongt                                         ltItemTemplategt                                             ltaspLabel  Textlt DataBinder.EvalContainer.DataItem, EventId.ToString gtgtltaspLabelgt                                                                              ltItemTemplategt                                     lttelerikGridTemplateColumngt                                 ltColumnsgt                             lttelerikGridTableViewgt                             ltDetailTablesgt                         ltColumnsgt                                lttelerikGridBoundColumn UniqueNameSessionUserId DisplayFalse AllowFilteringfalse DataFieldSessionUserId DataTypeSystem.Int32gt                             lttelerikGridBoundColumngt                          ltColumnsgt                     ltMasterTableViewgt                 lttelerikRadGridgt             lttelerikRadAjaxPanelgt codepre  pAlso I have a LinkButtonp  precodeltaspButton runatserver OnClickOnApproveButtonClickgt codepre  pIn the event handler I try to get selected items count  as p  precodergUsersInSessions.SelectedItems.Count codepre  pBut I get 0 when I checked several items at UI page.p  pWhen I try to check the select all checkbox in the header of grid, I get js errorp  blockquote   pUncaught TypeError Cannot call method getelement of null   Telerik.Web.UI.RadGrid.selectAllRows   onclickp blockquote  pAny ideas, how to get the selected items at server side using gridclientselectcolumn p
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to copy one Azure SQL Database to another, located on the same server. Im doing this using SMO System.Data.SqlClient. I know this is not the most efficient way, however my intention is to utilize this script to create a scheduled copy of my Azure SQL Database on my onpremise SQL Server. p  pHeres my code Dev is the original Database, DevMirror is the destination databasep  precodevar serverConnection  new ServerConnection         serverConnection.NetworkProtocol  NetworkProtocol.TcpIp         serverConnection.ConnectionString  Servertcpmysernamename.database.windows.net,1433User IDuserserverPasswordpasswordTrustedConnectionFalseEncryptTrueConnection Timeout30         var server  new ServerserverConnection         var transfer  new Transferserver.Databases[Dev]         transfer.CopyAllObjects  true         transfer.CopyAllUsers  true         transfer.Options.WithDependencies  true         transfer.DestinationDatabase  server.Databases[DevMirror].Name         transfer.DestinationServer  server.Name         transfer.DestinationLoginSecure  true         transfer.CopySchema  true         transfer.CopyData  true         transfer.Options.ContinueScriptingOnError  true         transfer.TransferData codepre  pAfter two minutes or so, this code throws the following TransferException after executing TransferData however, the connection to the server itself is successful, and the Databases property on the Server instance are populatedp  precodeMicrosoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.TransferException was unhandled   HResult2146233088   MessageAn error occurred while transferring data. See the inner exception for details.   SourceMicrosoft.SqlServer.SmoExtended   StackTrace        at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Smo.Transfer.TransferData        at SmoDatabaseCopy.Program.MainString[] args in cUsersbronf000DocumentsVisual Studio 2013ProjectsSmoDatabaseCopySmoDatabaseCopyProgram.csline 32        at System.AppDomain.nExecuteAssemblyRuntimeAssembly assembly, String[] args        at System.AppDomain.ExecuteAssemblyString assemblyFile, Evidence assemblySecurity, String[] args        at Microsoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.HostProc.RunUsersAssembly        at System.Threading.ThreadHelper.ThreadStartContextObject state        at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunInternalExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state, Boolean preserveSyncCtx        at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state, Boolean preserveSyncCtx        at System.Threading.ExecutionContext.RunExecutionContext executionContext, ContextCallback callback, Object state        at System.Threading.ThreadHelper.ThreadStart   InnerException System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException        HResult2146232060        MessageA networkrelated or instancespecific error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow remote connections. provider Named Pipes Provider, error 40  Could not open a connection to SQL Server        Source.Net SqlClient Data Provider        ErrorCode2146232060        Class20        LineNumber0        Number2        Server        State0        StackTrace             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnection.OnErrorSqlException exception, Boolean breakConnection, Action1 wrapCloseInAction             at System.Data.SqlClient.TdsParser.ThrowExceptionAndWarningTdsParserStateObject stateObj, Boolean callerHasConnectionLock, Boolean asyncClose             at System.Data.SqlClient.TdsParser.ConnectServerInfo serverInfo, SqlInternalConnectionTds connHandler, Boolean ignoreSniOpenTimeout, Int64 timerExpire, Boolean encrypt, Boolean trustServerCert, Boolean integratedSecurity, Boolean withFailover             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnectionTds.AttemptOneLoginServerInfo serverInfo, String newPassword, SecureString newSecurePassword, Boolean ignoreSniOpenTimeout, TimeoutTimer timeout, Boolean withFailover             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnectionTds.LoginNoFailoverServerInfo serverInfo, String newPassword, SecureString newSecurePassword, Boolean redirectedUserInstance, SqlConnectionString connectionOptions, SqlCredential credential, TimeoutTimer timeout             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnectionTds.OpenLoginEnlistTimeoutTimer timeout, SqlConnectionString connectionOptions, SqlCredential credential, String newPassword, SecureString newSecurePassword, Boolean redirectedUserInstance             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnectionTds..ctorDbConnectionPoolIdentity identity, SqlConnectionString connectionOptions, SqlCredential credential, Object providerInfo, String newPassword, SecureString newSecurePassword, Boolean redirectedUserInstance, SqlConnectionString userConnectionOptions, SessionData reconnectSessionData             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnectionFactory.CreateConnectionDbConnectionOptions options, DbConnectionPoolKey poolKey, Object poolGroupProviderInfo, DbConnectionPool pool, DbConnection owningConnection, DbConnectionOptions userOptions             at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.CreateNonPooledConnectionDbConnection owningConnection, DbConnectionPoolGroup poolGroup, DbConnectionOptions userOptions             at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnectionDbConnection owningConnection, TaskCompletionSource1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, DbConnectionInternalamp connection             at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternalDbConnection outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions             at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionClosed.TryOpenConnectionDbConnection outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInnerTaskCompletionSource1 retry             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenTaskCompletionSource1 retry             at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open             at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Smo.Transfer.TransferData        InnerException System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception             HResult2147467259             MessageThe system cannot find the file specified             ErrorCode2147467259             NativeErrorCode2             InnerException  codepre
Negative 42922 pSo Ive been teaching myself C the last few months and decided to work on a project to see what I can do with what I have learnt.p  pSo my question is this. Is this new Person selectedPerson a strongnew objectstrong stored in new memory, or is it a strongreferencestrong of the strongreturned person[i]strong in the WhosBuying Method. Basically what Im asking is, do they share the same properties, so if I update one itll update the other strongorstrong are they different objects.p  precodeChose the person whos buying something and save into selectedPerson Person selectedPerson  new Person selectedPerson  selectedPerson.WhosBuyingperson      public Person WhosBuyingListltPersongt person              StringBuilder buyer  new StringBuilder         buyer.AppendWhos Buying           Loop through all persons 1person[0].Name 2person[1].Name         int i  1         foreach var p in person                      buyer.Append  i    p.Name                i                   Console.WriteLinebuyer         string buying  Console.ReadLine          Store the person buying into selectedPerson          by returning the person selected by user input          for int x  1 x lt person.Count  1 x                      if int.Parsebuying  x                 return person[x  1]                  return null      codepre
Negative 42922 pHello I am trying to useport a gem written for mri 1.8 in ruby 1.9p  pThis is a sample of the code which I cant port. p  precodemodule ClassMethods   ...   private   ...   def prependinterceptorstochaincondition, interceptors     interceptors  interceptors  readinheritableattributeconditioninvocationinterceptors     writeinheritableattributeconditioninvocationinterceptors, interceptors   end   ... end codepre  pthe match in ruby 1.9 will be something likep  precodedef prependinterceptorstochaincondition, interceptors   interceptors  interceptors  self.conditioninvocationinterceptors   self.conditioninvocationinterceptors   interceptors end codepre  pis it possible to use a string as a name to access a class variable valuep
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to make a multiselect not wrap when selecting enough values to do so As an example, heres what it doesp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIC136.png altenter image description herep  pWhat I want is for it to all be contained in one line and be accessible horizontally only. Select2 provides arrow key navigation as well as delete key usage so that isnt a big deal. p  pI figure this can probably be done with CSS but Im struggling to figure out what needs to be done.p
Negative 42922 pHow often does sys.stderr flush its buffer, and is this standard among different environmentsp  precodegtgtgt import sys gtgtgt sys.stderr ltopen file ltstderrgt, mode w at 0x2b4fcb7ac270gt codepre  pI see that it is just a standard file type, but I dont know what value of a hrefhttpdocs.python.org2libraryfunctions.htmlopenembufferingema its supposed to be. codedircode does not seem to yield any useful information either.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to add order history and change orderstate with that by using prestashop apip  precodexml  thisgtapigtgetarrayurl gt url . apiorderhistoriesschemablank xmlgtorderhistorygtidorderstate  4 xmlgtorderhistorygtidorder  orderid unset xmlgtorderhistorygtid  unset xmlgtorderhistorygtdateadd  xml  thisgtapigtaddarray   resource gt orderhistories,   postXml gt xmlgtasXML  codepre  pIt works just fine orderstate is changed but presta doesnt sending any notification to buyer.p
Negative 42922 pi am trying to figure out how to use flurrygoogle analytics in an app i have created with MIT App inventor , does anybody have solution  Can i use activity starter for such task  Can i add a jar file into the build of MIT app Inventor p
Negative 42922 pI have a datagrid that has buttons in the first column which expand another datagrid under each row. I want the tooltip to show the number of rows that are inside the datagrid. Right now Im trying to just get the tooltip however to display some text through binding it with a property however nothing is showing. Heres my xaml for the button inside the datagridp  precodeltControlDataGridTemplateColumngt                 ltControlDataGridTemplateColumn.CellTemplategt                     ltDataTemplategt                         ltButton ClickShowHideDetailsClick ForegroundBlack                           ToolTipBinding ToolTipDetailsgtltButtongt                     ltDataTemplategt                 ltControlDataGridTemplateColumn.CellTemplategt ltControlDataGridTemplateColumngt codepre  pCp  precodepublic string ToolTipDetails          get  return toolTip          set                      if toolTip  value                              toolTip  value                 OnPropertyChangedToolTipDetails                         protected virtual void OnPropertyChangedstring propertyName          PropertyChangedEventHandler handler  PropertyChanged         if handler  null handlerthis, new PropertyChangedEventArgspropertyName  codepre  pand in my Load Window event, Im setting thisp  precodeToolTipDetails  ChildTrades 0 codepre
Negative 42922 pSo I am working on a switch statement but I am not quite sure if I am doing this right. This is my first tiny program using C visual studio 2010 and I am not sure that I am using the switch statement quite right. What I am trying to do is have a person input numbers. I have a counter set up to count the number of inputs as well as I have a running total to output at the sum of all numbers inputted. p  precodewhile additionalinput gt 0       cout ltlt Enter additional number, use 0 to exit      cin gtgt additionalinput      count  increment the counter     Do the addition     sum  additionalinput sum up all inputs   end of the while statement   switch sum this is where I get into trouble case 099 cout ltlt nn original question, can I do this     cout ltlt Thank you. The sum of your numbers is........  ltlt sum ltlt endl      cout ltlt The total number of inputs read..............  ltlt count ltlt endl     cout ltlt The sum of your numbers is less than 100 ltlt endl     return 0     break case 100 cout ltlt nn and so on codepre  pSo my question is whether or not this is possible. Can I use this for a case p
Negative 42922 pOk, first I was a bit confused when readingp  blockquote   pRemember  you must never rely on the sessionID sent to your server in   the cookie header  look only at the sessionID that your GWT app sends   explicitly in the payload of messages to your server.p blockquote  pat a hrefhttpscode.google.compgooglewebtoolkitincubatorwikiLoginSecurityFAQ relnofollowhttpscode.google.compgooglewebtoolkitincubatorwikiLoginSecurityFAQa because I didnt understand the nature of XSRF completely and thought why does it matter how the id gets transmittedp  pThen I read a hrefhttpwww.gwtproject.orgdoclatestDevGuideSecurityRpcXsrf.html relnofollowhttpwww.gwtproject.orgdoclatestDevGuideSecurityRpcXsrf.htmla and now I understand that XSRF works despite NOT knowing the cookie content your browser just attaches it to the request, so you exploit your browsers knowledge of the cookies content  although the browser does not tell YOU or the attacker about the content. The cookie content itself remains uncompromised by that attack. So any proof of knowing the cookies content validates that the request is not part of XSRF.p  pI dont like the solution as implemented by GWT a hrefhttpwww.gwtproject.orgdoclatestDevGuideSecurityRpcXsrf.html relnofollowhttpwww.gwtproject.orgdoclatestDevGuideSecurityRpcXsrf.htmla because it needs a separate call to the server. Please tell me if my ansatz is secure and if I understand the XSRF stuff correctlyp  blockquote   pemstrongTo prevent XSRF, I just copy the session ID contained within the cookie into some nonstandard HTTP header field, ie. XMYGWTSESSIONID sessionId, when doing RPC calls.emstrongp blockquote  pThat way, I do not need to make any additional calls during app startup because session validation is already done during delivery of the gwt app by destroying the cookie if the session is not valid any more see a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4332258howcandeleteinformationfromcookiesHow can delete information from cookiesa.p  pSo here is the complete security implementationp  ul liregistration client submits cleartext credentials via RPC call to the server, which in turn stores the password using a hash during registration in the servers database a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2860943suggestionsforlibrarytohashpasswordsinjava1103823011038230Suggestions for library to hash passwords in Javaali lilogin client sends cleartext pwd via httpsRPC, check password on server, if ok store and return via https random UUID. That UUID is the shared secret stored on server and client that is used to identify the authenticated user over possibly many browser sessions to avoid requiring the user to log in each time he visits the site.li liserver sets cookie expiry time to 0 if session is not valid any more so that the client clears the session id and the GWT app detects that it needs to reauthenticate.li lion server side only accept session UUIDs sent through a special HTTP header field to prevent XSRFli lihandle invalidated sessions on client side either no session cookie or RPC request produced auth failureli lito prevent reauthentication shortly after gwt app loading, the server side devlivery mechanism ie. index.jsp deletes the cookie some time before the timeout actually happens  delivering a page and asking for authentication a few seconds later is a bit dumb.li ul  pExample sources for the GWT part can be found there a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma63199111050755httpstackoverflow.coma63199111050755a. The solution bsaically uses GWT XSRF classes, but embeds the MD5hashed session ID directly into the web page instead of getting the token via a separate RPC call. The client actually never calls any cookierelated code and the server has only embedded a coderequest.getSession.getIdcode call into the jsp page.p  pAny comments, suggestions, critique Do I miss something importantp
Negative 42922 pWhile c3p0 removes a connection after the maxIdleTime, it adds it to an internal weakHashMap named formerResources in BasicResourcePool. This map is getting piled up on the heap with JDBC4Connection objects and gets cleared only on GC. Is it possible to opt out for such collection or is there any clear advantage of such collectionp
Negative 42922 pI am using Sidekiq and Redis To Go on a production site hosted on Heroku. I am spinning up multiple Sidekiq workers to do a job for me. Out of 600 workers, I got down to about 180 workers left before my workers got stuck. They attempt to do a job, and I get one of two errors backp  precodeWARN retrygttrue, queuegtdefault, classgtF9LoadRecordWorker, argsgt[25126], jidgt0426e1db817e27986da6b636, enqueuedatgt1395332988.09929, errormessagegtConnection reset by peer  SSLconnect, errorclassgtErrnoECONNRESET, failedatgt1395337905.5061884, retrycountgt0 codepre  porp  precodeWARN retrygttrue, queuegtdefault, classgtF9LoadRecordWorker, argsgt[25131], jidgt79601ea488efc10f1fbcc433, enqueuedatgt1395332988.1172419, errormessagegtConnection refused  connect2, errorclassgtErrnoECONNREFUSED, failedatgt1395338127.4794347, retrycountgt1, retriedatgt1395338202.905867 codepre  pSo the actual errors are either Connection reset by peer  SSLconnent or Connection refused  connect2.p  pWhat is causing this Why would 400 workers succeed and then the last 200 get stuck in this loop of retrying and getting continuous errorsp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to do something extremely simple but cant find a solution in a hrefhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgassociationbasics.html relnofollowRailsGuidesa.p  pI have two tables, codewordscode and codeflavorscode. Theres a dictionarys worth of words, and only about 10 flavors. I want each word to have a flavor.p  pIve tried many combinations of codeflavoridcode and codewordidcode in the migrations, and codehasonecode and codebelongstocode in the models, but always run into problems. Giving the codehasonecode to the codewordcode isnt right because then each flavor could only be associated to one codewordcode. Flipping the codehasonecode doesnt help because it prevents me from doing things like codeword.flavor  Flavor.someflavorcode. p  pIs there a method for handling such scenarios p  pstrongUpdatestrong I had to drop both tables and recreate them, and David Underwoods solution worked.p
Negative 42922 phey i just want a query which will be printing only the result of count query . put in the else partp  precode          ltphp               con  mysqlconnectlocalhost, root,  or diemysqlerror             db  mysqlselectdbquiz, con or diemysqlerror             qcount from question where ansuanswer             rqmysqlqueryq,con             ifrq                          echo  the sql query faiiled to work                           else                                         gt codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to click a button in a minimised application, I use this codep  precodePrivate Const WMLBUTTONDOWN  ampH201 Private Const WMLBUTTONUP  ampH202 Dim ParenthWnd As New IntPtr0 Dim hWnd As New IntPtr0 ParenthWnd  FindWindowNothing, Title of application  If ParenthWnd.EqualsIntPtr.Zero Then     Debug.WriteLineTitle of application is not running Else     hWnd  FindWindowExParenthWnd, hWnd, Button, Login     If hWnd.EqualsIntPtr.Zero Then         Debug.WriteLineTitle of application doesnt have a Login button, how strange     Else         Debug.WriteLineTitle of application Window  amp ParenthWnd.ToString         Debug.WriteLineButton Control  amp hWnd.ToString         SendMessagehWnd, WMLBUTTONDOWN, 1, 0         SendMessagehWnd, WMLBUTTONUP, 0, 0      End If End If codepre  pI get a real result in the debug windowp  precodetitle of window Window 2492018 Button Control 1836764 codepre  pBut it still only marks the button and doesnt click it, anyone know what I should changep
Negative 42922 pI load my google map with some markers and then when user click the date buttom I load it again and it works properly and my code is  as followp  precode  function maptest   mapcanvas.gmapclear, markers  demo.addfunction         mapcanvas.gmapdestroy      mapcanvas.gmap zoom 3, disableDefaultUI true .bindinit, function evt, map            var bounds  map.getBounds          var mark1  hello          var mark2  bye          var temp  mark1          var southWest  bounds.getSouthWest          var northEast  bounds.getNorthEast          var lngSpan  northEast.lng  southWest.lng          var latSpan  northEast.lat  southWest.lat          for var i  0 i lt 1000 i               if i  2  0                   temp  mark2                            else                   temp  mark1                            var contentString  test              this.gmapaddMarker,         idmarkers, position new google.maps.LatLng            southWest.lat  latSpan  Math.random,            southWest.lng  lngSpan  Math.random,             content contentString                .clickfunction i            mapcanvas.gmapopenInfoWindow,                content this.content           , this                           this.gmapset, MarkerClusterer, new MarkerClusterermap, this.gmapget, markers        .load codepre  pp  pNow my problem is that after each time that I click date  button which invokes maptest function the markers that was made before does not disappear and the number of markers gets doubles but I want just the markers for the new call to maptest function. Can anyone guide me what is wrong with my code that I get duplicationp  pstrongLast Update of my code according to suggestionsstrongp  precodevar markers  [] var j  0  function   tt.clickfunction       clearMarkers1     maptest  mapcanvas.gmap zoom 3, disableDefaultUI true .bindinit, function evt, map      var bounds  map.getBounds     var southWest  bounds.getSouthWest     var northEast  bounds.getNorthEast     var lngSpan  northEast.lng  southWest.lng     var latSpan  northEast.lat  southWest.lat     for var i  0 i lt 3 i          var marker  this.gmapaddMarker,                                              id i, position new google.maps.LatLng                         southWest.lat  latSpan  Math.random,                         southWest.lng  lngSpan  Math.random,                         content m  i                     .clickfunction i                          mapcanvas.gmapopenInfoWindow,                              content this.content                         , this                              markers.pushmarker  add to the marker array          j  j  3     this.gmapset, MarkerClusterer, new MarkerClusterermap, this.gmapget, markers      function clearMarkers1      for var i  0 i lt j i        alertclear  i        iftypeof mapcanvas.gmapget, markers[i]undefined                       mapcanvas.gmapget, markers[i].setMapnull                   function maptest     mapcanvas.gmapdestroy   mapcanvas.gmap zoom 3, disableDefaultUI true .bindinit, function evt, map        var bounds  map.getBounds     var southWest  bounds.getSouthWest     var northEast  bounds.getNorthEast     var lngSpan  northEast.lng  southWest.lng     var latSpan  northEast.lat  southWest.lat     for var i  j i lt j  3 i          var contentString  bgg         var marker  this.gmapaddMarker,                                              id i, position new google.maps.LatLng                         southWest.lat  latSpan  Math.random,                         southWest.lng  lngSpan  Math.random,                         content m  i                     .clickfunction i                          mapcanvas.gmapopenInfoWindow,                              content this.content                         , this                              markers.pushmarker  add to the marker array          j  j  3     this.gmapset, MarkerClusterer, new MarkerClusterermap, this.gmapget, markers   codepre  pMy problem is solve the only error that I get is thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtGZCG.png altenter image description herep  precode    this.gmapset, MarkerClusterer, new MarkerClusterermap, this.gmapget,   markers codepre
Negative 42922 pWere changing a font on our site from codeFontAcode to codeFontBcode. Seems simple enough. The problem is is that codeFontAcode is hardcoded everywhere, and even in places that we cant easily access content that were pulling in from external databases has this font hardcoded, etc.. What Id like to do is something like thisp  precodefontface      fontfamily FontB, FontA     src urlfontB.eot     src urlfontB.eotiefix formatembeddedopentype,          urlfontB.woff formatwoff,          urlfontB.ttf formattruetype,          urlfontB.svgfontB formatsvg     fontweight normal     fontstyle normal     codepre  pSo both codeFontAcode and codeFontBcode use the same font. That way, all the legacy hardcoded content that uses codeFontAcode will start using codeFontBcode instead, and all future content will just use codeFontBcode. Is declaring multiple codefontfamilycode legal and valid Will it work crossbrowser for browsers that use codefontfacecode If this wont work, I can just declare two codefontfacecode, so its not a huge deal. Im just wondering if its possible.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to retrieve the value of the field from the Vimeo Api, Ive tried all possible solutions mentioned here. Can someone tell me how to retrieve the thumnail and url from the thumbnails and urls object respectivelyp  precodearray1      [0]gt                stdClass Object              [allowadds] gt 1             [embedprivacy] gt anywhere             [id] gt 123456789             [ishd] gt 0             [istranscoding] gt 0             [license] gt 0             [privacy] gt anybody             [title] gt Soap Opera             [description] gt              [uploaddate] gt 20140220 030350             [modifieddate] gt 20140220 190605             [numberofplays] gt 1             [numberoflikes] gt 0             [numberofcomments] gt 0             [width] gt 600             [height] gt 480             [duration] gt 32             [owner] gt stdClass Object                  [displayname] gt blah                 [id] gt 12345678                 [isplus] gt 0                 [ispro] gt 1                 [isstaff] gt 0                 [profileurl] gt httpvimeo.comst                 [realname] gt ST                 [username] gt ST                 [videosurl] gt httpvimeo.comstvideos                 [portraits] gt stdClass Object                      [portrait] gt Array                          [0] gt stdClass Object                              [height] gt 30                             [width] gt 30                             [content] gt httpb.vimeocdn.comx.jpg                                                   [1] gt stdClass Object                              [height] gt 75                             [width] gt 75                             [content] gt httpb.vimeocdn.comx.jpg                                                   [2] gt stdClass Object                              [height] gt 100                             [width] gt 100                             [content] gt httpb.vimeocdn.comx.jpg                                                   [3] gt stdClass Object                              [height] gt 300                             [width] gt 300                             [content] gt httpb.vimeocdn.comx.jpg                                                                                             [urls] gt stdClass Object                  [url] gt Array                      [0] gt stdClass Object                          [type] gt video                         [content] gt httpvimeo.com0000                                                             [thumbnails] gt stdClass Object              [thumbnail] gt Array                  [0] gt stdClass Object                      [height] gt 75                     [width] gt 100                     [content] gt httpb.vimeocdn.comx.jpg                                             codepre  pI have an array strongvidsstrong which has the meta info of various vids along with another call inside the loop which fetches the second array strongvidInfostrong containing the array displayed above for each entry. I can retrieve the title etc just like I would access an object normally. but I cant traverse any further the response above. p  precodeltphp       vids  videosgtvideosgtvideo              foreach vids as vid              id  vidgtid              vidInfo  vimeogtcallvimeo.videos.getInfo, arrayvideoid gt id              vidUrl  vidInfogtvideo                echo  vidgttitle              echo ltbr gt              printrvidUrlgturlsgturl[0]gtcontent              echo ltpregt . printrvidUrl .  ltpregt                gt codepre  pThanks a lotp
Negative 42922 pIn Rp  pI am not sure what the proper title for this question is, so maybe someone can help me out. It would be greatly appreciated. Im sorry if this is called something easily searchable.p  pSo I have a ragged array matrix multiple UPCSp  precode       [upc]    [quantity1]   [quantity2]    [sum1]       [sum2] [1]  123         11               3              NA         NA    [2]  123          2               1              NA        ... [3]  789          5               3              NA  [4]  456         10               6              NA  [5]  789          6               2              NA         NA codepre  pI want the matrix to be summed by UPC, for examplep  precode       [upc]    [quantity1]   [quantity2]    [sum1]       [sum2] [1]  123         11               3              13         4    [2]  123          2               1              13         4 [3]  789          5               3              11         5 [4]  456         10               6              10         6 [5]  789          6               2              11         5 codepre  pThank you for your time and help.p  pThe trick is it need to be done in the most efficient way possible, since it will be done many times.p
Negative 42922 pI have a table where I can filter if a certain person is an illustrator or writer. p  precodelttablegt   lttr classwritergt     lttdgtJohn Doelttdgt     lttdgtJan 01, 1980lttdgt     lttdgtjondoedomain.comlttdgt   lttrgt   lttr classwriter illustratorgt     lttdgtJane Doelttdgt     lttdgtSept 01, 1980lttdgt     lttdgtjanedoedomain.comlttdgt   lttrgt   lttr classillustratorgt     lttdgtMel Smithlttdgt     lttdgtAug 01, 1980lttdgt     lttdgtmeeeeeldomain.comlttdgt   lttrgt   lttr classwritergt     lttdgtHarry Smithlttdgt     lttdgtDec 01, 1980lttdgt     lttdgthsmithdomain.comlttdgt   lttrgt lttablegt ltbutton idwritergtwriterltbuttongt ltbutton idillustratorgtillustratorltbuttongt ltbutton idresetgtresetltbuttongt codepre  pand this is the jqueryp  precodejQueryfunction   illustrator.clickfunction       table tr.writer.hide     table tr.illustrator.show  writer.clickfunction       table tr.writer.show     table tr.illustrator.hide  reset.clickfunction       table tr.show   codepre  pMy problem right now is if the table row has the same class, this certain row doesnt appear. Like for this example Jane Doe doesnt appear when I click writer. How do I do this Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI am doing a research in stereo vision and I am interested in accuracy of depth estimation in this question. It depends of several factors likep  ul liProper stereo calibration rotation, translation and distortion extraction,li liimage resolution,li licamera and lens quality the less distortion, proper color capturing,li limatching features between two images.li ul  pLets say we have a no lowcost cameras and lenses no cheap webcams etc. p  pMy question is, what is the accuracy of depth estimation we can achieve in this field  Anyone knows a real stereo vision system that works with some accuracy  Can we achieve 1 mm depth estimation accuracyp  pMy question also aims in systems implemented in opencv. What accuracy did you manage to achievep
Negative 42922 pWe have an application in which we need to return many results, and each result can be associated with many different properties and these properties can be complex.p  pTo explain the problem, let me describe one possible design for meeting the requirement.p  pA. Create a table which contains columns which are foreign keys to the complex properties.p  precodeCREATE TABLE Results    Id int NOT NULL,   UserId int NULL,   DataForTable1Id int NULL,   DataForTable2Id int NULL,   DataForTable3Id int NULL,   DataForTable4Id int NULL,   DataForTable5Id int NULL,   DataForTable6Id int NULL,   DataForTable7Id int NULL,   DataForTable8Id int NULL,   DataForTable9Id int NULL  codepre  pB. Additionally, each complex property may also be associated with other complex properties.  For example, DataForTable1 might look likep  precodeCREATE TABLE DataForTable1      Id int NOT NULL,     UserId1 int NULL,     UserId2 int NULL,   codepre  pC. Create a separate query for each of the complex properties, e.g.p  precodeSELECT   FROM      Table1 t      JOIN Results r on t.Id  r.DataForTable1Id     LEFT JOIN Users u1 on r.UserId1  u1.Id     LEFT JOIN Users u2 on r.UserId2  u2.Id codepre  pThis will solve the problem, but requires executing a separate query for each complex property.  When there are lots of results, this will not perform ideally, especially as more and more complex properties are added.  p  pAdditionally, the tables DataForTable1, DataForTable2, etc. are tables which need to exist in the system outside of this requirement.  For example, these tables may represent Users or other objects which are apart of the application.p  pI am wondering if others are solving similar problems, and if so, how they are doing it.  It may be anything from heres how I would design my tables to stop using relational databases.  heres what you should be using....p  pAny suggestions will be appreciated.p  pThanks, Eric p
Negative 42922 pjust a question please  does phantomJS support firefox and Internet explorer  I mean, is it able to stronglaunchstrong these web browser in order to make some automation tasks p
Negative 42922 pMy problem isp  pi cant draw an Alpha Blend object into render target with its blend rightly,p  pi have a few experience on dx9 but not in dx11 so dont know what i miss in dx11.p  pplease follow images...p  pAny flag must be set in dx 11 when create render target  or add any code for blend or.. i dont know what i miss.p  pthanks.p
Negative 42922 pSchleife.hp  precodeifndef CPlusPlusTestSchleife define CPlusPlusTestSchleife  include ltiostreamgt class Schleife endif  definedCPlusPlusTestSchleife  codepre  pSchleife.cppp  precodeinclude Schleife.h  class Schleife  public     int additionint,int  private     int ergebnis    int Schleifeadditionint a,int b      ergebnis  a b     return ergebnis  codepre  pViewController.hp  precodeimport ltUIKitUIKit.hgt  import Schleife.h  interface ViewController  UIViewController  end codepre  pViewController.mmp  precodeimport ViewController.h    interface ViewController   end  implementation ViewController   voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      Schleife schleife  new Schleife      Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib.    voiddidReceiveMemoryWarning      [super didReceiveMemoryWarning]      Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.   end codepre  pWhats Wrong p  pI got the Error Message ViewController.mm2231 Allocation of incomplete type Schleifep  pI dont understand what I did wrong. I want just implement C Code in my App. So I started with a easy example but it doesnt work... Can you help me I know its maybe a easy Questions but I cant find the mistake...p
Negative 42922 pI have a class named codebookcode in C. In an ASPX page which has access to codebookcode class, I have an codeiframecode element. I want to use Javascript from the page in the codeiframecode, to call codebook.writecode, but Im not sure if I can call a C method from a page inside an codeiframecode using Javascript.p  pHow I can do thatp
Negative 42922 pI have the following code, but currently experiencing format has no method. It is completely working off another site because i used the exact same code for reference. Now i am unsure why it didnt work for my site when i copied it over.. Can anyone help me outp  precode var TodayDate  new Date     TodayDate.setDateTodayDate.getDate      var PastDate  new Date     PastDate.setDatePastDate.getDate  30      StoreHeavyTraffic  0     StoreRoadWork  0     StoreVehicleBreakdown  0     StoreAccident  0     StoreObstacle  0      var PD  Date.parsePastDate.formatd MMM yyyy     var TD  Date.parseTodayDate.formatd MMM yyyy codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to write jQuery that will loop over every div with the class name code.contenttxtcode and check its height is over 60px. If true, then set that element to codeheightautocode if false then set this element height to code60pxcode. p  pThe problem is that there are more divs with that class on page. How do I style only the specific div based on the conditionp  pIs it possible to add a rule to this element attribute style with jQuery without rewriting existing rules For example, in my HTML document there is this structure of this elementp  precodeltdiv classcontenttxt stylebackgroundcolorf00gt..contentltdivgt codepre  pkeep backgroundcolor and add codeheightcode with parameter.p  pMy jQueryp  precode.contenttxt.eachfunction      ifthis.height gt 60        this.cssheight,auto      else        this.cssheight,60px                codepre
Negative 42922 pI have two point as below  blockquote   pbr       Parent layout   br       Point A        br                    br                    br                  br     Child Layout    br     Point B        br                  br                    brp blockquote  phow i can draw line from point A to point Bp  pThanks all supportp
Negative 42922 pI have a NetBeans project linked to a remote Mercurial repo that Im trying to update to the most recent commit, however, when I open the update window it does not show the most recent commits.  The most recent one available is a tip thats a few months old but the logs on BitBucket say that its been updated as recently as a few days ago.  I am on the same branch as that commit, so why would it not show up in the list p
Negative 42922 pI have 4 links. 3 of them should be visible but whenever one of the 3 have been clicked the 4th should appear. if any of the first 3 gets pressed nothing should change but if the 4th one the one who appeared on first click is clicked it should disappear and there again should be only 3. Any ideas on how to do it Probably its going to be done using JQueryp
Negative 42922 pi want to make below view , what  is the good way to make the below view.where highlighted area of the Ring shows the progress of some tasks. any helpp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOkotA.png altcustom view show progressp
Negative 42922 pI have a slider and a text input. Theres a default value for the text input, i want to make the number displayed in the text input change when i slide the slider to a different percentage. I am wondering which tag i should use that i could set a default value to it and it wont be affected by the changing result. I have it in jsfiddlep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.net8DzCE269 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net8DzCE269ap  precode       lttable idfoodaverage stylegt             lttrgt                 lttd aligncentergtAverage amountlttdgt                 lttdgtlttdgt                 lttdgtltdiv idfoodcarb styledisplay inlinegtcarbon footprint ltp idunit stylefontsize 10px display inlinegttons COltsubgt2ltsubgtltpgtltdivgtlttdgt             lttrgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtltdiv idsimpleslider classslidegtltdivgtlttdgt                 lttdgtltdiv idsimplevalue classanswergtltdivgtlttdgt                 lttdgtltinput typetext value528 classresult idfoodanswer gtlttdgt             lttrgt                 lttrgt                     lttdgtltdiv idqslider classslidegtltdivgtlttdgt                     lttdgtltdiv idasimplevalue classanswergtltdivgtlttdgt                 lttdgtltinput typetext value423 classresult idfoodanswer1 gtlttdgt                 lttrgt               lttablegt codepre  pjqueryp  precode.slide.eachfunctioni,item item.slider     value50,     min 0,     max 100,     slide functionevent, ui         var nextTD  this.closesttd.next             nextTD.htmlui.value  amp37          var percentparseFloatui.value         var answernextTD.closestinput.next          var intparseFloatanswer.val         answer.htmlint  percent  100         codepre  pp
Negative 42922 pI am new to android , I am trying to make a small calculator as a proof of concept. The problem I am facing is I always get empty space in the bottom no matter what I am trying to do... Setting my button to fillparent , changing layout weights. I am stuck, I would like to get some help to figure it out. Maybe there is something that I am missing p  pthis is my layout p  precode    ltLinearLayout         androidorientationvertical         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt     ltFrameLayout             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutweight1             androidbackground635c59gt         ltTextView             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidbackground635c59             androidlayoutmargin0dip             androidpadding0dip             androidtextSize31dip             androidtext34568388388             androidtextColorFFFgt     ltFrameLayoutgt     ltLinearLayout             androidorientationvertical             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutweight3gt         ltLinearLayout             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidorientationhorizontal             androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonmc                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextMC                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonmr                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextMR                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonms                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextMS                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonmplus                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextM                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonmminus                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground8000ff                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextM                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt         ltLinearLayoutgt         ltLinearLayout                 androidlayoutwidthfillparent                 androidorientationhorizontal                 androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttondel                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextlt                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonce                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextCE                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonc                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextC                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonnegate                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground0099ce                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtext                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt             ltButton                     androidididbuttonsqrt                     androidlayoutwidthfillparent                     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent                     androidbackground8000ff                     androidlayoutmargin0dip                     androidpadding0dip                     androidtextSqrt                     androidlayoutweight1                     androidtextSize28dipgt         ltLinearLayoutgt     ltLinearLayoutgt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pIn the code above I took out some part, because it is repetitive what changes is button ids and the color.p  pas you can see , there is an empty space which I want my buttons to fill the hall linear layout. Thank you for your helpp
Negative 42922 pI wanted to know if there is any definitive way to know if the call is put on hold by the receiver on the receiver side only. p  pNow I checked the a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidtelephonyTelephonyManager.htmlTelephonya documentation, and this shows that there are three states for a call p  ol licodeCALLSTATEIDLEcode When no call activity is thereli licodeCALLSTATERINGINGcode When a new call is ringing and waiting to be taken up.li licodeCALLSTATEOFFHOOKcode At least one call exists that is dialing, active, or on hold, and no calls are ringing or waiting.li ol  pHere lies the problem, codeOFFHOOKcode takes the active and hold state as one. There seems to be no way to distinguish between them. But an interesting observation I made was that dialler recieves a notification when the call is retrieved from hold, that means there exists some way to know the difference. Hence, I would be obliged if you assist me in finding that way.p
Negative 42922 pI try to use a subclass in a method with typesafe parameter. Dont know if Im missing something or if the solution is to just dont make the paramter typesafe. What is the cleanest design option for this situationp  pLook at following codep  precodeltphp  class MyObject      public name      class MySubObject extends MyObject      public subProperty       abstract class Renderer      protected someProperty      public abstract function renderMyObject obj   class RendererA extends Renderer      public function renderMyObject obj          return thisgtsomeProperty .   . objgtname         This is the problematic case  class RendererB extends Renderer        public function renderMySubObject obj          return thisgtsomeProperty .   . objgtname .   .objgtsubProperty         EOF  codepre
Negative 42922 pHere is the page which generates the product displayp  precodeltphp q  intvalGET[q]  databaseConnect  SERVER[DOCUMENTROOT] . 637415globalScriptssqlconnect.php includedatabaseConnect  mysqliselectdbcon,up637415cms sqlSELECT  FROM products WHERE prodid  .q.   result  mysqliquerycon,sql  whilerow  mysqlifetcharrayresult      echo   ltdiv classprodWrappergt  . lth2gt . ltspan idcurrentProdIdgt . row[prodid] . ltspangt .    .    row[prodtitle] . lth2gt . ltformgtltinput typetext placeholderEnter New Title idnewProdTitlegtltinput typebutton valueCommit onclickproductTitleUpdategtltformgt    . ltdiv classprodimggt .          ltimg src637415cmsimagesproducts . row[prodimg] .      .   . alt              . row[prodtitle] .   . image . gt          . ltform classclearitgtltinput typefile valueSelect Image gtltinput typesubmit valueUpload amp change image gtltformgt    . ltdivgt   . lth3gt . Product Description .  lth3gt .row[proddescription] .  ltform classclearitgtlttextarea classclearit rows4 cols50  placeholderUpdate product descriptiongtlttextareagtltinput typesubmit valueCommit gtltformgt    . ltpgt . Quantity Available . row[prodquantity] . ltpgt . ltformgtltinput typetext placeholderEnter Quantity gtltinput typesubmit valueCommit gtltformgt     .   ltdivgt        mysqliclosecon gt  codepre  pHere is the Javascript file which Im trying to use to post values from the span idcurrentProdId and the input id of newProdTitle to a MySQL database using PHPp  precodefunction  productTitleUpdate  if window.XMLHttpRequest  code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari xmlhttpnew XMLHttpRequest  else    code for IE6, IE5   xmlhttpnew ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP    xmlhttp.onreadystatechangefunction    if xmlhttp.readyState4 ampamp xmlhttp.status200    document.getElementByIdnewProdTitle.innerHTMLxmlhttp.responseText    xmlhttp.openPOST,637415adminscriptsupdateProductTitle.php,true xmlhttp.sendnewProdTitledocument.getElementByIdnewProdTitle.value xmlhttp.sendnewProdTitledocument.getElementByIdcurrentProdId.value  codepre  pHere is the PHP file the ajax usesp  precodeltphp databaseConnect  SERVER[DOCUMENTROOT] . 637415globalScriptssqlconnect.php     includedatabaseConnect if con      dieCould not connect  . mysqlerror    mysqliselectdbcon,up637415cms sqlUPDATE products SET prodtitlenewProdTitle from javascript file WHERE prodidcurrentProdId from javascript file  if mysqlquerysql,con      dieError  . mysqlerror    echo 1 record added .   . lta href637415adminindex.phpgtGo back to adminltagt  mysqlclosecon gt  codepre  pI am not sure how to get the value from the javascript filep  pSET prodtitlenewProdTitle from javascript file WHERE prodidcurrentProdId from javascript filep  pthen replace the values stored in the database. It should also refresh to the new value without refreshing the page. I have been scanning over the internet on how to do this but feeling a bit lost.p  pAny help will be appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 42922 pI am working on my first android project. I am using the thinkgear api. I have two activities. I have an intent in the first activity calling to start the second activity. In my second activity, I have a button to play a sound and a button to pause the sound. But when I try to play the sound in the second activity, my application ends. Please point out the mistakes. I am attaching both the java files and the logcat file.p  pmindwave1.javap  precodepackage com.example.mindwave1  import android.annotation.SuppressLint import android.app.Activity import android.bluetooth.BluetoothAdapter import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.os.Handler import android.os.Message import android.util.Log import android.util.Log import android.view.View import android.widget.Button import android.widget.TextView import android.widget.Toast  import com.neurosky.thinkgear.  public class MainActivity extends Activity  BluetoothAdapter bluetoothAdapter  TextView tv Button b  TGDevice tgDevice final boolean rawEnabled  true   Called when the activity is first created.  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     tv  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.textView1     tv.setText     tv.appendAndroid version   Integer.valueOfandroid.os.Build.VERSION.SDKINT       n      bluetoothAdapter  BluetoothAdapter.getDefaultAdapter     ifbluetoothAdapter  null           Alert user that Bluetooth is not available         Toast.makeTextthis, Bluetooth not available, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show         finish         return     else           create the TGDevice          tgDevice  new TGDevicebluetoothAdapter, handler          Override public void onDestroy      tgDevice.close     super.onDestroy     Handles messages from TGDevice   SuppressLintHandlerLeak private final Handler handler  new Handler      Override     public void handleMessageMessage msg          switch msg.what          case TGDevice.MSGSTATECHANGE              switch msg.arg1                  case TGDevice.STATEIDLE                     break                 case TGDevice.STATECONNECTING                                              tv.appendConnecting...n                     break                                           case TGDevice.STATECONNECTED                     tv.appendConnected.n                     tgDevice.start                     break                 case TGDevice.STATENOTFOUND                     tv.appendCant findn                     break                 case TGDevice.STATENOTPAIRED                     tv.appendnot pairedn                     break                 case TGDevice.STATEDISCONNECTED                     tv.appendDisconnected mangn                           break         case TGDevice.MSGPOORSIGNAL                 signal  msg.arg1                 tv.appendPoorSignal   msg.arg1  n             break         case TGDevice.MSGRAWDATA                    raw1  msg.arg1                 tv.appendGot raw   msg.arg1  n             break         case TGDevice.MSGHEARTRATE             tv.appendHeart rate   msg.arg1  n             break         case TGDevice.MSGATTENTION                 att  msg.arg1                 tv.setText                 tv.appendTest number 1 for attention and meditationn                 tv.appendAttention   msg.arg1  n                 Log.vHelloA, Attention   msg.arg1  n             break         case TGDevice.MSGMEDITATION                 tv.appendMeditation   msg.arg1 n             break         case TGDevice.MSGBLINK                 tv.appendBlink   msg.arg1  n             break         case TGDevice.MSGRAWCOUNT                 tv.appendRaw Count   msg.arg1  n             break         case TGDevice.MSGLOWBATTERY             Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, Low battery, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show             break         case TGDevice.MSGRAWMULTI             TGRawMulti rawM  TGRawMultimsg.obj             tv.appendRaw1   rawM.ch1  nRaw2   rawM.ch2         default             break             public void nxtView view      Intent intent  new Intentthis, SecondPageActivity.class     startActivityintent   public void doStuffView view      iftgDevice.getState  TGDevice.STATECONNECTING ampamp tgDevice.getState  TGDevice.STATECONNECTED         tgDevice.connectrawEnabled        tgDevice.ena   codepre  pSecondPageActivity.javap  precodepackage com.example.mindwave1  import android.os.Bundle import android.media.MediaPlayer import android.app.Activity import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.support.v4.app.NavUtils  public class SecondPageActivity extends Activity   MediaPlayer mp  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitysecondpage      Show the Up button in the action bar.     setupActionBar     public void play      mp  MediaPlayer.createSecondPageActivity.this, R.raw.music     mp.start      Set up the link android.app.ActionBar.   private void setupActionBar       getActionBar.setDisplayHomeAsUpEnabledtrue    Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu       Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.secondpage, menu     return true   Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item      switch item.getItemId      case android.R.id.home          This ID represents the Home or Up button. In the case of this          activity, the Up button is shown. Use NavUtils to allow users          to navigate up one level in the application structure. For          more details, see the Navigation pattern on Android Design                            NavUtils.navigateUpFromSameTaskthis         return true          return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem    codepre  plogcat filep  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecode0416 162950.676 Ddalvikvm13458 GCFORALLOC freed 65K, 2 free 7676K7784K, paused 22ms, total 22ms 0416 162950.676 Idalvikvmheap13458 Grow heap frag case to 8.899MB for 1436984byte allocation 0416 162950.716 Ddalvikvm13458 GCFORALLOC freed 1K, 2 free 9078K9188K, paused 37ms, total 37ms 0416 162950.746 VTGDevice13458 EKG path storageemulated0Androiddatacom.neurosky.thinkgearfilesEKGparameters 0416 162950.746 DTGDevice13458 Initialized. Version 9 0416 162950.806 DlibEGL13458 loaded systemlibegllibEGLtegra.so 0416 162950.826 DlibEGL13458 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv1CMtegra.so 0416 162950.846 DlibEGL13458 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv2tegra.so 0416 162950.866 DOpenGLRenderer13458 Enabling debug mode 0 0416 162957.736 Vmindwave113458 appln2 start 0416 163006.076 DAndroidRuntime13458 Shutting down VM 0416 163006.076 Wdalvikvm13458 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41834ba8 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458 Process com.example.mindwave1, PID 13458 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458 java.lang.IllegalStateException Could not find a method playView in the activity class com.example.mindwave1.SecondPageActivity for onClick handler on view class android.widget.Button with id button1 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.view.View1.onClickView.java3810 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.view.View.performClickView.java4438 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java18422 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java733 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java95 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java136 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5017 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java779 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java595 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458 Caused by java.lang.NoSuchMethodException play [class android.view.View] 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at java.lang.Class.getConstructorOrMethodClass.java472 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at java.lang.Class.getMethodClass.java857 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    at android.view.View1.onClickView.java3803 0416 163006.076 EAndroidRuntime13458    ... 11 more 0416 163506.416 Ddalvikvm13736 GCFORALLOC freed 69K, 2 free 7676K7788K, paused 24ms, total 24ms 0416 163506.416 Idalvikvmheap13736 Grow heap frag case to 8.900MB for 1436984byte allocation 0416 163506.446 Ddalvikvm13736 GCFORALLOC freed 1K, 2 free 9078K9192K, paused 25ms, total 25ms 0416 163506.466 VTGDevice13736 EKG path storageemulated0Androiddatacom.neurosky.thinkgearfilesEKGparameters 0416 163506.466 DTGDevice13736 Initialized. Version 9 0416 163506.516 DlibEGL13736 loaded systemlibegllibEGLtegra.so 0416 163506.536 DlibEGL13736 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv1CMtegra.so 0416 163506.546 DlibEGL13736 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv2tegra.so 0416 163506.566 DOpenGLRenderer13736 Enabling debug mode 0 0416 163946.226 Ddalvikvm13927 GCFORALLOC freed 73K, 2 free 7676K7788K, paused 20ms, total 21ms 0416 163946.236 Idalvikvmheap13927 Grow heap frag case to 8.899MB for 1436984byte allocation 0416 163946.256 Ddalvikvm13927 GCFORALLOC freed 1K, 2 free 9078K9192K, paused 22ms, total 22ms 0416 163946.296 VTGDevice13927 EKG path storageemulated0Androiddatacom.neurosky.thinkgearfilesEKGparameters 0416 163946.296 DTGDevice13927 Initialized. Version 9 0416 163946.366 DlibEGL13927 loaded systemlibegllibEGLtegra.so 0416 163946.376 DlibEGL13927 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv1CMtegra.so 0416 163946.396 DlibEGL13927 loaded systemlibegllibGLESv2tegra.so 0416 163946.416 DOpenGLRenderer13927 Enabling debug mode 0 0416 163950.416 Vmindwave113927 appln2 start 0416 163951.666 DAndroidRuntime13927 Shutting down VM 0416 163951.666 Wdalvikvm13927 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41834ba8 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927 Process com.example.mindwave1, PID 13927 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927 java.lang.IllegalStateException Could not find a method playView in the activity class com.example.mindwave1.SecondPageActivity for onClick handler on view class android.widget.Button with id button1 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.view.View1.onClickView.java3810 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.view.View.performClickView.java4438 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java18422 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java733 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java95 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java136 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5017 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java515 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java779 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java595 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927 Caused by java.lang.NoSuchMethodException play [class android.view.View] 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at java.lang.Class.getConstructorOrMethodClass.java472 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at java.lang.Class.getMethodClass.java857 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    at android.view.View1.onClickView.java3803 0416 163951.676 EAndroidRuntime13927    ... 11 more codepre
Negative 42922 pMy rails app is now going to the facebook page and allowing a user to sign in but its redirecting them back to the sign in page on my rails app. p  pWhen I check the server logs, theres a few errorsp  hr  pI, [20140417T144735.459639 95904]  INFO  omniauth facebook Callback phase initiated. E, [20140417T144735.946870 95904] ERROR  omniauth facebook Authentication failure invalidcredentials OAuth2Error,  errormessageThis IP cant make requests for that application.,typeOAuthException,code5 Processing by UsersOmniauthCallbacksControllerfailure as HTMLp  pIm confused why its not capturing the user and creating them and signing them in like my twitter app is. I can post my code if neccessaryp
Negative 42922 pI need to perform a set of operations on a queue.Queue, specifically to go through it and pack duplicate contiguous elements. I also want to be sure theres only one thread accessing the queue during this set of operations. I see that the Queue object has a mutex, but I also assume its for the queue to perform locking during its own operations. Having another mutex does not guarantee that the queue is not accessed by another thread in the meantime, unless I organize my code to lock the second mutex. p  pIs there a trick I am not aware of in order to perform these operations safelyp
Negative 42922 pI am using colorbox iframe.p  pImages are opening inside codeiframecode. Images are of different resolutions.p  pI have set the codescrolling falsecode not to scroll if the image height and width increases.p  pBut I can not see a full image, if it has the  size 3000X2000px .p  pI need to coderesizecode the image upto some height and width .p  pHow can it be possible p  pAny help appreciatedp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIm new to JAVA. I have a requirement to load multiple files in a specific folder into an excel xlsx not xls file because the input files have more than 65k records file different sheets. Below is the code that I wrote. The xlsx file is getting corrupted, it is not opening. Can you please helpp  precode      public class twotxttoxlsx              public static void mainString[]args              try                 File folder  new FileCtxttoxls             File[] listOfFiles  folder.listFiles                   XSSFWorkbook workbooknew XSSFWorkbook              for File file  listOfFiles       if file.isFile          String thisline        ArrayListltStringgt al  null        ArrayListltArrayListltStringgtgt arlist  new ArrayListltArrayListltStringgtgt         XSSFSheet sheet   workbook.createSheetfile.getName              FileInputStream fis  new FileInputStreamfile            System.out.printlnGot here            BufferedReader br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderfis             while thisline  br.readLine  null                 al  new ArrayListltStringgt                String strar[]  thisline.split                 for int j  0 j lt strar.length j                      for int k  0 k lt arlist.size k                          ArrayListltStringgt ardata  ArrayListltStringgt arlist.getk                         XSSFRow row  sheet.createRowshort k                          for int p  0 p lt ardata.size p                              XSSFCell cell  row.createCellshort p                            cell.setCellValueardata.getp.toString                                                                  al.addstrar[j]                                 arlist.addal                         fis.close              FileOutputStream fileOut  new FileOutputStreamCtxttoxlsTest.xlsx            workbook.writefileOut            fileOut.flush            fileOut.close            br.close                     System.out.printlnYour excel file has been generated               catch  Exception ex                    System.out.printlnex                                       codepre  pEdited on 427 working code but performance issue exists.p  precode import java.io.  import java.util.ArrayList   import org.apache.poi.xssf.usermodel.XSSFSheet  import org.apache.poi.xssf.usermodel.XSSFWorkbook  import org.apache.poi.xssf.usermodel.XSSFRow  import org.apache.poi.xssf.usermodel.XSSFCell   public class createXLSXfileTest public static void mainString[]args      XSSFWorkbook workbooknew XSSFWorkbook     XSSFSheet sheet  XSSFSheet workbook.createSheetsheet1       XSSFSheet sheet1  XSSFSheet workbook.createSheetSheet2     try             File file  new FileCUsersDesktopfile1.txt            FileOutputStream fileOut  new FileOutputStreamCUsersDesktoptest.xlsx        if file.isFile          String thisline        ArrayListltStringgt al  null        ArrayListltArrayListltStringgtgt arlist  new ArrayListltArrayListltStringgtgt              FileInputStream fis  new FileInputStreamfile            System.out.printlnloading 1st file            BufferedReader br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderfis             while thisline  br.readLine  null                 al  new ArrayListltStringgt                String strar[]  thisline.split                 for int j  0 j lt strar.length j                      for int k  0 k lt arlist.size k                          ArrayListltStringgt ardata  ArrayListltStringgt arlist.getk                         XSSFRow row  sheet.createRowshort k                          for int p  0 p lt ardata.size p                              XSSFCell cell  row.createCellshort p                            cell.setCellValueardata.getp.toString                                                                  al.addstrar[j]                                 arlist.addal                         fis.close                 File file1  new FileCUsersDesktopfile2.txt       if file1.isFile             String thisline           ArrayListltStringgt al  null           ArrayListltArrayListltStringgtgt arlist  new ArrayListltArrayListltStringgtgt                 FileInputStream fis  new FileInputStreamfile1               System.out.printlnloading 2nd file               BufferedReader br  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderfis                while thisline  br.readLine  null                    al  new ArrayListltStringgt                   String strar[]  thisline.split                    for int j  0 j lt strar.length j                         for int k  0 k lt arlist.size k                             ArrayListltStringgt ardata  ArrayListltStringgt arlist.getk                            XSSFRow row  sheet1.createRowshort k                             for int p  0 p lt ardata.size p                                 XSSFCell cell  row.createCellshort p                               cell.setCellValueardata.getp.toString                                                                           al.addstrar[j]                                       arlist.addal                               fis.close                                workbook.writefileOut               fileOut.flush               fileOut.close               br.close         System.out.printlnYour excel file has been generated       catch  Exception ex      System.out.printlnex           codepre
Negative 42922 pstrongin Viewpageshome.ctpstrongp  precodeltulgt  ltligtltspangtltphp echo thisgtHtmlgtlinkOptometrist, arrayactiongthome,9 gtltspangtltligt ltligtltspangtltphp echo thisgtHtmlgtlinkDentist, arrayactiongthome,10 gtltspangtltligt ltulgt codepre  pabove code  i am passing url value and in samepagep  precodeltphp           if emptyusers                              sl0                             foreach users as row                               printrrow                                 sl gt         ltdiv stylewidth100displayinlineblockgt          ltdiv stylefloatleftgt              ltphp          echo thisgtHtmlgtlinkthisgtHtmlgtimage..filesuserphoto.row[User][photodir]..row[User][photo], arraywidth gt 180, height gt 180,                        arraycontrollergtProfiles,actiongtindex,row[User][id],                        arrayescape gt falsegt           ltphp           gtlta hrefprofilesindexltphp echo row[User][id] gtgtltimg srcfilesuserphotoltphp echo row[User][photodir]..row[User][photo]gt width200 height200gt ltagtltphp gtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltphp echo hrow[User][firstname]. .hrow[User][lastname].ltbrgt                                 echo hrow[User][username].ltbrgt                                 echo hrow[User][email].ltbrgt                                 echo hrow[User][mobile].ltbrgt                                 echo hrow[UserGroup][name].ltbrgt                                  gtltdivgt                                 ltdiv styleclearbothgtltdivgt                                   ltdivgt  ltphp                                    gt  ltdivgt codepre  pstrongControllerPagesController.phpstrongp  precodeclass PagesController extends AppController      This controller does not use a model     var array       public uses  array     Displays a view     param mixed What page to display   return void   throws NotFoundException When the view file could not be found    or MissingViewException in debug mode.    public function display       thisgtloadModelUsermgmt.User  idnull     for home page     ifissetid          usersthisgtUsergtfindByusergroupidid         thisgtsetusers, users                  else         usersthisgtUsergtfindall         thisgtsetusers, users                  usersthisgtUsergtfindall         thisgtsetusers, users  end home page          path  funcgetargs          count  countpath         if count              return thisgtredirect                  page  subpage  titleforlayout  null          if emptypath[0]              page  path[0]                  if emptypath[1]              subpage  path[1]                  if emptypath[count  1]              titleforlayout  Inflectorhumanizepath[count  1]                  thisgtsetcompactpage, subpage, titleforlayout          try              thisgtrenderimplode, path          catch MissingViewException e              if Configurereaddebug                  throw e                          throw new NotFoundException                codepre  phere when i click the menu  codeifissetidcode  function not working  shows error as p  pstrongMissing View Error The view for PagesControllerdisplay was not found. Error Confirm you have created the file EwampwwwCMSappViewPageshome9.ctpstrongp
Negative 42922 pIm following a nextpeer guidelines for integrating nextpeer in cocos2dx with c, i have copied the required frameworks and classes in project, then added the required frameworks for nextpeer, also add the linker flags but there are Apple MachO linker errors, here is a logp  precode Undefined symbols for architecture i386  CTFontCopyFullName, referenced from     [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextBoldrange] in       NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  CTFontCreateCopyWithAttributes, referenced from   NPNSAttributedStringByScalingFontSizeblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTFontCreateCopyWithSymbolicTraits, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextBoldrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  CTFontCreateUIFontForLanguage, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextBoldrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  CTFontCreateWithFontDescriptor, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o CTFontCreateWithName, referenced from   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontNamesizerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o CTFontDescriptorCreateWithAttributes, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o CTFontGetSize, referenced from   39[NPOHASBasicMarkupParser tagMappings]blockinvoke3 in NextpeerNPOHASBasicMarkupParser.o   NPNSAttributedStringByScalingFontSizeblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTFontGetSymbolicTraits, referenced from   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextIsBoldAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  CTFrameGetLineOrigins, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel characterIndexAtPoint] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTFrameGetLines, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel characterIndexAtPoint] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel sizeThatFits] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTFramesetterCreateFrame, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel characterIndexAtPoint] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel sizeThatFits] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTFramesetterCreateWithAttributedString, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel framesetter] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawTextInRect] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npSizeConstrainedToSizefitRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  CTFramesetterSuggestFrameSizeWithConstraints, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel textRectForBoundslimitedToNumberOfLines] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel sizeThatFits] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npSizeConstrainedToSizefitRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  CTLineCreateTruncatedLine, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTLineCreateWithAttributedString, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTLineDraw, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTLineGetStringIndexForPosition, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel characterIndexAtPoint] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTLineGetStringRange, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawFramesetterattributedStringtextRangeinRectcontext] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel sizeThatFits] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTLineGetTypographicBounds, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel characterIndexAtPoint] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o  CTParagraphStyleCreate, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextAlignmentlineBreakModerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   CTParagraphStyleGetValueForSpecifier, referenced from   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextAlignmentAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npLineBreakModeAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   kCTFontAttributeName, referenced from   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawTextInRect] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringByScalingFontSizeblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npFontAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontNamesizerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextBoldrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   ...   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawTextInRect] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringByScalingFontSizeblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npFontAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontNamesizerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextBoldrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   ...   kCTFontFamilyNameAttribute, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   kCTFontSymbolicTrait, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o  kCTFontTraitsAttribute, referenced from   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetFontFamilysizebolditalicrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   kCTForegroundColorAttributeName, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawTextInRect] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringBySettingColorFromContextblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextColorAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextColorrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel drawTextInRect] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringBySettingColorFromContextblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextColorAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextColorrange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   kCTForegroundColorFromContextAttributeName, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel renderedAttributedText] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringBySettingColorFromContextblockinvoke in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   kCTParagraphStyleAttributeName, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextAlignmentAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npLineBreakModeAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextAlignmentlineBreakModerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   NPNSAttributedStringAttributesFromLabel in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextAlignmentAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npLineBreakModeAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextAlignmentlineBreakModerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o    kCTUnderlineStyleAttributeName, referenced from   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextUnderlineStyleAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextUnderlineStylerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NPTTTAttributedLabel commonInit] in NextpeerNPTTTAttributedLabel.o   [NSAttributedStringNPOHCommodityConstructors npTextUnderlineStyleAtIndexeffectiveRange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o   [NSMutableAttributedStringNPOHCommodityStyleModifiers npSetTextUnderlineStylerange] in NextpeerNPNSAttributedStringAttributes.o    ld symbols not found for architecture i386   clang error linker command failed with exit code 1 use v to see invocation codepre  pthese are the frameworks which ive added in my projectp  precodeCoreText.framework OpenGLES.framework Security.framework MobileCoreServices.framework StoreKit.framework SystemConfiguration.framework CFNetwork.framework MessageUI.framework AdSupport.framework   Optional QuartzCore.framework UIKit.framework CoreGraphics.framework Foundation.framework libz.dylib libsqlite3.dylib codepre  pand this is the linker flag which i have addedp  precodeObjC codepre  pHow Do i Fix this please help.p
Negative 42922 pI need to search sentences with predefined patterns and get results if matched. Lets say i have a million record of predefined patterns like ab, abcd ... in a table. How can achieve this, is there any database engine which can search like below p  pMy sentence is  come home And table has 2 columns  ID,PATTERNp  pTable has 2 Rows Datap  p1, c hp  p2, b h  you can think b[az] h[az] in different formatp  pSo when i query come home from table it should return me id1 because that resembles ch pattern.p  pAppreciate any clue or help Best Regardsp
Negative 42922 pI have a DataGrid in which I have two columns namely codeNamecode and codeGroupcode.p  pI have used codeEnterKeyTravarsalcode Class, so that I can use kbdEnterkbd as kbdTABkbd.p  pAlso Based on some Conditions I add a new row to DataGrid in the ViewModel using InputBindings.p  pBut when a new row is added, I can see that the last cell that was focused just before adding a new row remains in the edit mode.p  pa hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfiled0B5WyqSALui0bbnJ2TnNDZGhsSGsedituspsharingHerea is a sample project that I have created to clearly explain my problem.p
Negative 42922 pIm gettingp  blockquote   p[...]main.cpp9 error undefined reference to [...]p blockquote  pI already know the cause, but, I cant resolve it using codeQMAKEcode flags.p  pI need to set the codeIcode flag in linking after the codeLcode and before the codeocode flag, like this I tested a handmade Makefile, and its OKp  blockquote   pL .lib lm [... other libs ...] I .include o .binprogramp blockquote  pBut setting codeIcode in codeQMAKELFLAGScode, the codeIcode flag goes in the beginning of codegcode command.p
Negative 42922 pI am building an application that needs to handle different timezones, including timezones with daylight savings time.  I am storing all the datestimes using Postgressqls timestamp with timezone data type, and all are stored in the UTC timezone I modified the codetimezonecode entry in postgresql.conf.  p  pHere is an example table that I have createdp  precodeCREATE TABLE categorycity  categorycityid serial NOT NULL, apptstarttime timestamp0 with time zone, apptendtime timestamp0 with time zone, apptdaysofweek character varying, CONSTRAINT categorycitypkey PRIMARY KEY categorycityid   codepre  pI have been testing some conversions using the AmericaEdmonton timezone.  Currently, this timezone is 6 hours behind UTC.  I have a timestamp in this table that has the value code19700101 15000000code.  p  pNow I perform this queryp  precodeSELECT apptstarttime at time zone AmericaEdmonton as start FROM categorycity  codepre  pThis emshouldem give me the timestamp code19700101 09000000code, but instead it gives me the timestamp code19700101 08000000code, an offset of 7. which is the correct offset when not in DST, but is obviously not correct right now DST is in effect.p  pI must be missing something because Im sure Im not the only one that needs to handle different timezones with DST.  p  pThe time on my server is correct, this is the output of the codedatecode command on Ubuntup  pcodeWed Apr 30 171159 MDT 2014codep  pCan anyone see something that I am overlooking, or has any experienced something similar and found a way to workaround it Any help would be appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pMy software generates a query to be inserted into my Access database, but the query that comes from my code, generates a codeSystem.Data.OleDb.OleDbExceptioncode, with an additional information p  blockquote   pSyntax error in INSERT INTO statement.p blockquote  pDebugging the code, the query generated works fine if I try to codeinsertcode through Access software.p  pI really dont know why Im getting this exception, my query is goodp  pCodep  precodeOleDbConnection commodityDB  null  try      commodityDB  new OleDbConnectionconnector     Console.WriteLineMicrosoft DB Connected  catch Exception ex      Console.WriteLineError Failed to create a database connection. n0, ex.Message     return   OleDbCommand cmder  new OleDbCommandinserttxt,commodityDB  string insert  string.FormatINSERT INTO Comm2 CommodityName, MonthCode, YearCom, ComCode, TradeDate,Open,High,Low,Close,Vol,OI VALUES 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, comName, comMonth, comYear, parts[0], parts[2], parts[3], parts[4], parts[5], parts[6], parts[7], parts[8]  commodityDB.Open  cmder.CommandText  insert cmder.ExecuteNonQuery myAccessConn.Close codepre  pAn example of the query generatedp  precodeINSERT INTO Comm2 CommodityName, MonthCode, YearCom, ComCode, TradeDate, Open, High, Low, Close, Vol, OI  VALUES Australian Dollar, Y, 0, A6, 04282014, 92740, 93157, 92435, 92568, 0, 0 codepre  pIt works fine Not on the software though.p
Negative 42922 pGiven Json input like the followingp  precode     Group A          Prop A 42,         Prop B true,         Prop C [ Hello, World ]     ,     Group B          Prop A 72       codepre  pI would like to populate the following data structurep  precodeDictionaryltstring, Dictionaryltstring, stringgtgt Groups codepre  pSuch that the following statement would be true differences in whitespace are not importantp  precodeGroups[Group A][Prop C]  [Hello,World] codepre  h2Inefficient Solutionh2  pThe following emseemsem to solve this problem, but it is quite inefficient since it incurs unnecessary intermediary serializationp  precodeGroups  new Dictionaryltstring, Dictionaryltstring, stringgtgt foreach var jsonGroup in JObject.ParsejsonText      var group  new Dictionaryltstring, stringgt     Groups[jsonGroup.Key]  group      foreach var jsonProperty in jsonGroup.Value.ChildrenltJPropertygt         group[jsonProperty.Name]  JsonConvert.SerializeObjectjsonProperty.Value  codepre  pSadly codeJProperty.Value.ToStringcode seems to return odd values, for instance codeFalsecode instead of codefalsecode.p
Negative 42922 pThe script should take the users session via ajax and transfer it to other ajax requests that take the data for the charts. The first request succeeds, but others have not, becouse sessionId for them is undefined. Tried to wrap them in a function, but unfortunately nothing happened. What can be donep  precodevar sessionId,     requestInWorkCount,     requestInWorkPower  function getSession   .getJSONhttp192.168.1.142DashboardService.svcwebjsonLoginUserUserIDUser1ampUserPassword123, ,                     functiondata                      .eachdata, function key, val                        sessionId  val.toString                       return sessionId                                         function getDatasession       .getJSONhttp192.168.1.142DashboardService.svcwebjsonGetIndicatorSessionIDsessionampIndNum1, ,                 functiondata                  .eachdata, function key, val                    requestInWorkCount  val                   return requestInWorkCount                                     .getJSONhttp192.168.1.142DashboardService.svcwebjsonGetIndicatorSessionIDsessionampIndNum2, ,                 functiondata                  .eachdata, function key, val                    requestInWorkCount  val                   return requestInWorkPower                                      document.readyfunction   getSession   getDatasessionId   setIntervalshow,1000    codepre
Negative 42922 pUsing Silverlight 5, RIA services 1.0 and Telerik controls I have a dialog with a button that when clicked goes and runs some service code. The issue is when I double click or triple click it real fast, it keeps calling the service thus getting this errorp  precodeSystem.InvalidOperationException  System.InvalidOperationException A SubmitChanges operation is already in progress on this DomainContext. codepre  pI was wondering if this is a common error and any work around for itp  pHere is the .NET source code that it goes to that causes it to crashp  precode public virtual SubmitOperation SubmitChangesActionltSubmitOperationgt callback, object userState            if this.IsSubmitting         throw new InvalidOperationExceptionResource.DomainContextSubmitAlreadyInProgress codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to be able to click on the username which will lead me to a new class  SetMed.java. Along with the username, i would like its IDs to be passed on as well. I have tried using Intent but it does not work. Any help is greatly appreciated.p  pThis is my MainActivity.javap  precode package com.checkbox.main  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.HashMap  import android.app.Activity import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.widget.Button import android.widget.ListView import android.widget.Toast  public class ListViewCheckBoxActivity extends Activity       Adapter       CheckboxAdapter listItemAdapter      Override         public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             setContentViewR.layout.main              Buttons and incident response               Button getValueButtonfindViewByIdR.id.getvalue             getValue.setOnClickListenerlistener              listview              ListView list  ListView findViewByIdR.id.list                      Array list to store the data             ArrayListltHashMapltString, Objectgtgt listDatanew ArrayListltHashMapltString,Objectgtgt             String []nameDiabetes,example,example,example,example             String []idInsulin, Glucagon, Prandin,example,example,example,example           forint i0ilt5i                      HashMapltString, Objectgt          mapnew HashMapltString, Objectgt         map.putfriendimage, R.drawable.icon         map.putfriendusername, name[i]         map.putfriendid, id[i]         map.putselected, false          Add data          listData.addmap                      Adapter         listItemAdapter  new CheckboxAdapterthis, listData         list.setAdapterlistItemAdapter                   Incident Response          OnClickListener listenernew OnClickListener                       Override             public void onClickView v                   Intent intent  new IntentListViewCheckBoxActivity.this, SetMed.class                  boolean[] array  new boolean[5]                 array[0]  CheckboxAdapter.isChecked                 intent.putExtrastatus, array                   HashMapltInteger, Booleangt state listItemAdapter.state                 String optionsMedicine Selected                 forint j0 jltlistItemAdapter.getCount j                                      System.out.printlnstate.getjstate.getj                     ifstate.getjnull                                              SuppressWarningsunchecked                         HashMapltString, Objectgt mapHashMapltString, Objectgt listItemAdapter.getItemj                         String usernamemap.getfriendusername.toString                         optionsnusername                                                                Display selection                  startActivityintent                            codepre  pThis is my CheckBoxAdapter class.p  precodepackage com.checkbox.main  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.HashMap import android.content.Context import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.BaseAdapter import android.widget.CheckBox import android.widget.CompoundButton import android.widget.CompoundButton.OnCheckedChangeListener import android.widget.ImageView import android.widget.TextView  public class CheckboxAdapter extends BaseAdapter       Context context     ArrayListltHashMapltString, Objectgtgt listData          Record checkbox state     HashMapltInteger, Booleangt state  new HashMapltInteger, Booleangt             Constructor       public CheckboxAdapterContext context, ArrayListltHashMapltString, Objectgtgt listData               this.context  context         this.listData  listData              Override     public int getCount               return listData.size           Override     public Object getItemint position               return listData.getposition           Override     public long getItemIdint position               return position            Rewrite View     Override     public View getViewfinal int position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent                LayoutInflater mInflater  LayoutInflater.fromcontext         convertView  mInflater.inflateR.layout.item, null          ImageView image  ImageView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.friendimage         image.setBackgroundResourceInteger listData.getposition.getfriendimage          TextView username  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.friendusername         username.setTextString listData.getposition.getfriendusername          TextView id  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.friendid         id.setTextString listData.getposition.getfriendid          CheckBox check  CheckBox convertView.findViewByIdR.id.selected                 check.setOnCheckedChangeListenernew OnCheckedChangeListener                       Override             public void onCheckedChangedCompoundButton buttonView, boolean isChecked                               if isChecked                                       state.putposition, isChecked                                   else                                       state.removeposition                                                              check.setCheckedstate.getposition  null  false  true         return convertView           public static boolean isChecked           TODO Autogenerated method stub         return false      codepre  pClass SetMed     p  precode public class SetMed extends Activity              Override         protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState               TODO Autogenerated method stub             super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             setContentViewR.layout.fragmentsetmed             TextView diabetes  TextView findViewByIdR.id.diabetes             Bundle bundle  this.getIntent.getExtras             if bundle.getBooleanDiabetes, false                  diabetes.setTextDiabetes              else                  diabetes.setText                             codepre
Negative 42922 pIm implement Google Glass app.p  pI want to get contacts list from google glass using GDK.p  pI already tried contacts Api v3 ContactsServicep  pbut i failed because p  pi cant scrolling amp tappingclick popup OK Button after glass update XE16p  p run to android phone is ok.p  pi tried mirror api. device OAuth....  no example.. i dont know how... p  pif you have sample code, As it is also upload. Would you Id appreciate that.p  phere is my code.p  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity      private Account[] accounts     private AccountManager mManager     private ContactsService mService     private URL feedUrl     private final String url  httpswww.google.comm8feedscontactsdefaultfull     private final String ACCOUNTSTYPE  com.google     private final String AUTHTOKENTYPE  cp     private String mToken      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState              super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main           mManager  AccountManager.getthis         accounts  mManager.getAccountsByTypeACCOUNTSTYPE          Log.daccount, accounts[0]          mManager.getAuthTokenaccounts[0], AUTHTOKENTYPE, null, this, new AccountManagerCallbackltBundlegt                      public void runAccountManagerFutureltBundlegt future                              try                                      mToken  future.getResult.getStringAccountManager.KEYAUTHTOKEN                     GetTask task  new GetTask                     task.executemToken                                   catch OperationCanceledException e                                      e.printStackTrace                                   catch AuthenticatorException e                                      e.printStackTrace                                   catch IOException e                                      e.printStackTrace                                       , null           public void createServiceString token throws IOException, ServiceException              mService  new ContactsServicecontactslist         mService.setUserTokentoken          feedUrl  new URLurl          ContactFeed resultFeed  ContactFeedmService.getFeedfeedUrl, ContactFeed.class         for ContactEntry entry  resultFeed.getEntries getContactsentry           private class GetTask extends AsyncTaskltString, Void, Voidgt              Override         protected Void doInBackgroundString... params                      try                              String token                    ifparams  null                                      forString s  params token  s                                   createServicetoken                           catch ServiceException e                              e.printStackTrace                           catch IOException e                              e.printStackTrace                           return null                    public void getContactsContactEntry entry throws ServiceException, IOException              if entry.hasName                      Name name  entry.getName              if name.hasFullName                              String fullName  name.getFullName.getValue                 Log.dname, fullName                            else Log.dname, no name          if entry.hasPhoneNumbers                      for PhoneNumber phone  entry.getPhoneNumbers                              String phoneNum  phone.getPhoneNumber                 Log.dphone, phoneNum                                else Log.dphone, no phone        codepre
Negative 42922 pI am using QT 5.2.1 is there is any way to add top menu bar in QT HTML5 Projectp  pmy main.cpp file is p  precodeinclude ltQApplicationgt include html5applicationviewer.h  int mainint argc, char argv[]      QApplication appargc, argv      Html5ApplicationViewer viewer     viewer.setOrientationHtml5ApplicationViewerScreenOrientationAuto     viewer.showExpanded     viewer.loadUrlQUrlQLatin1Stringhttpurlhidden      return app.exec  codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to batch covert files in a directory with a program. I want news files to keep old names, apart from the new extension. To illustrate, a single conversion would go like thisp  precodeogr2ogr f GeoJSON worldborders.json worldborders.shp codepre  pmeaning, codeprogram options outfile infilecodep  pNow, I want to do this with all .shp files in a directory, to get .json files. How do I create a bash script like thisp  pI already didp  precodefor file in .shp   do ogr2ogr f GeoJSON file file.json  done codepre  pBut it didnt work. Whyp
Negative 42922 pI have a JS functionp  precodedocument.onclick, submitForm, function e  var fileName  fileName.val .ajax     type POST,     url CalculationFileExist,     data  fileName fileName ,     dataType bool,     success function result          if result.returnvalue              e.preventDefault             alertresult.returnvalue             alertThe filename already exists. Please choose another one                  else              alertThe file doesnt exist                 codepre  pMy actionp  precode    public ActionResult FileExiststring fileName              bool result  true         string path  Server.MapPathTempPath  fileName  .xlsx Path for the file         string[] Files  Directory.GetFilesServer.MapPathTempPath         for int i  0 i lt Files.Length i                      if path  Files[i]                              The filename already exists                 result  false                               return Jsonnew  returnvalue  result       codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong here Im trying to get the bool value from FileExist method, and if its true stop the form from submitting e.preventDefaultp
Negative 42922 pIve got a web app that has loads of DOM elements, and its causing the browser to slow down.p  pI would like to know what the culprit is. Its trivial to write a bit of javascript to loop through all DOM elements and report on which tags are used the most, but Im looking for something a little more sophisticated. Lets say for example that the following structure appears a thousand timesp  precodeltdiv classcontainergt   ltdiv classsomestuffgt     ltulgt       ltligtOnly one itemltligt     ltulgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pDoing a report on how many times a tag is used might show the codedivcode tag as being used a lot, which in a large app doesnt tell me much if it is used often outside that structure, which is pretty likely for most apps.p  pWhat Id like is something that detects and reports that the above structure occurs 1000 times. Again, it might be easy enough to report on tagclass, but Im guessing that there are instances where such a simplistic approach would have trouble detecting what Im trying to find, just for example when there is no class. Are there any tools  scripts already out there Or approaches others have used to find the culprit in a situation similar to this p
Negative 42922 pI implemented googleMap by following code. it works fine but do not cluster these markes. The coordinates are being gotten from database. My question is how can I cluster markers. Here is code p  precodemap  MapFragment getFragmentManager.findFragmentByIdR.id.map             .getMap          if mapnull               try                  SQLiteDatabase db  openOrCreateDatabaseSwaponce,                         MODEPRIVATE, null                  Cursor cursor  db.rawQuerySELECT  FROM cord, null                  cursor.moveToFirst                  ConnUrlnew String[cursor.getCount]                  int i0                  do                      double lng  Double.parseDoublecursor.getStringcursor                             .getColumnIndexlng                      double lang Double.parseDoublecursor.getStringcursor                             .getColumnIndexlat                     try                          LatLng cord  new LatLnglang, lng                         Marker hamburg  map.addMarkernew MarkerOptions.positioncord                                   .title.snippet                                   .iconBitmapDescriptorFactory                                           .fromResourceR.drawable.mappeopleindicator                                             catchException e                                          while cursor.moveToNext                  cursor.close                 db.close                           catch Exception e                  int i  0                           map.setOnMarkerClickListenernew OnMarkerClickListener                        Override                 public boolean onMarkerClickMarker arg0                      int i0                      swapview                     i                     return false                                         codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI have launchd agent that tracks when user has active session.p  pTo achieve this I subscribe for codeNSWorkspaceSessionDidResignActiveNotificationcode  codeNSWorkspaceSessionDidBecomeActiveNotificationcodenotifications and they are doing their job well most of the times.p  pBut sometimes, during fast user switching, both notifications are delivered when user comes back, so I cannot guess when user resigned session. This happens really often when system lacks of resources.p  pThis behaviour repeats if I run my app not just like a agent but like a terminal program also. Process priority codenicecode doesnt help also.p  pIs there any way to resolve problems with codeNSWorkspacecode or achieve same behaviour with other technologyp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to understand how to create two simple indipendent modules by zf2 where some informationfeatures of the module A are called by the module B.p  pFor instancep  pModule A handles the pages of a site Module B handles the languages available at the sitep  pModule A is connected to a data table where the fields are [id, title, content, languageid] Module B is connected to a data table where the fields are [id, language]p  pModule A [languageid] is not mandatory.p  pModule A needs to get the list of the languages from the Module B.  Module B has not any othe module dependencep  pI would like to disable the Module B without throwning an exception. I would like to enable the Module B and see the language selector within the Module A form.p  pis this possible thanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a bar and a button on the stage.  When the mouse is over the button, the bar height increases gradually to its final size for example from 0 px to 200 px gradually in about 4 secondsp  pWhen the mouse is out of the box, the bar should decrease Dp  pThe problem isp  pIf the mouse moves out of the box during that 4 seconds, the bar still increases to the max height. How can I match both cases simultaneouslyp
Negative 42922 pcodee.pageYcodedoesnt give proper result when parent div has codepositionrelativecode css propertyp  pstrongDemo a hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenmDBzy relnofollowhttpcodepen.ioanonpenmDBzyastrongp  pAt the same time result seems to fine without positionrelative of the parent divp  precodemydiv   width 100   height 250px     position relative   codepre
Negative 42922 pIm updating Europe Database via nominatim from this post on my server. a hrefhttpshelp.openstreetmap.orgquestions15505importmoreosmfilesintonominatim relnofollowhttpshelp.openstreetmap.orgquestions15505importmoreosmfilesintonominatima Today is 1220GB and Its 6th day of import so its going very slow. In my apache amp php I have to enable CURL extension so i need to restart apache. Is Nominatim using apache to update and index database  When I will restart apache process that will cause nominatim update stop   p
Negative 42922 pI have a very simple web development project Im working on that uses php and bootstrap, nothing fancy.  Im trying to organize my files but Im quite ignorant of standards.  I was originally developing in an very old school iedysfunctional way like thisp  blockquote   pindex.phpbr   br   pagesbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspphp files here example photos.php, videos.phpbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspfolder for media here  example dogs01.png, cats01.png   br   cssbr   js  p blockquote  pbut now Im trying out a different system where I put the media in one folder instead of in a folder next to the files so Im trying to separate all the media assets from all the markup, from the fonts, the css, etc...like thisp  blockquote   pindex.phpbr   br   br      nbspnbspnbspnbspcssbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspjsbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspfontsbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspimagesbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspvideobr      nbspnbspnbspnbspincbr   br   php files here example photos.php, videos.php p blockquote  pBut now it seems like my root folder is getting packed with php files and getting kind of crazy.  Im considering adding ap  blockquote   pindex.phpbr   br   br      nbspnbspnbspnbspcssbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspjsbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspfontsbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspimagesbr      nbspnbspnbspnbspvideobr      nbspnbspnbspnbspincbr      nbspnbspnbspnbsppagesphp files here example photos.php, videos.php    p blockquote  pHonestly, I just dont know how to organize my files.  How do people organize regular websites these days  Im just confused about file structure and need some advice.p  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pWe have a current web application that is deployed to OAS Oracle Application Server.p  pI am trying to implement some functional tests using selenium for this application. I created a new maven project specifically for functional testing, which uses cargo to deploy the application war file webappsite.war to the default container provided by cargo Jetty. pom.xml attached at the end.p  pThe problem I am facing is in trying to configure jms properties. The current setting in the web application uses OAS  specific values from an environment specific jms.properties file shown belowp  precodejava.naming.factory.initialoracle.j2ee.rmi.RMIInitialContextFactory  java.naming.provider.urlopmnormilocalhost6003OC4JDEVdefault java.naming.security.principalusername java.naming.security.credentialspassword  jms.queue.connection.factory.jndijmsQueueConnectionFactory codepre  pWhen I start up jetty using cargo, the deployment of the application war fails when it looks for the RMIInitialContextFactory and does not find it. This is an OAS specific jar which is not available in the global maven repository. I managed to download and install this jar in the local maven repo, but then it showed a missing class from another oracle specific jar  not present in the global maven repo. Also, even I resolved all such dependencies to external jar, I am unsure of how it would perform with Jetty.p  pIt would be really helpful to know how to configure these properties in cargo specific to jetty and have it picked up by the deployable application war.p  pAttaching the pom.xml of the functional test module belowp  precodeltproject xmlnshttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 httpmaven.apache.orgxsdmaven4.0.0.xsdgt  ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt ltartifactIdgtwebappautomationltartifactIdgt ltpackaginggtjarltpackaginggt lturlgthttpmaven.apache.orglturlgt  ltparentgt     ltgroupIdgtcom.webappltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtwebappltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt11.0.5ltversiongt ltparentgt   ltnamegtFunctional tests for webappltnamegt  ltpropertiesgt     ltproject.build.sourceEncodinggtUTF8ltproject.build.sourceEncodinggt     ltservlet.portgt9090ltservlet.portgt      ltseleniumHostgtlocalhostltseleniumHostgt     ltseleniumPortgt4444ltseleniumPortgt     ltselenium.versiongt2.3ltselenium.versiongt     ltselenium.backgroundgttrueltselenium.backgroundgt ltpropertiesgt  ltdependenciesgt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtcom.webapltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtwebappsiteltartifactIdgt         lttypegtwarlttypegt         ltversiongtproject.version.numberltversiongt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.seleniumhq.seleniumltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtseleniumjavaltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt2.42.0ltversiongt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtjunitltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtjunitltartifactIdgt         ltscopegttestltscopegt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtcom.oracleltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtojdbc14ltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt10.2.0.5ltversiongt         ltscopegttestltscopegt     ltdependencygt ltdependenciesgt  ltbuildgt     ltpluginManagementgt         ltpluginsgt             ltplugingt                 ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt                 ltartifactIdgtmavensurefirepluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt2.8.1ltversiongt             ltplugingt             ltplugingt                 ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt                 ltartifactIdgtseleniummavenpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongtselenium.versionltversiongt             ltplugingt             lt CARGO is used to deploy the RAPS application for functional testing gt             ltplugingt                 ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.cargoltgroupIdgt                 ltartifactIdgtcargomaven2pluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt1.4.2ltversiongt                 ltconfigurationgt                     ltcontainergt                         ltdependenciesgt                             ltdependencygt                                 ltgroupIdgtcom.oracleltgroupIdgt                                 ltartifactIdgtojdbc14ltartifactIdgt                             ltdependencygt                         ltdependenciesgt                     ltcontainergt                     ltconfigurationgt                         ltpropertiesgt                             ltcargo.servlet.portgtservlet.portltcargo.servlet.portgt                             ltcargo.datasource.datasource.ojdbc14gt                                 cargo.datasource.driveroracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver                                 cargo.datasource.urljdbcoraclethindeirbned01.deir.citec.qld.gov.au1521RAPSDEV                                 cargo.datasource.jndijdbcRAPSDS                                 cargo.datasource.usernameRAPS9                                 cargo.datasource.passwordsm4u                             ltcargo.datasource.datasource.ojdbc14gt                         ltpropertiesgt                     ltconfigurationgt                     ltdeployablesgt                         ltdeployablegt                             ltgroupIdgtcom.webappltgroupIdgt                             ltartifactIdgtwebappsiteltartifactIdgt                             lttypegtwarlttypegt                         ltdeployablegt                     ltdeployablesgt                 ltconfigurationgt             ltplugingt         ltpluginsgt     ltpluginManagementgt     ltpluginsgt         ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmavensurefirepluginltartifactIdgt             ltconfigurationgt                 lt Skip the normal tests, well run them in the integrationtest phase gt                 ltskipgttrueltskipgt             ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltphasegtintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgttestltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                     ltconfigurationgt                         ltskipgtfalseltskipgt                     ltconfigurationgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt         ltplugingt         ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.cargoltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcargomaven2pluginltartifactIdgt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtstartcargoltidgt                     ltphasegtpreintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtstartltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtstopcargoltidgt                     ltphasegtpostintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtstopltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt         ltplugingt         ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtseleniummavenpluginltartifactIdgt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtstartseleniumltidgt                     ltphasegtpreintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtstartserverltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtstopseleniumltidgt                     ltphasegtpostintegrationtestltphasegt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtstopserverltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltbackgroundgtselenium.backgroundltbackgroundgt                 ltportgtselenium.portltportgt                 ltlogOutputgttrueltlogOutputgt             ltconfigurationgt         ltplugingt     ltpluginsgt ltbuildgt codepre  pp  pAny help would be great p  pCheers, Rahulp
Negative 42922 pI want to create paginator on my news feed. p  pI had developed controller and it is working fine now. Links likep  precodeexample.comnewspage1 ... example.comnewspage10 etc codepre  pare working fine.p  pNow I need to add paginator controlls in the view file. I found this in docs. p  pIn a hrefhttpframework.zend.commanual2.3enmoduleszend.paginator.usage.htmlrenderingpageswithviewscripts relnofollowthisa part of docs there is an example, where codepaginatorControlscode is rendered like thisp  precodeecho thisgtpaginationControl     thisgtpaginator,     Sliding,     mypaginationcontrol,      arrayroute gt applicationpaginator   codepre  pcodemypaginationcontrolcode is partial, as I assumed. Maybe, I am blind, but I cant find on the docs where I have to define this partial Possibly in config file. But howp  pAlso, I dont understand how 2nd option parameter  codeSlidingcode of codepaginationControlcode function will interract with partial. Can you clarify this, pleasep
Negative 42922 pIm just starting to use ElasticSearch. And I tried to know how to insert documents. I only found examples using the PUT method  code curl XPUT httplocalhost9200...code But it also seems to work using POST. Is there any difference between these two methodsp  pThank you.p
Negative 42922 pId like to write some base classes that should be picked by default to autowire with codeSpringcode.  Only emifem these classes are extended, thus a custom implementation is provided for them, I want the custom implementation to be picked up, instead of the default one.p  pHow can I achieve it when I dont want to make my default classes codeabstractcode as the application should be able to run without custom implementations, just by the default onesp  pThe the following example I want to provide a basic handler for any errors. But this setup would only work if I make the codeBaseHandlercode abstract, which I dont want as in this case I would force anyone using my library to implement the class.p  precodeMessageEndpoint public class BaseHandler      ServiceActivatorinputChannel  errorChannel     public AStadisdatensatz handleMessageltMessageHandlingExceptiongt message          processmessage.getPayload                  Override to supply specific processing           void processPayload payload          do some default processing         MessageEndpoint public class CustomHandler extends BaseHandler      Override     void processPayload payload          custom processing       codepre  pIf I run it this way, codeCustomHandlercode will never be picked up. So, is it impossiblep
Negative 42922 pHey I got a little Problem with creating a trigger at my Database. p  pI have an Table thats named located and contains p  ul liCountryli liCityli liProvinceli liLakeli liSeali liRiverli ul  pSo Lake, Sea and River are Foreign Keys. p  pI created these three constraints p  precodeALTER TABLE located ADD CONSTRAINT locatedLake         FOREIGN KEY lake         REFERENCES Lakename         ON DELETE SET NULL  ALTER TABLE located ADD CONSTRAINT locatedRiver         FOREIGN KEY river         REFERENCES Rivername         ON DELETE SET NULL  ALTER TABLE located ADD CONSTRAINT locatedSea         FOREIGN KEY sea         REFERENCES Seaname         ON DELETE SET NULL codepre  pSo every time I delete a lake, river or sea in located its set to NULL.p  pNow I tried to create this triggerp  precodeCREATE OR REPLACE TRIGGER deleteFromLocated AFTER UPDATE ON located FOR EACH ROW BEGIN         DROP FROM located WHERE sea IS NULL AND river IS NULL AND lake IS NULL END  codepre  pBut then I get a MUTATING ERROR.p  pThe Goal is to delete every tuple where these three things are null. p  pMaybe someone can help me  p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pIm very new to programming so please bare with me I have a class carDealership and there is an array list for all the cars with its make year, model, horsepower, etc etc. p  precode    inventory.addnew Lamborghini1971, urraco, 371.3, false     inventory.addnew Lamborghini1971, urraco, 371.3, false     inventory.addnew Lamborghini1973, countache, 373.3, false     inventory.addnew Lamborghini1974, silhouette, 374.3, false     inventory.addnew Lamborghini1975, jalpa, 375.3, true codepre  pAnd so on.. I was asked to complete this get methodp  precode    public ArrayListltLamborghinigt getCarsFromThisYearint year codepre  pwith the conditions of returning an empty arraylist if there are no lamborghini objects with the specific model year and returning a arraylist of all the lamborghini obects with the specific model year.p  pI started off doing something like this..p  precode    public ArrayListltLamborghinigt getCarsFromThisYearint year         forLamborghini cars  inventory                       ifcars.getModelYear  year                                        codepre  pbut had no idea what to put into that if statement, what to return, or even if I was on the right path. p  pAny suggestions or guidancep
Negative 42922 pDuring development with Devexpress, weve encountered the use of a codeInstantFeedbackSourcecode. Using the codeRowLoadedcode, we would like to adjust values of certain rows. Yet the CellContent isnt changed.p  pstrongTestsolutionstrongp  pemGetQueryableMethod of my datasourceemp  precode    private void linqInstantFeedbackSource1GetQueryable1object sender, GetQueryableEventArgs e              e.QueryableSource  testObjects.AsQueryable         gridView2.RefreshData         gridControl2.RefreshDataSource      codepre  pemMy Rowloaded eventemp  precode    private void gridView2RowLoadedobject sender, DevExpress.XtraGrid.Views.Base.RowEventArgs e           gridView2.SetRowCellValuee.RowHandle, gridView2.Columns[RandomGuid4], lalalala      codepre  pemInformationemp  pcodegridView2.Columns[RandomGuid4]code is not null and refers to the correctcolumn.p  pcodee.RowHandlecode Refers to the correct Linenumberp  pstrongGoalstrongp  pI want to achieve the following behavior At runtime i want to fill the gird with records. When adding the rows i want to check the row for certain values. When a certain value occurs then several another cells should be filled with combobox, hyperlinks,...p  pThe advised way by devexpress is the event codeCustomCellEditcode. But that event is highly unreliable. Were experiencing issues exceptions from within the control. Ive submitted several tickets so far but no response. So were searching an alternative. p  pCould someone point out what im exactly missingdoing wrong herep  pThank you for your time.p  pstrongNotestrong Ive tried the use of codeRefreshDatacode in my codeRowLoadedEventcode but it doesnt appear to be working.p
Negative 42922 pI am conducting a global maximization for a rather daunting high dimensional problem. To make my life easier, my buildingblock program was ported to OpenMP and ran smoothly fine. p  pThe main program actually consists of 4 buildingblock programs, each working under different setting. And the real task of mine is to feed the main program with a long list of parameter combinations. My preliminary thinking for overcoming this challenge is to divide the list into 10 smaller parts in parallelism.   p  pSuppose the computing capacity I have is a high performance cluster on which a node has 8 cores or 16 threads. My question is is it correct that I simply use the usual MPI routines like MPIINIT and its pals to complete the extension of my program from OpenMP to the hybrid with MPI Is it correct that I simply specify the following in my PBS scriptp  precodebinbash l PBS l nodes40ppn8 ... export OMPNUMTHREADS16 ... codepre  pOr else do I need to think deeper by using alternative routine like MPIINITTHREAD to have my work donep  p[edited June 24, 2014]p  pHere is the PBS file I finally figured out for my multithreaded MPI program without overlapping communication across OMP and MPI. My program works in this way one multithreaded MPI process is executed per node. Each node fully forks workload to all the threads that are physically associated with it. In addition, since I am also using Intel MKL and Intel MPI, I made corresponding adjustment in the PBS script below.p  precode1 binbash l 2 PBS l walltime010000,nodes32ppn8,pmem2000mb 3 export OMPNUMTHREADS8 4 cd PBSOWORKDIR  5 mpirun perhost 1 np 32 hostfile PBSNODEFILE  6   env IMPIPINDOMAIN omp  7   env KMPAFFINITY compact .main  codepre  pBesides, be sure to add mtmpi into the compiler flags to correctly enable the support of Intel MKL. p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to configure my console application to send an email to the gmail relay server.p  pthe code im using is the next  p  precodeclass Program              static void Mainstring[] args               string header             string body             string emailTo             string emailFrom  anton.selininbox.com              Console.WriteLineEnter the header               header  Console.ReadLine             Console.WriteLineEnter the message body               body  Console.ReadLine             Console.WriteLineEnter your email               emailTo  Console.ReadLine              SmtpClient smtpClient  new SmtpClientsmtp.gmail.com, 465             smtpClient.Credentials  new System.Net.NetworkCredentialanton.selin1gmail.com,              smtpClient.UseDefaultCredentials  true             smtpClient.DeliveryMethod  SmtpDeliveryMethod.Network             smtpClient.EnableSsl  true             MailMessage mail  new MailMessage              mail.From  new MailAddressemailFrom,anton selin             mail.To.Addnew MailAddressemailTo             mail.Body  body             mail.Subject  header              Console.WriteLineSending email...             smtpClient.Sendmail              Console.WriteLineEmail sent...             Console.ReadKey                codepre  pwhen i run the code it gives me a timeout error  p  precodeThe operation has timed out. codepre  phow can i configure my application to be able to send email from console app or web appfrom localhostp
Negative 42922 pI created a multidimensional array, but when I try to access it in codeviewDidLoadcode the application crashes. Any suggestions as to why this is happeningp  pI also tried to define my array as codevar data KeyLabelType[][]code, but that didnt help either.p  precodeclass MyViewController UIViewController       var data ArrayltArrayltKeyLabelTypegtgt  []      initnibName nibNameOrNil String, bundle nibBundleOrNil NSBundle            let array1 KeyLabelType[]  [...]         let array2 KeyLabelType[]  [...]         let array3 KeyLabelType[]  [...]          self.data  [array1, array2, array3]          super.initnibName nibNameOrNil, bundle nibBundle           override func viewDidLoad            let count  self.data.count  Application crashes here       codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comW1zRj.png altenter image description herep  pEDITp  pI declared codeKeyLabelTypecode as p  precodeenum KeyLabelType Character      case a  a     case b  b     case c  c  codepre  pEDIT  I filed a bug report with Apple 17340589p
Negative 42922 pI want to split the below mentioned string and save it in two seperate arraylist like state and cityp  precode public class RoundValue       public static void mainString args[]          String firstset  null          String city  TamilnaduchennaimaduraisalemKeralacochintiruvandrumcalicut          ArrayListltStringgt mState  new ArrayListltStringgt         ArrayListltStringgt mCity  new ArrayListltStringgt          HashMapltString, ListltStringgtgt hashsplit  new HashMapltString, ListltStringgtgt          ListltStringgt splitword1  Arrays.asListcity.split          if splitword1.size gt 0              for int i  0 i lt splitword1.size i                  firstset  splitword1.geti                   ListltStringgt firststate  Arrays.asListfirstset.split                 if firststate.size gt 0                      for int j  0 j lt firststate.size j                          String firstcity  firststate.getj                          ListltStringgt secondcity  Arrays.asListfirstcity.split                         if secondcity.size gt 0                              for int k  0 k lt secondcity.size k                                  String septcity  secondcity.getk                                 System.out.printlnseptcity Splitted  septcity                                                                                                                           codepre  pI have splitted each and every character, but i have to store state in seperate list and city in seperate listp
Negative 42922 pAs you can pass params from one action to anotherp  precodeIn this action the user passes the parameters of the credit card def review   cart  currentcart    ...   ... end codepre  pThis action displays the sum of the order etc. And a Button that the user can confirm the order. If he will confirm, then the parameters must be passed in the model where the payment will be made.   p  precodedef update   cart  currentcart   cart.updateattributesparams[cart]    Purchasing.purchasecurrentuser, currentcart, creditcard end   class Purchasing   def initializeuser, cart, creditcard     user  user     cart  cart     creditcard  creditcard   end    This method of payment order.   def purchase     begin       result  BraintreeTransaction.sale           amount cart.total,           creditcard              number ,             cvv ,             expirationmonth ,             expirationyear                         ...   end end codepre
Negative 42922 pI tried to do lseek on a file which is opened in write mode as below. But it is not working as expected.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltfcntl.hgt  main      int fd  openlocalsandbox.Cmytest, OWRONLY  OAPPEND      iffd  1              printfnFailed to opne file in write moden         return 1           lseekfd, 2, SEEKSET     writefd, OK, 2     writefd, AAAAAAAA, 3      closefd  codepre  pmytest file is already existed with the content Hi, How are you. I thought after executing the program, my test will contain HiOKAAA, How are you. But instead it is writing OKAAA at the end. Is it because of OAPPEND flag But even, I am using lseek to change the file offset to 2 only. Can any one please let me know why it is failingp
Negative 42922 pI am new to JSF, was setting up my first workspace in Eclipse Helios and Weblogic 10.0 server, I am getting Stopped, Unable to validate weblogic domain while trying to start the server. Same problem persists while trying to add a new domain. Please help.p
Negative 42922 pI have the following function and I want to unsubscribe codeRunWorkerCompletedcode when its done to prevent memory leak. However I got the error Use of unassigned local variable runWorkerCompletedp  precodeprivate void AssignltTgtFuncltobjectgt method, ActionltTgt setter      ShowLoadingLabel     var bw  new BackgroundWorker     DoWorkEventHandler doWork  object sender, DoWorkEventArgs e gt e.Result  Funcltobjectgte.Argument     bw.DoWork  doWork     RunWorkerCompletedEventHandler runWorkerCompleted  object sender, RunWorkerCompletedEventArgs e gt              setterTe.Result         HideLoadingLabel         bw.DoWork  doWork         bw.RunWorkerCompleted  runWorkerCompleted  Error          bw.RunWorkerCompleted  runWorkerCompleted     bw.RunWorkerAsyncmethod  codepre  pHow to unsubscribe itp
Negative 42922 pI want that system will display current time in hhmmss format where hh is for hours, mm is for minutes, ss is for seconds.p  pI have used time function.p  pHere is my code p  precodeltphp ttime echot gt codepre  pbut it is displaying the current time as 1403245168p  pPlease help me out how can i change this time in another format. Thanksp
Negative 42922 pstrongPROBLEMstrong Link text is not rendering.p  pstrongGOALstrong To add link text to each path in a manner that 1 allows text wrapping and 2 ensures that text will transition in and out as nodes are selecteddeselected.p  pstrongORIGINAL SOURCEstrong Located at a hrefhttpbl.ocks.orgGuerino1rawed80661daf8e5fa89b85 relnofollowhttpbl.ocks.orgGuerino1rawed80661daf8e5fa89b85ap  pEvery relationshiplink has a descriptive predicate that can be seen in the data...p  precode  var linkSet  [     source N0, predicate Predicate 1, target N1,     source N1, predicate Predicate 2, target N2,     source N2, predicate Predicate 3, target N3,     source N0, predicate Predicate 4, target N4,     source N4, predicate Predicate 5, target N5,     source N0, predicate Predicate 6, target N6,     source N6, predicate Predicate 7, target N7,     source N6, predicate Predicate 8, target N8,     source N7, predicate Predicate 9, target N9,     source N7, predicate Predicate 10, target N10   ] codepre  pI try an apply that predicate to each path, via a foreignObject with the intent that Ill be able to wrap predicate text, just like node text is wrapped.  The foreignObject is appended to the path element.  The code I use look as follows...p  precode Add Predicate text to each link path link.appendsvgforeignObject     .datalinkSet     .attrwidth, 200     .attrheight, 40   .appendxhtmlbody     .attrxmlns, httpwww.w3.org1999xhtml     .htmlfunctiond return ltpgt  d.predicate  ltpgt  codepre  pHowever, while the DOM Tree shows that the foreignObject and the html p element are added and exist the text does not render.p
Negative 42922 pIn my game, I create an automatch room and I am successfully connected to my other device. Once the game has finished, I go through these steps again  All successful. However on the third attempt it will connect, but then the reliable messages are never received.p  pThis has been with v17 of the libraryp  pI have tried on different devices all 4.4 and above. But it always the same routine.p  pAs an added bonus if I kill my game and launch again  it still fails to send messages, if I leave it 1015mins I can connect and send messages again.p  pI have checked the developer console and I dont appear to be anywhere near the API limits.p  pHas anyone else seen this issue Or does anyone know where to submit a bug for Play Services particularp
Negative 42922 pI created a members only based website and when I post new articles, similar to blog post, I use phpmailer to send an email out to all the members that requested email to be sent to them.p  pThe email contains the new articles content. Title, description etc..p  pIm in beta testing stage right now, and with only 3 email accounts it takes about 9 seconds to send out the 3 email when I make a new post. About 3 seconds per email.p  pI expect to get around 100 users on this site, which would  about 5 minutes to send out all those emails.p  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pIs there a way I can hook up a real time progress bar to show how much time is left when sending the emailsp  pMy setup is like thisp  pI have my form that is connected to this action script.p  precodeltphp includeSERVER[DOCUMENTROOT] . coreinit.php   new data title           POST[title] description     POST[description]   query  addnotice  DBgetInstancegtinserttable1, array     title gt title,     description gt description,                            id  issetPOST[id] users  DBgetInstancegtquerySELECT id, title, description FROM table1  users  DBgetInstancegtquerySELECT email FROM table2 WHERE notify Yes  foreachusersgtresults as u  UsersendNotificationugtemail, title, ltstronggtlth2gt.title.lth2gtltstronggtltpgt.description.ltpgt    Sessionflashnewarticle, lth3 classwhitetx aligncentergtThe article has been addedlth3gt Redirecttositepage.php gt codepre  pThe codeUsersendNotificationcode comes from my user class file that looks like this.p  precode    public function sendNotificationto, subject, body          requireonce class.phpmailer.php         from        notifier.com         mail        new PHPMailer         mailgtIsSMTPtrue             use SMTP         mailgtIsHTMLtrue         mailgtSMTPAuth    true                   enable SMTP authentication         mailgtHost        host..com  SMTP host         mailgtPort         465                     set the SMTP port         mailgtUsername    notifier.com   SMTP  username         mailgtPassword       SMTP password         mailgtSetFromfrom, Email Robot         mailgtAddReplyTofrom,Do Not Reply         mailgtSubject     subject         mailgtMsgHTMLbody         address  to         mailgtAddAddressaddress, to         mailgtSend  codepre  pA real time progress bar would be Ideal, but I would even settle for an animated .gif loading image.p  pWhich I tried by adding this to the action scriptp  precodeecho lttable aligncenter width100 height100 border0gtlttr aligncenter valigncentergtlttdgtltimg srcimagessending.gifgtlttdgtlttrgtlttablegt codepre  pBut that wasnt even recognized and rolled right past the sending.gif image and posted the article to the website and sent the emails.p  pIve searched Google for tutorials on the subject, but came up dry.p  pAny thoughts on this situation would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pFor example I want to sort following array based on fruit in the sequence of orange, kiwi, apple, mango. After that the array sort follow the ascending sequence of name among the same fruit. p  precode    ltNSArrayM 0x8aaaaa0gt      unique  1     fruit  apple     name   James ,     unique  2     fruit  apple     name   Jason ,      unique  3     fruit  orange     name   Peter  ,     unique  4     fruit  kiwi     name   Amy  ,     unique  5     fruit  kiwi     name   Lionel  ,     unique  6     fruit  mango     name   Jacky   codepre
Negative 42922 pI have been trying to get the following key binding to work in emacs running in a mac terminal.p  precodedefinekey cmodebasemap kbd C accompleteclang       codepre  pIt never worked. At first, I think i got the way of defining the key binding wrong. But I later verified that it worked with some simpler key binding, e.g. kbdMkbd. Now I realize that it is the terminal that is not recognizing kbdCkbd and many more control key related key binding.p  pCan someone tell me how I get this to work Where can I see how Terminal takes when I press kbdCkbd and how I should pass this along so that emacs will recognize itp
Negative 42922 pSo I am a computer science student and Ive finished my first year. I wanted to create a simple program and I realized that I am so tired of using no layoutp  precodethis.setLayoutnull codepre  pIt is so tiresome to add bounds to every single component. Well, I have been using codeJPanelcode components and codeGridLayoutcode a lot, which have made my work a bit easier. But I am tired of it. p  pI care very much about the look of the GUI I make and use almost half the time programming to make the GUI look good before I start adding the functionality of the code. By not using a layout and adding bounds I am forced to codesetResizablefalsecode because it looks bad if I change the size of the JFrame.p  pIve been searching a bit, and I know of codeBorderLayoutcode, and codeFlowLayoutcode, but I dont like them. Is there any Layout that keeps the relative size of the components with respect to the size of the windowp  pFor example I want to make a simple program that looks like this Quick sketch in Photoshopp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comj6K3U.png altenter image description herep  pI can easily make this with 3 panels, but as I said, if I change the size of the frame everything stays in place instead of being relative to the windowsize.p  pCan you guys help mep
Negative 42922 pI am following a code sample somewhere from internet in which i want to start a activity when click on notification. but when i click on show notification button it gives error.. Here is my notification code.p  precode    public void showNotification                   define sound URI, the sound to be played when theres a notification                 Uri soundUri  RingtoneManager.getDefaultUriRingtoneManager.TYPENOTIFICATION                           intent triggered, you can add other intent for other actions                      Intent intent  new IntentMainActivity.this, BusinessDetailActivity.class                 intent.putExtraid, 1                  PendingIntent pIntent  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0, intent, 0                   this is it, well build the notification                  in the addAction method, if you dont want any icon, just set the first param to 0                 Notification mNotification  new Notification.Builderthis                     .setContentTitleNew Post                     .setContentTextHeres an awesome update for you                     .setSmallIconR.drawable.iclauncher                     .setContentIntentpIntent                     .setSoundsoundUri                   .addActionR.drawable.iclauncher, View, pIntent                   .addAction0, Remind, pIntent                     .build                 NotificationManager notificationManager  NotificationManager getSystemServiceNOTIFICATIONSERVICE                 mNotification.flags Notification.FLAGAUTOCANCEL                   If you want to hide the notification after it was selected, do the code below                  myNotification.flags  Notification.FLAGAUTOCANCEL                 notificationManager.notify0, mNotification               codepre  pHere is my logcat.p  precode0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461 java.lang.NoSuchMethodError android.app.NotificationBuilder.build 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.faisalahsan.discountcloud.MainActivity.showNotificationMainActivity.java130 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.faisalahsan.discountcloud.MainActivity.onMenuItemSelectedMainActivity.java147 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindow.onMenuItemSelectedPhoneWindow.java950 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder.dispatchMenuItemSelectedMenuBuilder.java735 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuItemImpl.invokeMenuItemImpl.java149 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.view.menu.MenuBuilder.performItemActionMenuBuilder.java874 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuView.invokeItemActionMenuView.java490 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView.onClickActionMenuItemView.java108 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at android.view.View.performClickView.java3519 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java14140 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java605 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4424 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java787 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java554 0628 233229.150 EAndroidRuntime30461    at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre
Negative 42922 pIve encountered this problem. I need to compare CPU and GPU performance when calculating fractal using WebCL, CUDA or OpenCL. How can I do thisp  pThank you.p
Negative 42922 pI try to built modular programming  Makefile for compiling a module named hello1.c. I researched create make file and built video but i couldnt success. p  pMy code  p  precodeinclude ltlinuxmodule.hgt    include ltlinuxkernel.hgt     int initmodulevoid      printkKERNINFO Hello world n     return 0   void cleanupmodulevoid      printkKERNINFO Goodbye world n  codepre
Negative 42922 pI am writing graphical 2d editor and i am using OpenTK as rendering engine.br I wandering how could it possible to move and scroll the camera with the mouse to look like it is done in Photoshop. p  pHere is the code i have for now.p  precode GL.EnableEnableCap.Texture2D  GL.EnableEnableCap.Blend  GL.BlendFuncBlendingFactorSrc.SrcAlpha, BlendingFactorDest.OneMinusSrcAlpha codepre  p...p  precode GL.MatrixModeMatrixMode.Projection  GL.LoadIdentity   GL.Viewport0, 0, 1024, 768 codepre  p...p  precodePart od drawing function             ClassNodeField nField  NodeFieldsManager.GetByIDID              int Rows     4000  128  1             int Columns  4000  128  1               GL.ClearColorColor.Silver              GL.ClearClearBufferMask.ColorBufferBit  ClearBufferMask.DepthBufferBit              GL.Color3200f, 200f, 200f              GL.BeginBeginMode.Lines               for int i  0 i lt Rows i                              GL.Vertex34000,     128  i, 0                 GL.Vertex34000,     128  i, 0                            for int i  0 i lt Columns i                              GL.Vertex3128  i, 4000, 0                 GL.Vertex3128  i, 4000, 0                           GL.End  end part of drawing function codepre  pit is working fine a have the field 4000 by 4000 pixels for tests. I am planing to use 45000 by 45000. And now i need to navigate across this field and scroling with mouse wheel.br Help me with that what should i call from OpenTK to move my camera and scroll it.  p
Negative 42922 pIam trying to POST a video either recorded or chosen from the Library to server. This is the code I use to get video in the form of NSDatap  precodeNSURL videoURL  [info objectForKeyUIImagePickerControllerMediaURL] NSData videoData  [NSData dataWithContentsOfURLvideoURL] codepre  pNow , I need to encode it using base64 and POST. But when I POST, the server receives no video. Any guidance would be great. Thankyoup
Negative 42922 pI want to write the response out into a csv. Heres my codep  precodeimport requests from bs4 import BeautifulSoup import csv import time  site  url  with openreceipts10.csv, rU as csvfile     reader  csv.readercsvfile, delimiter     for row in reader          response  requests.postsite, paramsappReceiptNumrow         soup  BeautifulSoupresponse.text         status  soup.findh4         statusString  status.text codepre  pIve opened up a csv and now I want to overwrite that same csv with the outputp  precode        printstatusString codepre  pAs you can see Im only printing out the response in the console, but need it in  a .csv instead. Any ideas p
Negative 42922 pFirst of all I want to say that Im developing this in Xamarin Mono for Android with C and not java.p  pMy problem is that I cant get any event to trigger when the user has selected a item for the AutoCompleteTextView.p  pAnyone who sees what is wrong herep  pIve got the following xaml codep  precodeltAutoCompleteTextView androidididArticleNrTbox androidlayoutwidth160dp androidlayoutheight40dp androidbackgrounddrawableEditTextLarge androidtextColor838282 androidpaddingLeft8dp androidinputTypenumber gt codepre  pAnd then Ive got the following code in a fragmentp  precodeView ThisView  null AutoCompleteTextView ArticleNumberTbox ListltArticleStructgt articles  public override View OnCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState  ThisView  inflater.InflateResource.Layout.MaterialReport, container, false ArticleNumberTbox  ThisView.FindViewByIdltAutoCompleteTextViewgtResource.Id.ArticleNrTbox  articles  ArticlesDatabase.GetArticles.ToList var aList  new Listltstringgt foreach var article in articles aList.Addarticle.ArticleNumber    article.Term    var adapter  new ArrayAdapterltstringgtThisView.Context, Resource.Layout.SimpelListItem, aList ArticleNumberTbox.Adapter  adapter  ArticleNumberTbox.ItemSelected  new EventHandlerltAdapterView.ItemSelectedEventArgsgtArticleNumberTboxItemSelected   void ArticleNumberTboxItemSelectedobject sender, AdapterView.ItemSelectedEventArgs e  string selection  ArticleNumberTbox.Text  codepre
Negative 42922 pIn the same was as one can query the information scehema in SQL Server to get a list of all tables and columns for a database, can one get a list of all the reports and the fields they reference in SSRS p  pIs there something akin to an information schema on the reporting server  p  pI have a list of 800 reports for which I need to extract all fields, so I need this automated.  p  pAny help would be appreciated and thanks in advance.  p  pPS  I am a novice SSRS user although I have done advanced VBA and MDX queries within SSRS.  p
Negative 42922 pLets say I want to make the following a DataTemplatep  precodeStackPanel stackPanel  new StackPanel  Button button1  new Button button1.Click  button1Click Button button2  new Button button2.Click  button2Click  stackPanel.Children.Addbutton1 stackPanel.Children.Addbutton2 codepre  pHow can I turn this into DataTemplate I tried creating an instance of DataTemplate class, but I see no method or property that would let me set the stackpanel above as the content of the DataTemplate object.p  pEDIT I am trying to do this in a Windows Store app.p
Negative 42922 pI am new to jquery and cant even assume how deeply this issue can go. When the external page in this case shop.php is loaded into index.php, by Jquery function .load , it falls apart. Many jquery commands and plugins, that are applied to the shop.php page, arent working. This confuses me, because some of js commands and plugins still works. Obviously i cant say that files are not loaded completely, just majority of them are not working.p  pWhen I paste shop.php content into index.php, it works perfect. Also when i add desired js code into shop.php wrapped into script tag, it works as well.p  pI really dont expect from anyone to look deeply into this problem. I just wanna know if this is common issue, and is there simple explanation for it   If not ill seek for some different approach.p  pMy codep  pindex.phpp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt     ltmeta charsetutf8 gt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcssstyle.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcssjqueryui1.10.4.min.cssgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery1.10.2.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjqueryui1.10.4.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsshop.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery.touchcarousel1.2.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery.themepunch.revolution.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsmain.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjsjquery.ddslick.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjstopnavigation.jsgtltscriptgt  ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idtopbargtltphp includetopbar.php gtltdivgt  ltdiv idpageWrapergtltphp includehome.php gtltdivgt    ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  ptopbar.phpp  precodeltdiv idnavgt ltul idnavigationWrapergt     ltligtlta hrefhome.php classmenuLinkgtHomeltagtltligt     ltligtlta href classmenuLinkgtAbout Usltagtltligt     ltligtlta href classmenuLinkgtServicesltagtltligt     ltul classsubmenugt         ltligtasdasdltligt         ltligtasdasdasltligt         ltligtderwerltligt     ltulgt     ltligtlta hrefshop.php classmenuLinkgtShopltagtltligt     ltligtlta href classmenuLinkgtPortfolioltagtltligt     ltligtlta href classmenuLinkgtGalleryltagtltligt     ltligtlta href classmenuLinkgtContact Usltagtltligt ltulgt ltdivgt codepre  pshop.phpp  precodeltdiv idshopgt ltdiv idshopheadergt   ltdiv idshopitemstopgt     ltdiv idproductcatgt            lt bunch of code gt       ltdivgt    ltdivgt  ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pJqueryp  precodedocument.readyfunction  function      a.menuLink.onclick, functione          e.preventDefault         pageWraper.loadthis.href          codepre  pHope this helpsp  pThanks,p  pstrongUpdate strongp  pI addedp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt document.readyfunction     .getScriptjsshop.js     .getScriptjsjquery.touchcarousel1.2.js     .getScriptjsmain.js   ltscriptgt codepre  pon top of shop.php page, dont know how right this is, but its working now.  Only thing that bugs me is if i remove jquery.touchcarousel1.2.js from index.php head, page falls apart. It is like, only working if both of them are loaded p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to make solar system.. and for the first step, I want to make sun looks glowing.p  pTo do this, codeshape  new THREE.BufferGeometrycode and add some attributes. One is codepositioncode and another is codetextureOrdercode.p  pI thought that this codetextureOrdercode can be a index to determine which texture will be used in Fragment Shader, codeiftextureOrder  1.0 use textureAcode something like thatp  pThis codetextureOrdercode is filled with float values 0.0, 1.0, ..., 5.0 specifically. But I cant use this value as I expected. I guess, its only 0.0 be passed.. ..or notp  pAmong those textures, one is shown, Not others. I think its the first one case that codetextureOrder  0.0code.p  pstrong Is it correct way for texturing each vertex with different image If not, how I can do thisstrongp  pAnother problem is.. about the codeglPointSizecode. I want my sun being bigger or smaller by distance but since I declared and set codeglPointSizecode value, its fixed. If I remove codeglPointSizecode, nothings can be seenp  pstrong How can I stop this fixedsize thingstrongp  pHere is my code..p  precodeltscript typexshaderxvertex idvssungt     attribute float textureOrder     varying float tOrder      void main          tOrder  textureOrder         glPointSize  100.0         glPosition  projectionMatrix  modelViewMatrix  vec40.0,0.0,0.0,1.0      ltscriptgt  ltscript typexshaderxfragment idfssun gt     uniform float time     uniform sampler2D tsuncore     uniform sampler2D tsuninnerglow     uniform sampler2D tsunstarlight     uniform sampler2D tsunouterglow     uniform sampler2D tsunshortjetlight     uniform sampler2D tsunlongjetlight     varying float tOrder      vec4 getFC          float ratio  0.01         vec3 vColor  vec31.0, 1.0, 1.0          iftOrder  0.0 return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime  texture2Dtsuncore, glPointCoord         else iftOrder  1.0 return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime  texture2Dtsuninnerglow, glPointCoord         else iftOrder  2.0 return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime  texture2Dtsunstarlight, glPointCoord         else iftOrder  3.0 return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime  texture2Dtsunouterglow, glPointCoord         else iftOrder  4.0 return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime  texture2Dtsunshortjetlight, glPointCoord         else iftOrder  5.0 return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime  texture2Dtsunlongjetlight, glPointCoord         else return vec4vColor, 0.75  0.25  sinratiotime           void main          glFragColor  getFC      ltscriptgt   Constructing  The Solar  shape  new THREE.BufferGeometry     shape.addAttributeposition, new THREE.Float32Attribute6,3     shape.addAttributetextureOrder, new THREE.Int8Attribute6,1      fori0 ilt6 i          shape.attributes.position.setXYZi, 0, 0, 0         shape.attributes.textureOrder.setXi, i       var d  new Date  mater  new THREE.ShaderMaterial     uniforms          time  type f, value 1.0 ,         tsuncore  type t, value THREE.ImageUtils.loadTexturesuncore.png ,         tsuninnerglow  type t, value THREE.ImageUtils.loadTexturesuninnerglow.png ,         tsunstarlight  type t, value THREE.ImageUtils.loadTexturesunstarlight.png ,         tsunouterglow  type t, value THREE.ImageUtils.loadTexturesunouterglow.png ,         tsunshortjetlight  type t, value THREE.ImageUtils.loadTexturesunshortjetlight.png ,         tsunlongjetlight  type t, value THREE.ImageUtils.loadTexturesunlongjetlight.png      ,     vertexShader document.getElementByIdvssun.textContent,     fragmentShader document.getElementByIdfssun.textContent      mater.depthTest  false     mater.vertexColor  true     mater.transparent  true     mater.blending  THREE.AdditiveBlending  sun  new THREE.ParticleSystemshape, mater scene.addsun codepre
Negative 42922 pSo Ive done a lot of research before asking this question. I already know how to use the ifelse and conditional tags to make certain code applicable to only certain pages, BUT, I noticed that there isnt a single guide or questionanswer out there addressing my question on only styling the firstmost recent post in my blogger. The closest I got to finding the solution other than codes that I didnt have the skill to implement, was this one a hrefhttphelplogger.blogspot.ro201401createmagazinestylelayoutforbloggerposts.html relnofollowhttphelplogger.blogspot.ro201401createmagazinestylelayoutforbloggerposts.htmlap  pSample site from that tutorial a hrefhttphelploggertestblog.blogspot.com relnofollowhttphelploggertestblog.blogspot.comap  pThe problem with the above script is that was made to be too automated, and I dont need a postsummary or thumbnail for my other posts Im only trying to change the look for the first post. I love that the first posts width was increased, bordered, colorchanged, and what not.p  pDoes anyone have any ideas on how I might isolate what Im looking for, point me towards the right direction, or even hand me a general container so that I can get on with my lifep
Negative 42922 pI thought I had this before, but I mustve changed a setting or something...p  pBut say I have some code,p  precodenumber  1 number2  2 codepre  pbut now I want an if statement to wrap itp  precodeifflag  number  1 number2  2 codepre  pAfter I place the , is there a setting that will automatically indent those 2 lines in the blockp  precodeifflag    number  1   number2  2  codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pI cant find a way to just trigger select option to just show the dropdown list only. I know how to set a val for select but i just need to show the dropdown. p  pI want to just show the dropdown list, keep it open.p
Negative 42922 pIve never liked the default window switching possibilities in Awesome, so I thought Id implement AltTab behavior that takes history into account and does fancy opacity effects. When AltTab is pressed, the entire history is recorded in a table, and appended to that history are the minimized windows within the same tag. When this table is generated, I instantiate a keygrabber that captures Tabpress events to switch to the next client in the table and Altrelease events to abort entirely. A flag keeps track of whether the user is in the process of Alttabbing, to prevent the table from being generated over and over again.p  pThe code its a lot and you probably dont need to see it, but my experience tells me that when I dont post all the code, people will ask for it eventuallyp  precodealtTabbing  false altTabIndex  1 altTabHistory   clientOpacities    function altTabSetOpacitiesrestore    for i,c in pairsaltTabHistory do       if not restore and i  altTabIndex then          c.opacity  0.5       else          c.opacity  clientOpacities[i]       end    end end   function myAltTab      First check if the user is already alttabbing, in which case the history     should NOT be updated. If the user has just pressed alttab, generate a new      historytable     if not altTabbing then  generate historytable         Clear Tables       for i in pairsaltTabHistory do altTabHistory[i]  nil end       for i in pairsclientOpacities do clientOpacities[i]  nil end         Get focus history for current tag       local s  mouse.screen       local idx  0       local c  awful.client.focus.history.gets, idx        while c do          table.insertaltTabHistory, c          table.insertclientOpacities, c.opacity           idx  idx  1          c  awful.client.focus.history.gets, idx       end         Minimized clients will not appear in the focus history        Find them by cycling through all clients, and adding them to the list        if not already there.        This will preserve the history AND enable you to focus on minimized clients        local t  awful.tag.selecteds       local all  client.gets        for i  1, all do          local c  all[i]          local ctags  ctags            check if the client is on the current tag          local isCurrentTag  false          for j  1, ctags do             if t  ctags[j] then                isCurrentTag  true                break             end          end           if isCurrentTag then              check if client is already in the history              if not, add it             local addToHistory  true             for k  1, altTabHistory do                if altTabHistory[k]  c then                   addToHistory  false                   break                end             end              if addToHistory then                table.insertaltTabHistory, c                table.insertclientOpacities, c.opacity             end          end       end         reset current index and flag       altTabIndex  1       altTabbing  true         Now that we have collected all windows, we should run a keygrabber        as long as the user is alttabbing       keygrabber.run          function mod, key, event                Stop alttabbing when the altkey is released             if key  AltL and event  release then                altTabbing  false                altTabSetOpacitiestrue                c  altTabHistory[altTabIndex]                client.focus  c                                  craise                   return false  stop keygrabber             end               Move to next client on each Tabpress             if key  Tab and event  press then                myAltTab                return true  keep going             end              return true  keep going          end            end  if not altTabbing      at this point, the user is alttabbing, so we should raise     the next client in the historytable    if altTabHistory lt 2 then return end      Switch to next client    altTabIndex  altTabIndex  1    if altTabIndex gt altTabHistory then       altTabIndex  1  wrap around    end      focus on current client    local c  altTabHistory[altTabIndex]    c.minimized  false    craise      make current client stand out    altTabSetOpacitiesfalse end codepre  pI realize theres a lot of code, but the main thing is the keygrabber. For still unknown reasons, Awesome sometimes crashes while Im AltTabbing using this approach. I want to replace the keygrabber by connecting signals to the Alt and Tab keys, and disconnecting them as soon as the user is done. However, Im not able to do this for some reason.p  pI instantiate a new keyobject like thisp  precodelocal altkey  awful.key, AltL[1] codepre  pI found out by trial and error that codeawful.keycode actually returns a table of which I could querie the first element for codekeycode, codekeysymcode etc, hence the code[1]code. However, when I try to connect a signal to this object, the LUA interpreter complains and tells me its a nil object. So my question is am I doing the right thing here Is it even possible to replace the keygrabber in the way I intend to p
Negative 42922 pI thought that this one would be easy to find on net but seems its not.p  pI want to know the distance between 2 consecutive longitudes at a given latitude value. That is to measure with a rope keeping it parallel to equator. I can calculate it by simple geometry assuming earth to be  a proper sphere. But will that assumption be acceptablePlease give an idea about the  error margin in that assumption. Or, p  pPlease let me know a mathematical formula or a JavaAndroid code  to calculate it.p  pThanks.p  pEDIT Thanks for your responses, it seems to have erupted a mini storm . Please read my comment to David below for clarityp  pEDIT2 The debate is will the great circle distance found by haversine formula and the rope distance be the same According to me it should be. As the great circle distance is the shortest distance between to 2 points, and in the case of rope distance i restrict myself to move along the same latitude from one point to another, which I think is the shortest distance. Isnt itp  pEDIT3 I was wrong. After visualizing it a bit I realize that the great circle distance will not be the same as the longitudinal separation at a latitude rope distance. Both would be same only if the latitude happens to be the equator. What David has been saying. So yes no correct answers yet. For my case I would assume the earth to be a sphere, I would accept Launes answer in some time as heshe has partially answered my question. Still would be really keen to know if there is way to get a correct calculation.Also, please go through the link given by Byzantine Failure wats with the name It talks about how to create a stored procedure and and query for such problems, really helpful Thanks for all your responsesp
Negative 42922 pIm working on getting a Vagrant setup running for the first time on a Windows 8.1 machine. Ive been pouring over all the documentation to understand how it all works. I used puphpet to help me configure a Ubuntu 14 LAMP development box to use.p  pMy confusion is around how the synced folders are setup. It seems that the synced folders on install, always create a new default and html folder in whatever local directory I specify in my puphpet setup. I then have to put any code files I want to run in the default folder.p  pFor example host folder .www ends up having wwwdefault and wwwhtml in it after Vagrant up. Why is this occurring I left the remote folder to the default varwww.p  pMy ideal setup was to have a Vagrant box folder setup on my machine, and then have my code project reside in the same directory as the Vagrant box files. However, it seems that I can only put the code project in the default directory that Vagrant creates.p  pI cant find any mention of this in the documentation. Is this normal behaviour for this to be happening If not, how can I get around this so that I can keep the code in whatever directory that I wantp  pHeres the relevant code from the puphpet config file syncedfolderp  pre             Rh7fCuil7xE4                 source .www                 target varwww                 synctype default                 rsync                     args z                     exclude .vagrant                     auto false pre
Negative 42922 pIm implementing a Test automation tool and I have a class which extends codeInstrumentationTestCasecode. For examplep  precodepublic class BaseTests extends InstrumentationTestCase       Override     protected void setUp throws Exception          super.setUp         Log.dTAG, setUp           Override     protected void tearDown throws Exception          super.tearDown         Log.dTAG, tearDown           public void testone          Log.dTAG, testone           public void testtwo          Log.dTAG, testtwo       codepre  pWhen I run the tests of codeBaseTestscode, the setUp method is called 2 times. One time before executing codetestonecode and another after codetesttwocode. The same happens with the tearDown, it is called after executing each of both two methods.p  pWhat I would like to do here is to call setUp and tearDown methods only one time for the execution of all codeBaseTestscode tests. So the order of the method call would be likep  p1 setUpp  p2 testonep  p3 testtwop  p4 tearDownp  pIs there a way to do such thingp
Negative 42922 pIm building a single page application using angular and clojure. Currently, a user registers their account and logs in by providing and submitting their credentials through a form in an html template. Clojure then checks to see if their password matches the encrypted copy in the database and returns a json object containing their username, firstlast names, role, and some other information. The entire front end is angular, and as such, there is one main routep  precodedefroutes main   GET  [] layoutmaster codepre  pThe application makes various requests to service routes for other functionalityp  precodedefroutes service   GET apiprivate params params httpjsonresponse 200 success true message it worked   GET apievenprivater params params httpjsonresponse 200 success true message it really worked codepre  pCurrently, there is no security on those routes. What i would like, is to use codefriendauthenticatecode to protect those service routes, however, I cannot seem to find a workflow that works for me nor can I can find any documentation regarding using cemerickfriend for a single page application.p  pIdeally, a user would log in, and then be able to make requests to the secured routes. If they are not authenticated, they would simply receive 401 responses. Upon successful login, the user would receive an http 200 with some relevant user information.p  pI have thoroughly read through the a hrefhttpsgithub.comcemerickfriendblobmastersrccemerickfriendworkflows.clj relnofollowworkflowsa code, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20273190usefriendforauthenticationandauthorisationinasinglepageclojurewebappthis stackoverflow posta as well as a hrefhttpsgithub.comcemerickfriendissues83 relnofollowthis issue solutiona, but still cannot wrap my head around what I need to do. The demos found a hrefhttpfrienddemo.herokuapp.com relnofollowherea helped me understand what friend can do, but I am finding it difficult to apply what Ive learned from them.p  pIdeally, I would like to put the app together something like this p  precodedef securedservice   friendauthenticate    routesservice    credentialfn acredentialfunction     unauthenticatedhandler status 401 body Unauthenticated     workflows [workflowsaspaworkflow]  def app middlewareapphandler                   [routesmain routespublic securedservice routesapp]                   middleware []                   formats [jsonkw edn] codepre  pWith authentication handled by a route that uses codemakeauthcodep  precodedefroutes public   POST apilogin params params workflowsmakeauth userrecord ... codepre  pDoes anyone know about some documentation regarding this issue that could help me Or, better yet, any ideas on how to accomplish thisp
Negative 42922 pHere is the HTMLp  precode              ltfieldsetgt                 ltlegendgtFieldsetNameltlegendgt                 ltdivgtltdivgt               ltfieldsetgt codepre  pHere is the CSSp  precodelegendfocus    backgroundcolor ffddbe   outline none   legend.focusin    backgroundcolor ffddbe   outline none   codepre  pClicking on it doesnt do anything.p  pOK, I thought, Ill go with jQuery.p  precodelegend.focusin function      this.addClassfocusin       legend.focusout function      this.removeClassfocusin  codepre  pIt doesnt help either. However, if legend listens to click, it does what it is supposed to do. What givesp
Negative 42922 precodeCode       var getImageFromUrl  functionurl, callback        var img  new Image        img.onError  function          alertCannot load image url              img.onload  function          callbackimg              img.src  url       getImageFromUrlsomurl, Nextline LINE1should come here  after callbackimg codepre  pI wanted that after img.onload function the compiler will run code in line1p
Negative 42922 pI dont know how insert a event in a calendar. In my website, you can login with google, and then you can insert a event in YOUR calendar, but as explained in Google Calendar API, I need send my ClientID and my ClientSecret and I want use your ID. I dont know how build a service.p  precodepublic void setUp throws IOException  HttpTransport httpTransport  new NetHttpTransport JacksonFactory jsonFactory  new JacksonFactory   The clientId and clientSecret can be found in Google Developers Console String clientId  YOURCLIENTID String clientSecret  YOURCLIENTSECRET   Or your redirect URL for web based applications. String redirectUrl  urnietfwgoauth2.0oob String scope  httpswww.googleapis.comauthcalendar   Step 1 Authorize gt String authorizationUrl  new GoogleAuthorizationRequestUrlclientId, redirectUrl, scope     .build   Point or redirect your user to the authorizationUrl. System.out.printlnGo to the following link in your browser System.out.printlnauthorizationUrl   Read the authorization code from the standard input stream. BufferedReader in  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderSystem.in System.out.printlnWhat is the authorization code String code  in.readLine  End of Step 1 lt   Step 2 Exchange gt AccessTokenResponse response  new GoogleAuthorizationCodeGranthttpTransport, jsonFactory,     clientId, clientSecret, code, redirectUrl.execute  End of Step 2 lt  GoogleAccessProtectedResource accessProtectedResource  new GoogleAccessProtectedResource     response.accessToken, httpTransport, jsonFactory, clientId, clientSecret,     response.refreshToken  Calendar service  new CalendarhttpTransport, accessProtectedResource, jsonFactory service.setApplicationNameYOURAPPLICATIONNAME codepre  pThanks so muchp
Negative 42922 pI need to take a source presentation that contains 40 unique slides, and make several presentations by means of exporting select slides into a new file.  I need to copy them exactly, including slide master, etc.p  pEach presentation I need to make by month, would not change in file name. They would be saved as the same consistent file name, in the same directory, replacing the existing.p  pEach presentation has a different recipe so to speak.  The recipes will NEVER change. So I could in theory make a sub for each recipe, as slide  will never deviate from the original file.  p  pPresentation 1 might be for example, slides 3, 7, 14, 24, 27, 8. The slides need to be in the order stated, or by means of selection.p  pPresentation 2 might be slides 1, 3, 5, 24, 8, 12, 40p  pSo forth and so onp  pThe end result can be strictly PowerPoint, or could be PDF whatever makes most sense as all altering would be done in the original file.p  pThere are 6 recipes I have identified so far.p  pI need to make sure the master and all graphicsdata transfer as they appear in the source to the new file.  I need the new presentations to save in a directory or if possible, upload to a specific Sharepoint library.  Each will have its own file name.p  pI have played with code by which to export based on odd and even pages, but have never selected individual pages, nor have I done it needing them to transfer in an order not chronological, rather by selection. When running the macro, the slide master properties do not transpose.p  pBasically I need to copy this macro into about 25 different unique presentations, to later make up to 6 files per presentation.p
Negative 42922 pIve got an angular app that needs to load app config data from some JSON, this is wrapped up in a service, which gets injected into controllers. The problem is that I need the controllers to wait until the json has been successfully loaded. In other words, load it synchronously. I want to make a request for this json file and have the app do emnothingem until we get it back. I dont know what the proper angular way to do this is, suggestionsp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to follow the instructions here, but only accept dragged files in a specific codeListViewcode as opposed to the whole form a hrefhttpdelphidabbler.comarticlesarticle11 relnofollowhttpdelphidabbler.comarticlesarticle11ap  pI have this in the codeFormCreatecode procedurep  precode  DragAcceptFilesCustomAppsListView.Handle, True codepre  pThis in the private declarationsp  precodeprocedure WMDropFilesvar Msg TWMDropFiles message WMDROPFILES codepre  pAnd basically the exact same code for the codeWMDropFilescode example, with some DebugStringsp  precodeprocedure TMainFrm.WMDropFilesvar Msg TWMDropFiles var   DropH HDROP                drop handle   DroppedFileCount Integer   number of files dropped   FileNameLength Integer     length of a dropped file name   FileName string            a dropped file name   I Integer                  loops thru all dropped files   DropPoint TPoint           point where files dropped begin   inherited    Store drop handle from the message   DropH  Msg.Drop   try         OutputDebugStringPCharEntered Try      Get count of files dropped     DroppedFileCount  DragQueryFileDropH, FFFFFFFF, nil, 0      Get name of each file dropped and process it     for I  0 to PredDroppedFileCount do     begin        get length of file name       FileNameLength  DragQueryFileDropH, I, nil, 0        create string large enough to store file        Delphi allows for 0 terminating character automatically       SetLengthFileName, FileNameLength        get the file name         OutputDebugStringPCharFileName       DragQueryFileDropH, I, PCharFileName, FileNameLength  1        process file name application specific        ... processing code here     end      Optional Get point at which files were dropped     DragQueryPointDropH, DropPoint      ... do something with drop point here   finally      Tidy up  release the drop handle      dont use DropH again after this     DragFinishDropH   end    Note we handled message   Msg.Result  0 end codepre  pWhen I drag a file over, I see the cursor switch to the drag accept cursor, but when I drop Im not seeing any file names come out. In fact, I dont think Im entering this message handling block of code at all. Is there something else I need to do or add, maybe to the codeListViewcode itself to get this to firep
Negative 42922 pI have a class that reads some data form a file and then decodes that data.p  pI am trying to do the class as generic as possible, i.e. I want it to be able to decode any type of data.p  pThe decoder itself is a generic interface.p  pI see 2 optionsp  ol lipInjection  Get the correct decoder as a parameter in the costructorp  pMyReaderDecoderlt T decoder      decoder  decoder pli lipInheritance  provide a virtual method that will return the correct decoderp  pMyReader virtual Decoderlt T GetDecoder0p  pUsers of my class would simply need to inherit that class and implement only GetDecoder.  pli ol  pThe injection solution helps you reduce the number of classes used, while making the user know about the specific encoder.p  pThe inheritance will require many classes, but encapsulates the usage of encoders.p  pWhat considered to be a better approachp
Negative 42922 pI would like to know if there is a default approach to get a copy of a object of a derived class.p  pMy class structure looks like thisp  precode gt A lt                                     B1        B2       B3 codepre  pHereby, A is an abstract base class, which has a private B member child. Now, I would like to define the following method in Ap  precodevoid setchildconst Aamp newchild       if child  nullptr          delete child       Now I want a to create a copy of newchild       of the most specific derived class,       without explicitly dispatching on its type.       child          I think, child  new Achild does not work  codepre  pWhat would be the most canonical way to do this I thought about defining a virtual clone method in each derived class, so that I could writep  precodechild  newchild.clone codepre  pbut then I have to touch every derived class.p  pI would be glad for your recommendations.p  pThank you, Svenp
Negative 42922 pI have a public UDT, and wanted to use it as parameter in a Public Sub in a normal Module. I then get a compile errorp  blockquote   pOnly public user defined types defined in public object modules can be used as parameters or return type for public procedures of class modules or as fields of public user defined types.p blockquote  pI dont know really understand it, the UDT and sub are public.p  pHere is the UDT I defined.p  precodePublic Type perf     retailer As String     sale As Integer     cateDiscrip As String     prodCode As String     forecast As Integer     score As Double End Type codepre  pBasically, I wanted to store a tablewith retailer,category description, product code etc. into an array and then sorted them by retailer, for the same retailer, sorted by category.  I copied them from another sheet and then pasted them into the current workbook data sheet. Then, I defined a public UDT and stored them in an array. p  precodePublic Sub getlist      Dim highvol As perf     Dim lowvol As perf     Dim oneArr As perf     Dim i As Integer     Dim s As Integer      Set ws  Application.Worksheetsdata      find the number of retailers, redimension the array, and fill them with     the data in the lists      With ws.RangeA2         nRetailer  ws.Range.Offset1, 0, .EndxlDown.Rows.Count         ReDim highvolnRetailer     End With      For isale  2 To nRetailer           If ws.RangeM1.Cellsisale gt 10 Then               n  n  1           Else               m  m  1           End If      Next      ReDim highvoln     ReDim lowvolm     ReDim oneArrnRetailer      nsale  0     msale  0  isale is the current row, nsale is the size of highvol sales.      For isale  2 To nRetailer         If ws.RangeM1.Cellsisale gt 10 Then             nsale  nsale  1             highvolnsale.sale  ws.Cellsisale, 13             highvolnsale.forecast  Strws.RangeN1.Cellsisale             highvolnsale.retailer  ws.RangeA1.Cellsisale             highvolnsale.cateDiscrip  ws.RangeB1.Cellsisale             highvolnsale.prodCode  ws.RangeC1.Cellsisale             highvolnsale.score  Str1  AbsPerErrws.RangeM1.Cellsisale, ws.RangeN1.Cellsisale  100         Else             msale  msale  1             lowvolmsale.sale  Strws.RangeM1.Cellsisale             lowvolmsale.forecast  Strws.RangeN1.Cellsisale             lowvolmsale.retailer  ws.RangeA1.Cellsisale             lowvolmsale.cateDiscrip  ws.RangeB1.Cellsisale             lowvolmsale.prodCode  ws.RangeC1.Cellsisale             lowvolmsale.score  Str1  AbsPerErrws.RangeM1.Cellsisale, ws.RangeN1.Cellsisale  100         End If     Next codepre  pAfter that, I had two functions for filter and compare, passed the data into one array. p  precode    For i  1 To nsale         oneArri  highvoli     Next      For s  1 To msale         oneArrnsale  s  lowvols     Next      Dim result1 As perf     Dim result2 As perf      filter oneArr, AED, 1, result1     filter result1, RhinoBulk1, 2, result2  End Sub codepre  pthis is where I get the error strongemfilter oneArremstrong. If someone could help me thatd be really appreciate.  p
Negative 42922 pIm confused by these three different ways to specify a controller.p  p1 I can have an include in the appindex.html filep  precode  ltscript srcscriptscontrollernav.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  p2 I can have an attribute in a routep  precode  .whenlinklist,      templateUrl viewlist.html,     controller navController    codepre  p3 I can have an attribute in a viewp  precode  ngcontrollernavController codepre  pIts quite a few. I wonder which way to go and when.p  pKind Regards,p  pStephane Eybertp
Negative 42922 pI would like to be able to strongsend emails in command line and in bash scriptsstrong e.g., to get notifications about running simulations on my computer. There are apparently different options to do that, but all seem to rely on postfix. However, as far as I understand it, postfix is a full email client to send and receive emails. In my case, I am just interested in sending emails.p  pI am particularly worrying about strongsecurity issuesstrong and I dont want to open any doors on my system by installing one of these programs.p  pAny advice on how to configure postfix to only allow outgoing emails and to block anything else to avoid any threats Or any other ideas to send emails securelyp  pMany thanks for your helpp  pPS Running Ubuntu 14.04.01 LTS.p
Negative 42922 pI searched for answers to these questions but could not find the answer. We are a social group nonprofit, noncharitable that would like to set up registration and payment for events we sponsor via our website. Our website does not have an SSL certificate however, and from what Ive been reading, the redirect URL needs to be a HTTPS url. Are there other options for websites without SSL certificatesp  pAlso, we have a PayPal account set up for our group to receive monies, do we need to set this up as a business or merchant account to be able to receive payments If so, which one I am not sure I understand the differences between the two.p  pAny help or advice is greatly appreciated.p  pThank you.p
Negative 42922 pI would like to integrate a Facebook like button on my website but when I put the code, nothing appears on my web site.p  pThis is my codedivcode tag p  precodeltdiv classfblike datahrefhttpswww.facebook.comrainbow.2014.controle.parental datalayoutstandard dataactionlike datashowfacestrue datasharetruegtltdivgt codepre  pI put in in codeltbodygtcode tag ... Thanks for your help.p
Negative 42922 pI have 3 dependent models and my projectp  precodepublic class EditPaymentMethodModel      public PaymentMethodViewData PaymentViewData  get set      public BillingAddressModel BillingAddresses  get set      public CspacModel NewBillingAddress  get set    public class PaymentMethodViewData       public int PaymentMethodId  get set    public class CreditCardViewData  PaymentMethodViewData       public string CardNumber  get set       ....      ....      ....      [ViagogoCpfCnpjCardNoProperty  CardNumber]      public string CpfOrCnpj  get set   codepre  ol listrongPaymentMethodViewDatastrong is the parent of all payment methods.li listrongCreditCardViewDatastrong is inherited by PaymentMethodViewModel.li listrongEditPaymentMethodModelstrong is my views model.li ol  pPaymentMethodViewData actually does not have any CreditCardViewData, however we have payment method handler and it is adding creditcardviewdata to paymentmethodviewdata after this linep  precodevar paymentMethodViewData  PaymentMethodHandler.GetPaymentMethodDatapayment, userId codepre  pfinally I have a view and its model is EditPaymentMethodModelp  precodemodel Viagogo.Mvc.OM.Pipeline.BuyPipeline.EditPaymentMethodModel codepre  pstrongWhat I want to do is, if payment type is credit card I just want to do is line below, however currently it gives an error and I could not figure it outstrong p  precodeHtml.TextBoxForm gt m.PaymentViewData.CreditCardViewData.CpfOrCnpj codepre  pEDIT 1  ERROR IS AT RUNTIMEp
Negative 42922 pi have 2 times in calendarp  precode    Calendar orarioP1  new GregorianCalendar2014, 3, 28, 8, 30, 00     Calendar orarioA1  new GregorianCalendar2014, 3, 28, 12, 35, 06   codepre  pI implemented this function for get the time difference but it return me 1hour difference. Who can help me I need to return the correct difference 40506 but now it return me 50506p  precode    public String getTimeDiff       SimpleDateFormat sdf  new SimpleDateFormathmmss     long milliSec1  orarioP1.getTimeInMillis     long milliSec2  orarioA1.getTimeInMillis      long timeDifInMilliSec     ifmilliSec1 gt milliSec2          timeDifInMilliSec  milliSec1  milliSec2      else          timeDifInMilliSec  milliSec2  milliSec1           long timeDifSeconds  timeDifInMilliSec  1000     long timeDifMinutes  timeDifInMilliSec  60  1000     long timeDifHours  timeDifInMilliSec  60  60  1000     long timeDifDays  timeDifInMilliSec  24  60  60  1000      Date date  new DatetimeDifSeconds     String difference  sdf.formatdate      return difference  codepre
Negative 42922 pcurrently I am writing my master thesis and got a little problem in C. Under certain conditions, I have to restart the ntp daemon, therefore I callp  precodesystemservice ntp restart codepre  pBut after this ntp is not listening on port 123, but rather 8377 and 8378. This port belong to an udp channel, which is used in the Cprog.p  pDoes anyone got an idea for this malicious behaviour p  pThanks p
Negative 42922 pI want to ask you, is it a good idea to use jQuerys codeappendcode method and other similar methods like codeprependcode, coderemovecode for DOM manipulations to make the website responsive How does it affect performancep  h1Exampleh1  pI have a menu very big multilevel menu with hundreds of links which is displayed at the top of the page on desktop. But it needs to be displayed in completely different place on mobile devices.p  h2Solution 1h2  pProbably the simplest way to achieve this would be to include the menu more than once and just hide one menu with codedisplay nonecode and show the other one with codedisplay blockcode using strongCSS media queriesstrongp  precodeltdiv idmenudesktopcontainergt     ltdiv classmenugt...ltdivgt ltdivgt  lt ...Heres some other HTML between both positions of the menus gt  ltdiv idmenumobilecontainergt     ltdiv classmenugt...ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pHeres the CSS for this p  precodemenudesktopcontainer  display block  menumobilecontainer  display none   media only screen and maxwidth 768px      menudesktopcontainer  display none      menumobilecontainer  display block   codepre  pBut it has many drawbacks. E.g. the menu is really big so including it twice will make the page almost two times bigger. This will affect performance and increase load time especially on mobile devices with slower connection. Also, its probably very bad for SEO, all links are duplicated.p  h2Solution 2h2  pOther solution is to include the menu only once, and move it to proper container with jQuerys codeappendcode method. Heres the HTML markup now its much simpler as the menu is not duplicatedp  precodeltdiv idmenudesktopcontainergt     ltdiv idmenugt...ltdivgt ltdivgt  lt ...Heres some other HTML between both positions of the menus gt  ltdiv idmenumobilecontainergtltdivgt codepre  pThen if the screen is narrow, I can move the menu to the mobile container using jQueryp  precodemenumobilecontainer.append menu  codepre  pAnd if the screen is wide, I can move the menu back to the default desktop containerp  precodemenudesktopcontainer.append menu  codepre  pI like the solution with codeappendcode method much more, but I have some concernsp  h2Questionsh2  ol liHow does it affect performanceli liWill it work correct on mobile devicesli liWill it work in all browsersli liWill it work in old versions of Internet Explorerli liAre there any other drawbacks which I should be aware of before I start using this methodli ol
Negative 42922 pIn my MVC3 solution, I have made some changes and when I go to debug after a rebuild, I get the error p  precodeCould not load file or assembly System.Web.WebPages.Razor, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified. codepre  pDoing a recursive GET fixes this, until I rebuild again, to see my changes, then the solution breaks with the same error. I havent changed any of the web.config files and it is only c code that is checked out. p  pIf the assembly was not correct, then the recursive GET would still break the solution, surely Im not sure whats going wrongp  pStack tracep  precode[FileNotFoundException Could not load file or assembly System.Web.WebPages.Razor, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified.]    System.Web.Mvc.PreApplicationStartCode.Start 0  [InvalidOperationException The preapplication start initialization method Start on type System.Web.Mvc.PreApplicationStartCode threw an exception with the following error message Could not load file or assembly System.Web.WebPages.Razor, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified..]    System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.InvokePreStartInitMethodsCoreICollection1 methods, Func1 setHostingEnvironmentCultures 556    System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.InvokePreStartInitMethodsICollection1 methods 132    System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.CallPreStartInitMethodsString preStartInitListPath, Booleanamp isRefAssemblyLoaded 102    System.Web.Compilation.BuildManager.ExecutePreAppStart 153    System.Web.Hosting.HostingEnvironment.InitializeApplicationManager appManager, IApplicationHost appHost, IConfigMapPathFactory configMapPathFactory, HostingEnvironmentParameters hostingParameters, PolicyLevel policyLevel, Exception appDomainCreationException 516  [HttpException 0x80004005 The preapplication start initialization method Start on type System.Web.Mvc.PreApplicationStartCode threw an exception with the following error message Could not load file or assembly System.Web.WebPages.Razor, Version1.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified..]    System.Web.HttpRuntime.FirstRequestInitHttpContext context 9885060    System.Web.HttpRuntime.EnsureFirstRequestInitHttpContext context 101    System.Web.HttpRuntime.ProcessRequestNotificationPrivateIIS7WorkerRequest wr, HttpContext context 254 codepre
Negative 42922 pIn my website, I have a search box with a button. an auto suggest box will appear when search in the box. I added keyup event on js for move the selection up and down. And on enter press, go to a js file for the ajax call. The same thing i wrote for codeclickcode event too. But when I select a list item using codeup or down keycode and press codeenter keycode, it automatically refresh the page with an additional codecode in the codeurlcode. I am using codeProgressive  Responsive Multipurpose HTML Templatecode. Dont know whether it is an inbuilt code in it. p  pmy html isp  precodeltform namesearchformgt         ltinput classsearchstring formcontrol typetext placeholderSearch here name idnavSearchInput autocompleteoffgt             ltbutton classsearchsubmit idsearchsubmitgt         ltsvg xmlnshttpwww.w3.org2000svg xmlnsxlinkhttpwww.w3.org1999xlink x0px y0px width16px height16px viewBox0 0 16 16 enablebackgroundnew 0 0 16 16 xmlspacepreservegt           ltpath fill231F20 dM12.001,10l0.5,0.5l0.790.79c0.8061.021,1.292.308,1.293.71c03.3132.687666C2.687,0,0,2.687,0,6           s2.687,6,6,6c1.402,0,2.6880.484,3.711.29l0.79,0.79l0.5,0.5l4,4l22L12.001,10z M6,10c2.206,041.79444s1.7944,44           s4,1.794,4,4S8.206,10,6,10zgtltpathgt         ltsvggt       ltbuttongt     ltformgt codepre  pand java script code isp  precodenavSearchInput.keyupTriggerSearch  function TriggerSearche      var searchstring  encodeURIComponentnavSearchInput.val     e  e  window.event     var keycode     if window.event          keycode  e.which  window.event.which  window.event.keyCode          var key  e.which     switch key      case 38         break     case 40         break     case 13         e.preventDefault         searchproduct         break     default         if searchstring           default code         function searchproducte  code goes here  codepre  pWhat is the problem with it Please help...p
Negative 42922 pquestion is my method of converting a numpy array of numbers to a numpy array of strings with specific number of decimal places AND trailing zeros removed the best way  p  precodeimport numpy as np x  np.array[1.12345, 1.2, 0.1, 0, 1.230000] print np.core.defchararray.rstripnp.char.mod.4f, x, 0 codepre  poutputsp  precode[1.1235 1.2 0.1 0. 1.23] codepre  pwhich is the desired result. I am OK with the rounding issuep  pBoth of the functions rstrip and mod are numpy functions which means this is fast but is there a way to accomplish this with ONE built in numpy function  ie. does mod have an option that I couldnt find  It would save the overhead of returning copies twice which for very large arrays is slowish.p  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pOur application deployed in mule server has credentials in properties file that are used to access Database and other cloud. We have to do some change in properties file. I would like to know whether this will require a redeployment of the running application or it would be sufficient to restart the application from  mule managent console or a server restart may be required.p  pAny suggestion would greatly help.p  pThank you in advancep
Negative 42922 pa few weeks ago i have started learning python.p  pNow i have started to create a program to create a dictionary, add an item1 as a string, add an item2 wich consists of numbers and save it after that. But it is not working the way i want it to. It seems like the saving is not working properly it seems to be overwriting the existing items.p  pBefore posting this, i have thoroughly searched here on Stackoverflow to find a solution, but i cant get it to work.p  pHere is my codep  precodeimport pickle import os   if not os.path.exists Cpath        os.makedirs Cpath           dict   dict  pickle.load open dict.txt, rb    def adddictitem      for item in dict          if not item in dict             dict.updateitem1  item2             print thx             print dict             print added          if item in dict             printitem already exists.          return      return    item1  inputinsert Item1  item1  item1.lower item2  inputinsert item2    pickle.dumpdict, openCpathdict.txt, wb codepre  pI hope this is not a too specific case.p  pedit I have edited my code, to make it less specific and made two mistakes which are fixed now.p  precodeimport pickle import os  if not os.path.exists Cpath      os.makedirs Cpath   dict   item1  inputinsert item1  item1  buch.lower item2  inputinsert item2  dict.updateitem1 item2 printthx printdict printadded pickle.dumpdict, openCpathdict.txt, wb codepre  pthis was the code without the function.p
Negative 42922 pI was wondering if there are any PrestaShop users out there that have a good git workflow between local and production.p  pI would like to know if anyone has tips for log files, etc etcp  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p  pCheersp
Negative 42922 precodeltdiv classcontainergt     ltdiv classcompaniesgt         lth3gtParteners amp38 Sponsorlth3gt         ltpgtHere is a quick view at the companies that we trust and help us.ltpgt         ltdiv classsponsorgt             ltdiv classsp colmd4gtlta hrefgtltimg srcimgsponsorsbt.pnggtltagtltdivgt             ltdiv classsp colmd4gtlta hrefgtltimg srcimgsponsorsbt.pnggtltagtltdivgt             ltdiv classsp colmd4gtlta hrefgtltimg srcimgsponsorsbt.pnggtltagtltdivgt        ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt lt end of Parteners amp Sponsors section gt   .sp      border 1px solid red     display inlineblock   .sponsor      textalign center     border 7px solid green   .companies      border 7px solid yellow  codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comrcQZb.png altImage1p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comY0Aeo.png altImage2p  pAs you can see from the CSS styling I the em.companiesem class has a 7px green border, the em.sponsorem  a 7px yellow border. em.spem has just a red border so that you can see it.p  pThe em.spem should be wrapped in a green container like in the image2 In image2 I dont use the .colmd4 class from bootstrap, instead it is showing like in the image1 where I use the .colmd4. .colmd or other classes from bootstrap work perfectly in other parts of the document.p
Negative 42922 pstronga hrefhttpsqlfiddle.com2574be76 relnofollowFiddle Exampleastrongp  pIm planning on a price alert system to notify users once a product hit lower than their target prices. Some circumstances confine me to store the mainstream and second hand retailers prices in two separate tables. I may not be able to change it in the near future so forgive me if it may complicate the issue. To notify users once a merchants price, whether its mainstream or second hand reaches a users target price zone, I need to insert a record into table codepricealertcode with values codeentryidcode,codeuseridcode ,codemerchantidcode and codelowestpricecode.  Heres my question. Can I insert records into codepricealertcode from table codemainstreamcode and codesecond handcode separately in one statementp  pMy expected output should be like thisp  precodeENTRYID    USERID  MERCHANTID    LOWESTPRICE   Isread 1           1        3              100            0 3           2        1              300            0           Merchant 3 is a second hand store while Merchant 1 is a mainstream store. codepre  pThis code wont work because it can only get the price from the codemainstreamretailerpricecodep  precodeINSERT INTO pricealert entryid,userid,merchantid,lowestprice SELECT u.entryid,mrp.merchantid,u.userid,mrp.price FROM   usertargetprice u   INNER JOIN mainstreamretailerprice mrp   ON u.productid  mrp.productid  INNER JOIN secondhandretailerprice shrp   ON u.productid  shrp.productid WHERE  u.targetlowprice gt mrp.price  OR u.targetlowprice gt shrp.price GROUP BY u.entryid codepre  pCan I do something to the effect ofp  precodeSELECT u.entryid,mrp.merchantid OR shrip.merchantid,u.userid,mrp.price OR shrp.price codepre  pTable Schemap  precodeCREATE TABLE mainstreamretailerprice     id int, merchantid int,productidint,price int   INSERT INTO mainstreamretailerprice     id,merchantid,productid,price VALUES     1,1,1,200,     2,1,2,300,     3,2,1,150   CREATE TABLE secondhandretailerprice     id int, merchantid int,productid int, price int   INSERT INTO secondhandretailerprice     id,merchantid,productid,price VALUES     1,3,1,100,     2,3,2,600    CREATE TABLE usertargetprice     entryid int,userid int, targetlowprice int,productid int   INSERT INTO usertargetprice     entryid,userid,targetlowprice,productid VALUES     1,1,150,1,     2,1,200,2,     3,2,350,2     CREATE TABLE merchant     merchantid int, merchant varchar20   INSERT INTO merchant     merchantid,merchant VALUES     1,First Hand A,     2,First Hand B,     3,Second Hand A      CREATE TABLE pricealert     entryid int, userid int,merchantid int,lowestprice int,isread int  codepre
Negative 42922 pI have the following code to verify that a form only accepts date values in ddmmyyyy format.  However, I get the errorp  blockquote   pInvalid keys text, should be one of text, visible, between, count, maximum, minimum, exact, match, waitp blockquote  pI presume this is caused by codefillin arg2code in my step sefinition, but I cant figure out what is actually wrong.p  pFeature filep  precodeScenario Outline Edit Person Validation   Given I login   And I edit a person   When I enter ltvaluegt as ltfieldgt   Then I should see ltvaliditygt  Scenarios valid  value          field              validity    20052014     personstartdate   success     JA614766C  personnino        success     Scenarios invalid  value          field              validity    05202014     personstartdate   failure      20140520     personstartdate   failure      20142005     personstartdate   failure      20052014     personstartdate   failure      20052014     personstartdate   failure     20052014     personstartdate   failure     20052014     personstartdate   failure     20052014     personstartdate   failure      Today          personstartdate   failure      Tomorrow       personstartdate   failure       2014           personstartdate   failure     March          personstartdate   failure      0520          personstartdate   failure     JH224361    personnino        failure    codepre  pStep definitionp  precodeGiven I login do    login ,  end  Given I edit a person do   visit editpersonpath1682 end  When I enter . as . do arg1,arg2   fillin arg2, with arg1   clickon Save end  Then I should see failure do   expectpage.to havetextdiv, text prohibited end  Then I should see success do   expectpage.to haveselectorh1, text Your People end  def loginusername, password   visit loginpath   user  User.createusername username, password password   fillin usernameoremail, with user.username   fillin loginpassword, with user.password   clickon Log In end codepre
Negative 42922 pI think I have a problem with dependency injection but Im a bit lost.p  pIn my controller Im getting some data from a server and putting it in a scope variable.  In my directive I have a link that contains a watcher on the scope variable and the callback creates the charts and tables. This works fine where I only want to display the charts. The problem I have is when I want to codegenerate a variable amount of tablesbased on the content of the data received and encapsule them in an accordion from bootstrapui. This means I have to call compile at the end of my link. As long as I codegenerated some scope content  var   or a standard angular directive ngrepeat, its works but when I try putting an accordion directive and compile it, I get those errorsp  precodeError [compilectreq] httperrors.angularjs.org1.2.21compilectreqp0accordionGroupampp1accordionTransclude         at Error native         at httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js6450         at L httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js51216         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54244         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47135         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47152         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47152         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47152         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54149         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47135 lta classaccordiontoggle ngclicktoggleOpen accordiontranscludeheadinggt angular.js10023         20140821 163651.433         Error [ngTranscludeorphan] httperrors.angularjs.org1.2.21ngTranscludeorphanp03Cdivlass3D22panelbody2220ngtransclude3D22223E         at Error native         at httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js6450         at xa.link httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js203112         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54208         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47135         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54149         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47135         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47152         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54149         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47135 angular.js10023         20140821 163651.435         Error [ngTranscludeorphan] httperrors.angularjs.org1.2.21ngTranscludeorphanp03Cdivlass3D22panelgroup20ngscope2220ngtransclude3D22223E         at Error native         at httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js6450         at xa.link httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js203112         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54208         at g httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js47135         at httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js46258         at httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js4897         at w httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js51389         at xa.link httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js203129         at M httpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.21angular.min.js54208  codepre  pThose errors appear whenever that directive is present in my element codeadded or in the html template  and I compile the element.p  pI suppose it has something to do with me not injecting angularui but I have no idea how to do it. p  pI created 2 examples where I find a weird behavior in the first scenario without a watch it compiles without any errors but the content is not displayed. In the second one with a watch it gives the same errors I had I suppose its some problem with the scope of the callback but Im a bit lostp  pDoes anyone know what Im doing wrongp  pThanks p  pa hrefhttpplnkr.coedit2vXc6KMZgk5rEkLVOQFAppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coedit2vXc6KMZgk5rEkLVOQFAppreviewap  pa hrefhttpplnkr.coedit7z5V9k4F1uT4HQJPcr01ppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coedit7z5V9k4F1uT4HQJPcr01ppreviewap  pThe examples look like thisp  precodeangular.moduledocsBindExample, [ui.bootstrap] .controllerController, [scope,  functionscope    setTimeoutfunction scope.loop  true scope.apply, 2000  ] .directivetest, [compile,  functioncompile    return        restrict A,       link link       function linkscope, elem, attr        scope.watchloop, function             if scope.loop                console.logscope.loop         scope.loop  false         elem  compileelemscope                 ] codepre
Negative 42922 pIts not that difficult to get an codeangular.jscode directive combined with d3 to workthanks to stackoverflow. But i cant get those arrows to work. The code is taken from an example of M.Bostock.  a hrefhttpbl.ocks.orgmbostock1153292 relnofollowOriginal Examplea I just wanted to put it in a directive and failed. It renders fine when i inspect the DOM i can see the arrows but they wont show up. Does anyone have a clue p  pDirectivep  precodeangular.moduletest.directivemyNodes, [compile, function compile      return          restrict A,         link functionscope, element, attrs               httpblog.thomsonreuters.comindex.phpmobilepatentsuitsgraphicoftheday         var links  [           source Microsoft, target Amazon, type licensing,           source Microsoft, target HTC, type licensing,           source Samsung, target Apple, type suit,           source Motorola, target Apple, type suit,           source Nokia, target Apple, type resolved,           source HTC, target Apple, type suit,           source Kodak, target Apple, type suit,           source Microsoft, target Barnes amp Noble, type suit,           source Microsoft, target Foxconn, type suit,           source Oracle, target Google, type suit,           source Apple, target HTC, type suit,           source Microsoft, target Inventec, type suit,           source Samsung, target Kodak, type resolved,           source LG, target Kodak, type resolved,           source RIM, target Kodak, type suit,           source Sony, target LG, type suit,           source Kodak, target LG, type resolved,           source Apple, target Nokia, type resolved,           source Qualcomm, target Nokia, type resolved,           source Apple, target Motorola, type suit,           source Microsoft, target Motorola, type suit,           source Motorola, target Microsoft, type suit,           source Huawei, target ZTE, type suit,           source Ericsson, target ZTE, type suit,           source Kodak, target Samsung, type resolved,           source Apple, target Samsung, type suit,           source Kodak, target RIM, type suit,           source Nokia, target Qualcomm, type suit         ]         var nodes            Compute the distinct nodes from the links.         links.forEachfunctionlink            link.source  nodes[link.source]  nodes[link.source]  name link.source           link.target  nodes[link.target]  nodes[link.target]  name link.target                  var width  960,             height  500         var force  d3.layout.force             .nodesd3.valuesnodes             .linkslinks             .size[width, height]             .linkDistance60             .charge300             .ontick, tick             .start          var svg  d3.selectelement[0].appendsvg             .attrwidth, width             .attrheight, height          Pertype markers, as they dont inherit styles.         svg.appenddefs.selectAllmarker             .data[suit, licensing, resolved]           .enter.appendmarker             .attrngattrid, functiond  return d              .attrviewBox, 0 5 10 10             .attrrefX, 15             .attrrefY, 1.5             .attrstroke, green             .attrstrokewidth, 2             .attrfill, black             .attrmarkerWidth, 6             .attrmarkerHeight, 6             .attrorient, auto           .appendpath             .attrd, M0,5L10,0L0,5              element.removeAttrmynodes             compileelementscope               markerHeight  3 stroke  green strokewidth  2 fill  none          var path  svg.appendg.selectAllpath             .dataforce.links           .enter.appendpath             .attrclass, functiond  return link   d.type              .attrmarkerend, functiond  return url  d.type                  element.removeAttrmynodes             compileelementscope         var circle  svg.appendg.selectAllcircle             .dataforce.nodes           .enter.appendcircle             .attrr, 6             .callforce.drag               element.removeAttrmynodes             compileelementscope          var text  svg.appendg.selectAlltext             .dataforce.nodes           .enter.appendtext             .attrx, 8             .attry, .31em             .textfunctiond  return d.name              element.removeAttrmynodes             compileelementscope           Use elliptical arc path segments to doublyencode directionality.         function tick            path.attrd, linkArc           circle.attrtransform, transform           text.attrtransform, transform            element.removeAttrmynodes             compileelementscope                   function linkArcd            var dx  d.target.x  d.source.x,               dy  d.target.y  d.source.y,               dr  Math.sqrtdx  dx  dy  dy           return M  d.source.x  ,  d.source.y  A  dr  ,  dr   0 0,1   d.target.x  ,  d.target.y                   function transformd            return translate  d.x  ,  d.y                                      ] codepre  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv mynodesgtltdivgt codepre  pa hrefhttpplnkr.coeditNof5oL5JgOpu3cziQElxppreview relnofollowPlunker Illustrating the Problemap
Negative 42922 pIve got the following structure in my databasep  psharedresources table tags table sharedresourcetag tablep  pThere is a many to many relationship between sharedresources and tags. When I am creating a sharedresource I do the followingp  ol liAdd the sharedresource to the sharedresources tableli liAdd the tags to the tags tableli liAdd the sharedresourceid and the tagid to the sharedresourcetag tableli ol  pI can manage to get through steps 1 and 2 but for some reason I am unable to make any entries to the codepivot tablecode. I dont know why. I set up the relationships in my codemodelscode accordinglyp  pcodeSharedResourcecodep  precodeclass SharedResource extends Eloquent     public function tags         return thisgtbelongsToManyTag       codepre  pcodeTagcodep  precodeclass Tag extends Eloquent     public function sharedResources         return thisgtbelongsToManySharedResource       codepre  pThen when I am creating the entries I do thisp  precode        tags  Array         tags  explode,, Inputgettags         foreachtags as tag             newTag  new Tag             newTaggtname  tag             newTaggtsave                   Pivot table entry         resourcegttagsgtsynctags          resourcegtsave codepre  pThe code above runs into an errorp  precodeSQLSTATE[42S22] Column not found 1054 Unknown column sharedresourceid in where clause SQL select tagid from sharedresourcetag where sharedresourceid is null  codepre  pIm very confused as to whats going on, I understood that codeEloquentcode made implementing these nn relationships easy. p  pAny assistance is much appreciated. p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to get parent node in json object by child it The json i am getting from client is a multilevel directory hierarchy the hierarchy is likep  precodeRoot        Folder1            folder1a            folder1b    folder2    folder3            folder3a codepre  pwhat i want is,  when I put codefolder3acodes id it should give me codefolder3codes id and namep  pstrongHere is the fiddle with actual json objectstrong a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netjftrg9kohttpjsfiddle.netjftrg9koap
Negative 42922 pIm using Oauth2 codeimplicit flowcode to secure Single Page Application amp Rest API. p  pIf you are unfamiliar with oauth2 implicit flow, quick overviewp  pWe are using hidden iframes amp little javascript to get access tokens amp refreshactually getting new token, as long as users are logged in the authorization server it when expires.p  pNow it looks very easy for malicious site to contain the same iframe and just retrieve the access token from the hash fragment if the user is logged in.p  pIve looked at codeXFrameOptionscode they cant prevent redirects and only can prevent from rendering the content inside. But our token is on the url fragment which already arrived to the browser.p  pAs this was our own app we skipped the approval step by the user, granted access token automatically as long as the redirecturi matches amp user logged in. Probably this one is also sacrificing our security one step more.p  pThis looks like an unacceptable security hole, is there any suggestionsp
Negative 42922 phistory.js is working flawlessly on my website, in browsers that support HTML5.  When a URL is clicked, it does an ajax call, and on complete, saves the state to the history.  I fade in the new content with the function updatecontent.p  pon HTML4 browsers, I just want the website to treat the URL as a normal URL and skip the AJAX.   I was hoping history.js has a method or function I can call to detect browser.  Pseudo code below.p  precodedocument.onclick, a[datatypecontent], functionevent        pseudo code     ifHistory.html4   return       event.preventDefault      var href  this.attrhref      .gethref, functiondata            var newdata  data.siblingsmainwrapper.html           update page with the new data         updatecontentnewdata           add an item to the history log         History.pushState html newdata , event.target.textContent, event.target.href         codepre  pI have included ONLY the html5 history.js, so it doesnt attempt to put the  in the URL.  p  pstrongIs there a method or function in history.js that I can use to detect if the current browser is an HTML4 browser, so I know to treat the link as normal  Is there a better way to do thisstrongp  pI dont want to install a plugin like modernizr unless I have to.p
Negative 42922 pi would like to slice a set within a list, but every time i do so, i get an empty list in return.p  pwhat i try to accomplish maybe there is an easier wayp  ul lii got a list of setsli lieach set has 5 itemsli lii would like to compare a new set against the list if the set already exists in the listli lithe first and the last item in the set is irrelevant for the comparison, so only the positions 24 are valid for the search of already existing sets li ul  phere is my codep  precoderesultset  [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]  resultmatrix  []  resultmatrix.appendresultset codepre  pslicing the set is no problemp  precodeprint resultset[14]  [2, 3, 4]  print resultmatrix[][14]  [] codepre  pi would expectp  precode[[2, 3, 4]] codepre
Negative 42922 pHow do i use RMStore to redownload restore an single in app purchase with out redownloading all in app purchasesp  pthe following code will redownload all inapp purchases but this is not practical for cases where multiple inapp purchases with large downloads have been madep  precode[[RMStore defaultStore] restoreTransactionsOnSuccess     NSLogTransactions restored  failureNSError error      NSLogSomething went wrong ] codepre  pid like to do something like p  precode[RMStore defaultStore] restoreTransactionWithIdentifierproductIdentifier] codepre  pIs this possible. how would i do thisp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to complete a SQL INSERT INTO Command using Gridview.p  pI am using codeFindControlcode to capture a textbox on the footer  codeTextBox Tempcol1  TextBoxGridView1.FooterRow.FindControlTBInsertFootercol1codep  pThen bind it to the codeInsertParametercode in codeSqlDataSource1codep  precodeSqlDataSource1.InsertParameters[col1].DefaultValue  Tempcol1.Text codepre  pThen send it to codeSqlDataSource1codep  precodeSqlDataSource1.Insert codepre  paspxp  precode ltaspGridView IDGridView1      runatserver     DataSourceIDSqlDataSource1     AutoGenerateColumnsfalse     DataKeyNamesidt     showfootertruegt     ltColumnsgt         ltaspBoundField DataFieldidt HeaderTextidt Readonlytrue SortExpressionidt gt         ltaspBoundField DataFielddatetime HeaderTextdatetime SortExpressiondatetime gt         ltaspTemplateField SortExpressioncol1 HeaderTextcol1gt                 ltItemTemplategt                     ltaspTextBox IDtxt1 runatserver Textlt Bindcol1 gt gt                 ltItemTemplategt                 ltEditItemTemplategt                     ltasptextbox idcol1TextBox textltBindcol1gt runatserver gt                 ltEditItemTemplategt             ltFooterTemplategt                 ltaspTextBox IDTBInsertFootercol1 runatservergtltaspTextBoxgt             ltFooterTemplategt        ltaspTemplateFieldgt         ltaspTemplateField SortExpressioncol2 HeaderTextcol2gt                 ltItemTemplategt                     ltaspTextBox IDtxt2 runatserver Textlt Bindcol2 gt gt                 ltItemTemplategt                 ltEditItemTemplategt                     ltasptextbox idcol2TextBox textltBindcol2gt runatserver gt                 ltEditItemTemplategt             ltFooterTemplategt                 ltaspTextBox IDTBInsertFootercol2 runatservergtltaspTextBoxgt             ltFooterTemplategt         ltaspTemplateFieldgt         ltaspTemplateField SortExpressioncol3 HeaderTextcol3gt                 ltItemTemplategt                     ltaspTextBox IDtxt3 runatserver Textlt Bindcol3 gt gt                 ltItemTemplategt                 ltEditItemTemplategt                     ltasptextbox idcol3TextBox textltBindcol3gt runatserver gt                 ltEditItemTemplategt             ltFooterTemplategt                 ltaspTextBox IDTBInsertFootercol3 runatservergtltaspTextBoxgt             ltFooterTemplategt         ltaspTemplateFieldgt         ltaspTemplateField HeaderTextRow Totalgt                 ltItemTemplategt                     ltaspTextBox IDtxtrowtot BackColorLightGreen runatserver gt                 ltItemTemplategt             ltFooterTemplategt                 ltaspButton IDbtnInsertInto runatserver TextInsert Into gt             ltFooterTemplategt         ltaspTemplateFieldgt     ltColumnsgt    ltaspGridViewgt ltaspSqlDataSource     idSqlDataSource1     ConnectionStringlt ConnectionStringsTotal gt     SelectCommandSELECT  FROM [test]     InsertCommandINSERT INTO [test] [datetime], [col1], [col2], [col3] VALUES datetime, col1, col2, col3     runatservergt     ltInsertParametersgt         ltaspParameter Namedatetime TypeString gt         ltaspParameter Namecol1 TypeInt32 gt         ltaspParameter Namecol2 TypeInt32 gt         ltaspParameter Namecol3 TypeInt32 gt     ltInsertParametersgt ltaspSqlDataSourcegt codepre  paspx.csp  precode public void btnInsertIntoobject sender, EventArgs e              TextBox Tempcol1  TextBoxGridView1.FooterRow.FindControlTBInsertFootercol1         TextBox Tempcol2  TextBoxGridView1.FooterRow.FindControlTBInsertFootercol2         TextBox Tempcol3  TextBoxGridView1.FooterRow.FindControlTBInsertFootercol3         SqlDataSource1.InsertParameters[datetime].DefaultValue  Convert.ToStringDateTime.Now         SqlDataSource1.InsertParameters[col1].DefaultValue  Tempcol1.Text         SqlDataSource1.InsertParameters[col2].DefaultValue  Tempcol2.Text         SqlDataSource1.InsertParameters[col3].DefaultValue  Tempcol3.Text         SqlDataSource1.Insert         GridView1.DataBind      codepre
Negative 42922 pI created Employees portal web application with Active directory authentication. How  need to make single sign on to it and outlook OWA 2010 p
Negative 42922 pIm new to the python language and Im trying to write a program to solve for a bunch of timedistanceacceleration variables. I know I need some kind of solve function to use in the DtotDaccelerationDconstantDbraking0 line, but I dont know what function to use or what the syntax is for it. Heres my code for one chunk of it, any help would be appreciatedp  precodedef VehicleProfileVi, Fa, Fd, Dtot, Vf, Taccel      Vconstant  ViFa9.81Taccel     Dacceleration  ViTaccel.5Fa9.81Taccel2     Dconstant  VconstantTconstant     Dbraking  Vf2Vconstant22Fd9.81     Tbraking  VfVconstantFd9.81     DtotDaccelerationDconstantDbraking0     return Tconstant, Tbraking codepre  pAlso Im using python 2.7.7p
Negative 42922 pHere is my link which provides the results for foursuqare venues, but when I apply the offset from 0 to 2 and so on.., it provides me the same results in each run.p  pa hrefhttpsapi.foursquare.comv2venuessearchclientid02QKHPZJXGAVG3FIFSTQMBEG4VBLFARBIAZUWKKKJKQYJMN4ampclientsecretCLIENTSECRETampv20140905ampcategoryId4d4b7105d754a06373d81259ampll23.039568000000003,72.56600399999999amplimit2ampoffset0ampradius10000ampv20140905 relnofollowhttpsapi.foursquare.comv2venuessearchclientid02QKHPZJXGAVG3FIFSTQMBEG4VBLFARBIAZUWKKKJKQYJMN4ampclientsecretCLIENTSECRETampv20140905ampcategoryId4d4b7105d754a06373d81259ampll23.039568000000003,72.56600399999999amplimit2ampoffset0ampradius10000ampv20140905ap  pChanging offset doesnt provide different results and provides the same result.p
Negative 42922 pI have discovered a mode in codeeclipse keplercode, where I can instantly change all same variables. When I am in this mode I get a box around the same variables and I can change one and instantly all others change.p  pI do not know how to enter this mode by will, I just entered it randomly. Therefore, I really appreciate your suggestions, how to enter this mode, because it is extremely useful to mep  pPS. I am using NO plugins, just a plain new eclipse installation with javap
Negative 42922 pIm going through the Ruby Koans a hrefhttprubykoans.com relnofollowRuby Koansa and Im at a place in aboutclassmethods.rb where there is a discussion of setting up class methods, and the Koans talk about three ways.p  pThe two major ways to write class methods arep  p1p  precodeclass Demo defineopen class   def self.method end codepre  p2p  precode  class ltlt self     def classmethods     end   end codepre  pThe koans also talk about a third method, Ive never seen that I rememberp  precodedef Demo.classmethodthirdway end codepre  pQ1 This third way is actually clearer to me than any other. Is there a reason I dont understand about why no one uses itp  pQ2 Why am I wrong in thinking the syntax for 2 should be self ltlt def name end That is Why is the syntax the way it is Does the class Object hold a reference to all Classes and this sticks in the method for the self classp  pAs always, thanks for your help and patiencep
Negative 42922 pI want to add a functionality in my app which submits a review of a place on the places google plus account ..p  pAs you might be knowing the format of the google plus page .. It has a button Write a review Which is not a button but a clickable div On pressing this button , a dialogue appears which has a field to write review , It is here i want to actually write the review through the code and press the submit button .p  pPlease help me through this .. How to achieve this thing  p
Negative 42922 pI am using ngrepeat with custom directive but i am getting error .can you please tell me how to remove this error p  phere is my plunker a hrefhttpplnkr.coedituj8b3hL8T6MjoKSZyjscppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coedituj8b3hL8T6MjoKSZyjscppreviewa custom directive  Code goes herep  precodeangular.moduleui.directive,[].directivenewDir,function     return         restrictE,         scope             data         ,         replacetrue,         templateUrlpop.html,         controllerfunctionscope            console.logscope.data         ,          link functionscope,element,attr             element.clickfunction                                 codepre
Negative 42922 pWhere can I find these folders on Mac Sublime Text 3  I succesfully found them on my PC Sublime Text 2 and modified the theme to where now console and  editor are the same background, but I cannot find the   codePackagesTheme  DefaultWidget.sublimesettingscode path on my Mac.  I did notice that the build window was a different color from the main editor on my PC until I updated the configs below, however on my mac and ST3 the build menu automatically is the same console is still not though, whereas it is on the PC postchanges.p  precode      colorscheme PackagesTheme  DefaultWidgets.stTheme,     colorscheme PackagesColor Scheme  DefaultBlackboard.tmTheme  codepre  pThanks for the help, FYI this is the thread I referenced a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10760188howtochangethecoloroftheconsoleinsublimetextHow to change the color of the console in sublime textap
Negative 42922 pIm working with Emgu CV to determine whether or not an area of an image contains some arbitrary shape. Im new to both the Open and Emgu libraries and their communities, and fear am over my head, but here goes.p  pThe images are scanned forms paper documents, where the user circleschecksblarfs a given area. For example, lets say i have a simple paper form which contains one group with three items. The group is gender, and the available choices are male, female, and other. User X writes a check mark through female user Y circles other and user Z draws a nice unicorn next to male. p  pNow, I have examples of forms where no marks exist. I simply use a nested template match to 1 find the gender group, and 2 find the item male, female, other within the gender groups sub image performance is secondary to accuracy right now. Then I blur Gaussian and binarize the resultant imagethresholding tuned per form, and take a 2 bin histogram. I compare the normalized template and observed histograms, and get a Boolean result true arbitrary shape presentfalse shape not present.p  pThis process is ok, but not great. I have 4 forms with 500 fields, and a mean of 70 accuracy. The output of this program is feeding a predictive model, and the forms fields are strong predictor candidates, so Id like to bump the correcttotal ratio up a few notches ideally  .90.p  pIve tried contour comparison, but this has been inaccurate due to poor scan quality, low ink levels on the scanned image, different lengths of vectors between markingsform types, etc.p  pSo finally my question is Are any OpenEmgu CV experts out there who have some better ideas about how to detect markings on a scanned document If the scenario and question are too vague, Ill gladly clear them up. Code samples C, C, Python are welcome. p
Negative 42922 precodedbgtQueryINSERT INTO userdataemail,phone values.formemail.,.formphone. codepre  pData gets entered properly. However, I need to concatenate code91code country code before the phone is entered in the database. I tried with codecode and codeampcode operators... Not sure how to write it in quotes or if there is any other syntax. Note phone number type in database is codevarchar15code. do I need to change thisp  pstrongQuestion 2strongp  pI am using this expression code[789]d9code to validate phone number. Should start with code7code code8code or code9code and the length should be 10 digits. When I enter code7777777777code or code8888888888code or code9999999999code, it just accepts.. Is there any other way of validating to ensure user enters valid numberp  pOne way I can think of is total up all 10 numbers and restrict if the total is codegt70code but is this the correct logic not sure how to write it in expression form.p
Negative 42922 pstrongrbenvstrongp  pcode ruby vcode br ruby 1.9.3p0 20111030 revision 33570 [x8664linux]br code gem vcode  br 1.8.23p  pcode gem install railscode  br ERROR  Loading command install LoadErrorbr     cannot load such file  zlibbr ERROR  While executing gem ... NameErrorbr     uninitialized constant GemCommandsInstallCommandp  pcode gem install railtiescode  br ERROR  Loading command install LoadErrorbr     cannot load such file  zlibbr ERROR  While executing gem ... NameErrorbr     uninitialized constant GemCommandsInstallCommandp  pI spent hours looking for answers...p  pAlso installed codezlib1gdevelcode but still cant install rails..p
Negative 42922 pI am developing an Android client for a server where the requirement is continuous exchange of audio stream to the WebSocketsbased server. p  pWhile connection with web sockets the android client throws the following error. p  blockquote   pClosed draft org.javawebsocket.drafts.Draft10b2fe9b40 refuses   handshakep blockquote  pBut I tried with following web socket uri. Connection getting succeeded.  wsecho.websocket.orgp  blockquote   pstrongCodestrongp blockquote  precodeURI uri     try           uri  new URI          wsecho.websocket.org         uri  new URI                 wsserverIP9090WebRtcserverendpoint       catch URISyntaxException e          e.printStackTrace         return           mWebSocketClient  new WebSocketClienturi          Override         public void onOpenServerHandshake serverHandshake              Log.iWebsocket, Opened             mWebSocketClient.sendHello from   Build.MANUFACTURER                         Build.MODEL                   Override         public void onMessageString s              final String message  s             runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                  Override                 public void run                      TextView textView  TextView findViewByIdR.id.messages                     textView.setTexttextView.getText  n  message                                                 Override         public void onCloseint i, String s, boolean b              Log.iWebsocket, Closed   s                   Override         public void onErrorException e              Log.iWebsocket, Error   e.getMessage                   mWebSocketClient.connect codepre  pI tried the echo test from browser for the web socketwsserverIP9090WebRtcserverendpoint I have used. Its getting connected properly.  But When I try that from both mobile or emulator, nothing works.p  pPlease help me on this. p
Negative 42922 pIve seen many answers to this issue like thisp  precodeif typeofnavigator.mimeTypes[applicationxskype]  object       return true   else return false codepre  pBut it doesnt seem to work, I have skype installed in my PC and in my android, and both return false.p  pI tried to find, and skype doesnt have any mimetype register. Is there another way to verifyp  pThanks p
Negative 42922 pI have a remote server running an ssh server. I tunnel to it by binding 9090 as a dynamic port so that local clients connected to localhost9090 using socks5 are able to exit from the remote server. tested with firefox and querying for what is my ipp  pNow I want my C HttpClient to behave the same, so instead of like thisp  precodeHttpClient client new HttpClient codepre  pI set it up like thisp  precodeHttpClient client  new HttpClientnew HttpClientHandler                            Proxy  new WebProxynew Urilocalhost9090,                UseProxy  true              ... client.GetStringAsyncsomeresource codepre  pBut that gave me an exception saying localhost scheme is not supported. So I triedp  precodeHttpClient client  new HttpClientnew HttpClientHandler                            Proxy  new WebProxynew Urihttplocalhost9090,                UseProxy  true              ... client.GetStringAsyncsomeresource codepre  pWhich results An error occurred while sending the request.p  pHow can I use HttpClient with an ssh tunnel p
Negative 42922 pI use knitrs spin function to generate html reports.p  pIs there a way to make spin generate a table of contents toc for headings embedded in the comments somehowp  pNote I cannot use pandoc for that and have to use the markdown amp html generator provided by knitr.p
Negative 42922 pI used code like codesubprocess.callrubyscript.rb gt output.txt, shellTruecode in my python class to run external scripts. p  pI have an ipython notebook server with my Ubuntu desktop machine. p  pOn my MacBook, whenever I remotely ran cells that used class containing the above codesubprocess.callcode line, I got nonzero exit status, saying cannot find the directory. If I try simple command like codesubprocess.checkcall[ls, l], shellTruecode, I will get sth like codeCalledProcessError Command [ls, l] returned nonzero exit status 2code.p  pOn my Ubuntu desktop machine, whenever I logged into the same notebook server and run the same cells, I got perfect results. If I try simple command like codesubprocess.checkcall[ls, l], shellTruecode, I will get sth like code0code, indicating no error at all.p  pI am wondering why such codes could not work remotely.p  pOn my Ubuntu desktop machine, the servers python version is 2.7.6, while the ipython version is 2.2.0.p  pMy MacBooks OS X version is 10.9.4 and my desktops Ubuntu version is 14.04 LTS.p  pThanksp  pI tried the code suggested by Charles on my MacBook by remotely logging into the nbserver, pasting the code to a cell in the notebook, and running the cell.p  pcode import subprocess subprocess.checkcall[ls, l], cwd codep  pre  CalledProcessError                        Traceback most recent call last  in        1 import subprocess  2 subprocess.checkcall[ls, l], cwd  usrlibpython2.7subprocess.pyc in checkcallpopenargs, kwargs     538         if cmd is None     539             cmd  popenargs[0]  540         raise CalledProcessErrorretcode, cmd     541     return 0     542   CalledProcessError Command [ls, l] returned nonzero exit status 2 pre  pBy the way, it emworksem if I do the same things above from the same Ubuntu desktop running the nbserver.p
Negative 42922 h1pip install matplotlibh1  pFor a simple one pie chart Im doing thisp  precodefrom pylab import   figure3, figsize4,4 axes[0.1, 0.1, 0.8, 0.8] labels[Red, Blue, Green, Brown] fracs[40, 30, 20, 10] piefracs,labelslabels  savefigchart.png  or savefigchart.pdf codepre  pbut Im having problem when I have to print multiple charts in one pdf.  something like this  p  precodefor x in mylist     figure3, figsize4,4     axes[0.1, 0.1, 0.8, 0.8]     labelsx[labels]    [Red, Blue, Green, Brown]     fracsx[fracs]     [40, 30, 20, 10]     piefracs,labelslabels     savefigchart.png codepre  pafter little bit searching over net I found this a hrefhttpmatplotlib.org1.3.1faqhowtofaq.htmlsavemultipleplotstoonepdffile relnofollowhttpmatplotlib.org1.3.1faqhowtofaq.htmlsavemultipleplotstoonepdffileap  pcodefrom matplotlib.backends.backendpdf import PdfPagescodep  phere are the SOF threads, I have looked at but all of them are using codepyplotcode but Im using codepylabcode . a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22570630plotandsavemultiplefiguresofgroupbyfunctionaspdfPlot and save multiple figures of group by function as pdfap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11328958matplotlibpyplotsavetheplotsintoapdfMatplotlib.pyplot  Save the plots into a pdfap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21364405savingplotstopdffilesusingmatplotlibSaving plots to pdf files using matplotlibap  pCant we do this without using pyplot and only using pylab and pdfbackend .p  pWhat I tried so far isp  precodefrom pylab import  from matplotlib.backends.backendpdf import PdfPages  pp  PdfPageslong.pdf  for x in mylist         figure3, figsize4,4         axes[0.1, 0.1, 0.8, 0.8]         labelsx[labels]    [Red, Blue, Green, Brown]         fracsx[fracs]     [40, 30, 20, 10]         p  piefracs,labelslabels   slightly difference in these two lines assigning values this time         p.savefigpp, formatpdf    pp.savefig codepre  pbut its not working, Am I missing something or doing some silly mistakep  pbasically I want pie charts multiple in one pdf.p  pPS If you know any better library, which is simple and can do my job please let me know with solution or docs.p
Negative 42922 pI have hosted a website running on I.E. When I download something ,explorers download pop up get merge behind Windows Taskbar,is there any way to prevent this[May be some javaScript function to handle this or any other possible solution to resolve this]p
Negative 42922 pGiven an input codencode , find the sum of all the possible combinations of numbers code1 ... ncode. For example, if coden3code , then all the possible combinations are p  pcode1,2,3,1,2,1,3,2,3,1,2,3codep  pand their sum is p  pcode1  2  3  12  13  23  123 24codep  pI am able to solve this problem using coderecursioncode. How can I solve this problem using codeDynamic Programmingcode p  precodeincludeltiostreamgt using namespace std int sum0,n int fint pos,int s      ifposgtn              return 0          else              forint ipos1iltni                      sumsi             fi,si                int main       cingtgtn      sum0      f0,0      coutltltsumltltn        codepre  pstrongEDITstrong Though this problem can be solved in constant time using this a hrefhttpsoeis.orgA001788 relnofollowseriesa.p  pBut I want to know how this can be done using codeDynamic Programmingcode as I am very weak at it.p
Negative 42922 pHere i have one requirement to be done.p  pI have a table container with headers as like below.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comV8aYQ.png altenter image description herep  pAll I need to do is, I want to get all the texts User Information, location of all table header and append the same values as select box options.  Like belowp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com29B0v.png altenter image description herep  pSelect box is available in another div container.  How can i achieve through jQuery Any ideap  pBy this jquery, I am getting alert of all header texts p  precode  .availabilityView tr th.eachfunction   var avilCont  .availabilityView tr th.eqthis.index.text alertavilCont  codepre  pI want to push all alerted texts into select box container as options. Select box is placed next to the table container... Hope this helps... p
Negative 42922 pIve got some code below that I need help with. Im asking for my data science coursera class Are Americans Financial Satisfaction Affected By The Previous Years Annual SampP500 GainLoss. Im trying to plot a graph with the amount of observations that are either Satisfied or More Or Less Satisfied, against the entire population a proportion as the y axis, and the codePercentChangecode as the xaxis. I posted the entire code further down, in case it was necessary to understand what Im trying to do. All of these observations are in the same table codefinalResultscode and they are listed under a variable column that is categorical, named codeFinancialSatisfactioncode. Im not sure where to go from here, but the big problem Im having is how to calculate the proportions based on codePercentChangecode in the final results table. Right below is what I had tried, but it is way off. I need to filter the satisfaction proportions by year, as the xaxis will be each years percentage change. Help is greatly appreciated, I am nowhere near knowledgeable enough about R to figure this out.p  precodesatisfied lt subsetfinalResults, FinancialSatisfaction  Satisfied moreorless lt subsetfinalResults, FinancialSatisfaction  More Or Less notatall lt subsetfinalResults, FinancialSatisfaction  Not At All  myProportion  satisfied  moreorless  29205 codepre  h3FULL CODEh3  precoderequireQuandl requirelubridate requirezoo requirexts  myGSS lt loadurlhttpbit.lydasigssdata  year lt gssyear finSat lt gsssatfin  relativeTable lt data.frameyear, finSat relativeTable lt subsetrelativeTable, year gt 1988 amp is.nafinSat   spReturns lt QuandlSANDPANNRETS, trimstart19700111,                      trimend20121231, authcodenwy3aGmd7TSS9fVirxT,                      collapseannual  percentChange lt spReturnsTotal Return Change  spReturnsYear Ending lt formatspReturnsYear Ending, Y spReturnsYear Ending lt as.numericspReturnsYear Ending spReturnsYear Ending lt spReturns[,1]  1 the following year  combined lt mergerelativeTable, spReturns, by.x  year, by.y  Year Ending namescombined[6] lt percentChange  finalResults lt data.framecombinedyear, combinedfinSat, combinedpercentChange namesfinalResults[1] lt Year namesfinalResults[2] lt FinancialSatisfaction namesfinalResults[3] lt PercentChange finalResultsPercentChange lt finalResultsPercentChange  100  satisfied lt subsetfinalResults, FinancialSatisfaction  Satisfied moreorless lt subsetfinalResults, FinancialSatisfaction  More Or Less notatall lt subsetfinalResults, FinancialSatisfaction  Not At All  myProportion lt satisfied  moreorless  29205 codepre
Negative 42922 precodelttrgt     lttd height250px width300pxgtltcentergtltlabelgtltinput typeradio namecarrier ltphp if issetcarrier ampamp carrierLBC echo checkedgt  valueLBCgtltimg src..paymentoptionslbc.png altLBC classpicture width245px stylemargin10pxgtltlabelgtlttdgt      lttd height250px width300pxgtltcentergtltlabelgtltinput typeradio namecarrier ltphp if issetcarrier ampamp carrierPickUp echo checkedgt  valuePickUpgtltimg src..paymentoptionspickup.jpg altPickUp classpicture height210px width250px stylemargin10pxgtltlabelgtlttdgt lttrgt codepre  pHello, How do i disable my form submit button if no option is chosen thank youp
Negative 42922 pI am using RAD Studio XE6 and I have a simple fire monkey form that I use to print an image. I thought it would be a good idea if I managed to create a preview functionality for displaying the final image before it is printed. To do that I tried using a TImage component and instead of sending my data to the printer canvas send it to the image canvas by using something like tho code below.p  precodeImageViewer1.Canvas.Font.Size  15 ImageViewer1.Canvas.Font.Family    Arial ImageViewer1.Canvas.Font.Style   [TFontStyle.fsbold] ImageViewer1.Canvas.Fill.Color   claBlack ImageViewer1.Canvas.Fill.Kind  TBrushKind.Solid  s  Test Print l  RoundImageViewer1.Width  ImageViewer1.Canvas.TextWidths  99 t  RoundImageViewer1.Canvas.TextHeights3100 r  l  RoundImageViewer1.Canvas.TextWidths b  t  RoundImageViewer1.Canvas.TextHeights  ImageViewer1.Canvas.FillTextTRectF.Createl, t, r, b, s, false, 1,   [TFillTextFlag.RightToLeft], TTextAlign.Leading, TTextAlign.Leading codepre  pThe thing is that in the end nothing gets displayed in my TImage component. Have I done something wrongp
Negative 42922 pIn my project there is two models ,ORGANISATION and CUSTUMER .Here what i am doing is while i am adding new customer to the organisation i save the organisationid to the table CUSTOMER .But now i am worrying about the performance of my project when the database becomes huge.p  pSo now i am planning to create new database for every newly creating organisation .And save all the information of the organisation in that organisations database. But i dont know how to create a new database for every newly creating organisation.And id like to know which method is better in performance.Please correct the question if not.p
Negative 42922 pI have a few heroku accounts, but I logged into one using account 1. I then tried to clone an app that belongs to that account, but the error I got references the email for a different account saying it doesnt have permissions.p  pI installed the heroku plugin for multiple accounts, but Im still puzzled what is wrongp  blockquote   pCmylocalheroku accountsbr   jrub p      pCmylocalheroku apps account jrubbr    My Appsbr   freespibr   learnhandbr   mobsurfbr   webscktst  p      pCmylocalheroku gitclone a mobsurf account jrubbr   Cloning from app mobsurf...br   Cloning into mobsurf...  p blockquote  precode  Your account wbsufgmail.com does not have access to mobsurf.    SSH Key Fingerprint adbb4b245200888d6670328a2838be33  fatal Could not read from remote repository.  Please make sure you have the correct access rights and the repository exists. codepre
Negative 42922 pI need to permanently change codeMTUcode to code1500code. By permanently I mean if I reboot the system or will do codeservice network restartcode it will alway be code1500code.p  pI followed this article a hrefhttpwww.cyberciti.bizfaqcentosrhelredhatfedoradebianlinuxmtusize relnofollowhttpwww.cyberciti.bizfaqcentosrhelredhatfedoradebianlinuxmtusizeap  pBut unfortunately it doenst work for me.p  pHere is what I didp  pcheck current codeMTUcode p  precodeeth0 ltBROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWERUPgt mtu 9001 qdisc pfifofast state UP qlen 1000  codepre  pAdded codeMTU1500code to codeetcsysconfignetworkscriptsifcfgeth0codep  precode[rootipxxxxxxx] cat etcsysconfignetworkscriptsifcfgeth0 DEVICEeth0 BOOTPROTOdhcp ONBOOTyes TYPEEthernet USERCTLyes PEERDNSyes IPV6INITno PERSISTENTDHCLIENTyes IPV6MTU1500 MTU1500 codepre  pThen check codeMTUcode again,  no luck p  precoderootipxxxxxxx ] service network restart  Shutting down interface eth0                              [  OK  ] Shutting down loopback interface                          [  OK  ] Bringing up loopback interface                            [  OK  ] Bringing up interface eth0   Determining IP information for eth0... done.                                                            [  OK  ] [rootipxxxxxxx ] ip addr show eth0  2 eth0 ltBROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWERUPgt mtu 9001 qdisc pfifofast state UP qlen 1000 codepre  pcodesbinifconfigcode changed codeMTUcode but only temporally p  precode[rootipxxxxxxx ] sbinifconfig eth0 mtu 1500 up [rootipxxxxxxx ] ip addr show eth0  2 eth0 ltBROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWERUPgt mtu 1500 qdisc pfifofast state UP qlen 1000 codepre  pIf i restart codenetworkcode it is 9001 againp  precode[rootipxxxxxxx ] service network restart  Shutting down interface eth0                              [  OK  ] Shutting down loopback interface                          [  OK  ] Bringing up loopback interface                            [  OK  ] Bringing up interface eth0   Determining IP information for eth0... done.                                                            [  OK  ] [rootip1001135 ] ip addr show eth0  2 eth0 ltBROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWERUPgt mtu 9001 qdisc pfifofast state UP qlen 1000 codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to run this cloud code every time a new object gets saved to my class called Message, however i believe i am calling the afterSave method incorrectly because not even my console.log is showing up after i save a new object to my class called Message.  What is wrong with my codep  precodeParse.Cloud.afterSavesendMessage, functionMessage, response    var messageBody  null   var messageSenderName  null   var messageSenderId  null   var randUsers  []   console.logThe variables were set  ............other code that doesnt matter................  codepre
Negative 42922 pQueryp  precodeselect logindate, count as people  from authortable  group by logindate  order by logindatedesc nulls last codepre  pOutputp  precodelogindate   people  6oct2014    5 5oct2014    7 4oct2014    4 3oct2014    8 2oct2014    0 1oct2014    0 30sept2014  5 29sept2014  7 28sept2014  4 27sept2014  8 codepre  pI am getting the data I required, but I want something as if there is no login on a particular day, it should return 0 ..  as in 1 and 2 oct. I want to get the data for 1 and 2 as shown above.p  pFor now I am not getting 1 and 2 oct rows as no data is presentp
Negative 42922 pI have a couple of classes. Student, Teacher and Book.p  pI want to send instances of those 3 objects from server to the connecting client. I know how to sendreceive instances of single type, i.e. Student from server to client using the following codep  pClient Sidep  precode            Socket socket  new Socketip, port         try              ObjectInputStream objectInput  new ObjectInputStreamsocket.getInputStream             try                  Object object Student objectInput.readObject                 Student std  Student object                 do something with std              catch ClassNotFoundException e                  e.printStackTrace                        codepre  pServer Sidep  precode        Student a  new Student         ServerSocket myServerSocket  new ServerSocketport         Socket skt  myServerSocket.accept            try                       ObjectOutputStream objectOutput  new ObjectOutputStreamskt.getOutputStream             objectOutput.writeObjecta                                   catch IOException e                       e.printStackTrace           codepre  pHow to extend this code to be able to send different types of objects from server and receive them correctly on the client sidep  pDo I need to wrap them all in another object and give each one a type Thanksp
Negative 42922 pIn visual c, I am using a message box to warn the user about invalid entry in a dialog. When the entry is invalid and the user clocks OK in the dialog, a message box pops up which the user acknowledges by clicking OK and the original dialog is still available for the user to correct his entry.p  pMy problem is that I see different behavior when the user hits enter on the keyboard vs clicking on the OK button in the dialog. When the user hits enter instead of clicking OK in the original dialog, the message still pops up but then everything goes away after the message is acknowledged the dialog does not persist under it like with clicking OK.p  pThe message box is based on WinUser.h method MessageBoxA. Any suggestions why this is or how to work around itp
Negative 42922 pI have two tables codeassetscode and codeassetclassificationscode. The tables have onetomany relationship, where an codeassetcode has one asset classification, and codeassetclassificationscode have many assets.p  pIm trying to run a query to get all assets which has an codeassetclassificationcode name of laptops, for example. Im trying to do this by running this eager load with a constraintp  precodelaptops  Assetwitharrayclassificationgtfunctionquery     querygtwherename,,laptops gtget  foreachlaptops as laptop     echo laptopgtserialnumber.ltbrgt  codepre  pcodenamecode is a column from codeassetclassificationscode table. I already formed the onetomany relationship by setting up the needed methods for my codeAssetcode and codeAssetClassificationcode models.p  pThe problem with my eager load is that it gets all the assets, seeming to ignore my eager loading constraint which tries to get only the laptops. I think the problem is in my code or my understanding of eager loading, but I dont know which. Im still new to this and I hope someone can help me.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to create something like Assets manager, where I would embed bunch of images in one class and then pass them to other classes for further use. The problem is, after doing all the work, the images simply wont appear, not all of them. From total 41 images I get about 23 to renderdisplay properly. I triple checked all the code, tried in both Flashdevelop and Flash Professional, tried to add each image to its own MovieClip or Sprite before adding them to stage, tried adding them one by one with addChild method without using for loop and still no success... Also there is no compile error neither syntax. p  pIs there something like max embedded image count for flashdevelop or flash professionalp  pHere is the codep  precodepackage        import flash.display.Bitmap     import flash.display.BitmapData     import flash.display.MovieClip     import flash.display.Sprite  public class AssetsLoader extends MovieClip      [Embedsource  assetsmap800x500.jpg] private var layer0ClassClass public var layer0Bitmap  new layer0Class      [Embedsource  assetsalAFR01.png] private var AFR01ClassClass public var AFR01Bitmap  new AFR01Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAFR02.png] private var AFR02ClassClass public var AFR02Bitmap  new AFR02Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAFR03.png] private var AFR03ClassClass public var AFR03Bitmap  new AFR03Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAFR04.png] private var AFR04ClassClass public var AFR04Bitmap  new AFR04Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAFR05.png] private var AFR05ClassClass public var AFR05Bitmap  new AFR05Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAFR06.png] private var AFR06ClassClass public var AFR06Bitmap  new AFR06Class as Bitmap      [Embedsource  assetsalASI01.png] private var ASI01ClassClass public var ASI01Bitmap  new ASI01Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI02.png] private var ASI02ClassClass public var ASI02Bitmap  new ASI02Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI03.png] private var ASI03ClassClass public var ASI03Bitmap  new ASI03Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI04.png] private var ASI04ClassClass public var ASI04Bitmap  new ASI04Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI05.png] private var ASI05ClassClass public var ASI05Bitmap  new ASI05Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI06.png] private var ASI06ClassClass public var ASI06Bitmap  new ASI06Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI07.png] private var ASI07ClassClass public var ASI07Bitmap  new ASI07Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI08.png] private var ASI08ClassClass public var ASI08Bitmap  new ASI08Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI09.png] private var ASI09ClassClass public var ASI09Bitmap  new ASI09Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI10.png] private var ASI10ClassClass public var ASI10Bitmap  new ASI10Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalASI11.png] private var ASI11ClassClass public var ASI11Bitmap  new ASI11Class as Bitmap      [Embedsource  assetsalAUS01.png] private var AUS01ClassClass public var AUS01Bitmap  new AUS01Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAUS02.png] private var AUS02ClassClass public var AUS02Bitmap  new AUS02Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAUS03.png] private var AUS03ClassClass public var AUS03Bitmap  new AUS03Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalAUS04.png] private var AUS04ClassClass public var AUS04Bitmap  new AUS04Class as Bitmap      [Embedsource  assetsalEUR01.png] private var EUR01ClassClass public var EUR01Bitmap  new EUR01Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalEUR02.png] private var EUR02ClassClass public var EUR02Bitmap  new EUR02Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalEUR03.png] private var EUR03ClassClass public var EUR03Bitmap  new EUR03Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalEUR04.png] private var EUR04ClassClass public var EUR04Bitmap  new EUR04Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalEUR05.png] private var EUR05ClassClass public var EUR05Bitmap  new EUR05Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalEUR06.png] private var EUR06ClassClass public var EUR06Bitmap  new EUR06Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalEUR07.png] private var EUR07ClassClass public var EUR07Bitmap  new EUR07Class as Bitmap      [Embedsource  assetsalNAM01.png] private var NAM01ClassClass public var NAM01Bitmap  new NAM01Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM02.png] private var NAM02ClassClass public var NAM02Bitmap  new NAM02Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM03.png] private var NAM03ClassClass public var NAM03Bitmap  new NAM03Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM04.png] private var NAM04ClassClass public var NAM04Bitmap  new NAM04Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM05.png] private var NAM05ClassClass public var NAM05Bitmap  new NAM05Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM06.png] private var NAM06ClassClass public var NAM06Bitmap  new NAM06Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM07.png] private var NAM07ClassClass public var NAM07Bitmap  new NAM07Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM08.png] private var NAM08ClassClass public var NAM08Bitmap  new NAM08Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalNAM09.png] private var NAM09ClassClass public var NAM09Bitmap  new NAM09Class as Bitmap      [Embedsource  assetsalSAM01.png] private var SAM01ClassClass public var SAM01Bitmap  new SAM01Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalSAM02.png] private var SAM02ClassClass public var SAM02Bitmap  new SAM02Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalSAM03.png] private var SAM03ClassClass public var SAM03Bitmap  new SAM03Class as Bitmap     [Embedsource  assetsalSAM04.png] private var SAM04ClassClass public var SAM04Bitmap  new SAM04Class as Bitmap      public var allTerritoriesArray   [AFR01, AFR02, AFR03, AFR04, AFR05, AFR06,                                         ASI01, ASI02, ASI03, ASI04, ASI05, ASI06, ASI07, ASI08, ASI09, ASI10, ASI11,                                         AUS01, AUS02, AUS03, AUS04,                                         EUR01, EUR02, EUR03, EUR04, EUR05, EUR06, EUR07,                                         NAM01, NAM02, NAM03, NAM04, NAM05, NAM06, NAM07, NAM08, NAM09,                                         SAM01, SAM02, SAM03, SAM04]      public var alphaContainerMovieClip  new MovieClip      public function AssetsLoader               for var iint  0 i lt allTerritories.length i                       alphaContainer.addChildallTerritories[i]             alphaContainer.getChildAti.alpha  1                 codepre  pIn another class Im adding alphaContainer to stagep  precodepackage        import flash.display.MovieClip     import flash.display.Sprite     import flash.events.Event      [SWFwidth  800, height  500, backgroundColor  222222, frameRate  60]     public class GameMap extends MovieClip               public var mapAssetsLoader  new AssetsLoader          public function GameMap                       if stage init             else addEventListenerEvent.ADDEDTOSTAGE, init                    private function initvoid                       removeEventListenerEvent.ADDEDTOSTAGE, init             addChildmap.alphaContainer                codepre
Negative 42922 pI have the following codep  precodepublic class Equals           String[] s1  red, white, black, blue         String[] s2  red, black, green         String[] s3  red, green codepre  pWhat I need is to give me the following output p  pComparing String s1, s2, s3 p  pred 3 matches.  black 2 matches.  green 2 matches. p  pSomeone can help me p  pThanks a lot p  pGreetingsp
Negative 42922 pIm stuck trying to create a query that pulls results from at least three different tables with many to many relationships.br I want to end up with a table that lists cases, the outcomes and complaints.br All cases may have none, one or multiple outcomes, same relationship applies to the complaints. I want to be able to have the case listed once, then subsequent columns to list all the outcomes and complaints related to that case. I have tried codeGROUPCONCATcode to get the outcomes in one column instead of repeating the cases but when I use codeUNIONcode to combine the outcomes and complaints one column header overwrites the other.p  pAny help appreciated and heres the link to the fiddle a hrefhttpsqlfiddle.com2d111e20 relnofollowhttpsqlfiddle.com2d111e20ap  pThanksp  pCp
Negative 42922 pId like to record some mouse interaction with a web page, or more specifically, with a canvas element on that web page. So interacting with various web elements will be of little use, and instead interacting with the canvas with fine position control is essential.p  pFor a while I was looking at the a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniuminteractionsMouse.html relnofollowcodeMousecodea interface. I was somewhat surprised that I could provide offset for movement, but not for codemouseDowncode and codemouseUpcode. It also took me a while to figure out that I can probably turn a a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniumWebElement.html relnofollowcodeWebElementcodea into a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniuminteractionsinternalCoordinates.html relnofollowcodeCoordinatescodea by casting it to the a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniuminternalLocatable.html relnofollowcodeLocatablecodea interface first.p  pBut codeLocatablecode and codeCoordinatescode are in a package called codeinternalcode. Eventually with the help of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq97357191468366this questiona I learned about a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniuminteractionsActions.html relnofollowcodeActionscodea. Its documentation statesp  blockquote   pThe userfacing API for emulating complex user gestures. Use this class rather than using the Keyboard or Mouse directly.p blockquote  pSo it seems that I should be using this. Expressing my movement in that context seems easy enough. But what has me worried is timing. Id like to move objects approximately at the same speed I used when recording. Im not aiming to exactly reproduce timing, but some mouse actions will trigger computations in a timer step, so the interaction between mouse events and timer should be simulated in a natural fashion.p  pI see no codewaitcode or codesleepcode method in codeActionscode. What I do see is a codepausecode method, but that has been deprecated. The deprecation message readsp  blockquote   pPause is considered to be a bad design practice.p blockquote  pThe a hrefhttpscode.google.compseleniumsourcedetailra7d53122fd86ea268078fbd125bcaa45ab124f57 relnofollowcommita adding that deprecation has no more detail either.p  ul liWhy is codepausecode considered bad designli liCan I expect drivers to support this command despite the deprecationli liDo I have to fear that this command will vanish soonli liHow else should I implement timing of mouse movementli ul  pThere appears to be plenty of places where some form of waiting can be realized. a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniumsupportuiWebDriverWait.html relnofollowcodeWebDriverWaitcodea and a hrefhttpselenium.googlecode.comgitdocsapijavaindex.htmlorgopenqaseleniumWebDriver.Timeouts.html relnofollowcodeWebDriver.Timeoutscodea seem the most likely candidates. But would it really be preferable to perform codeActionscode consisting of a single mouse move, and interleave them with waits Particularly if I might be remote controlling some machine over a slow link Interleaving codepausecode statements in a long codeActionscode sequence seemed so much more reasonable to me.p  pemEdit 1em Looking at a hrefhttpscode.google.compseleniumsourcebrowsejavaclientsrcorgopenqaseleniuminteractionsPauseAction.java relnofollowthe sourcesa I see that codeActions.pausecode is simply implemented using codeThread.sleepcode. So the delay is only local, and network latency over a bad link might severely distort timing. I also found two bug reports regarding codeActions.pausecode, a hrefhttpscode.google.compseleniumissuesdetailid7424 relnofollowonea requesting that it not be deprecated and a hrefhttpscode.google.compseleniumissuesdetailid7646 relnofollowanothera reuqesting an alternative. The latter comes with a proofofconcept implementation building on codeWebDriverWaitcode. But looking at that, it bases its timing on codeClockcode and the only implementation of that interface is codeSystemClockcode so it appears that again all timing is controlled clientside. What wed need would be some onthewire command for a serverside delay, I think.p
Negative 42922 pI have a application which has been gone into hang state. this application is really a combination of three different exes. UI.exe, core.exe, core.dll. all of these are basically built on VC. so when i look into the application logs i can see ui.exe is stopped somewhere. So I have taken the Mini dump with full application data via Task Managerprocessesselect the ui.exe and core.exe right click it and Create dump file. I have some 150MB  data present in the ui.exe dmp file. how to analyze it p  pSo far I can able to load the dump file with all its necessary pdb files application  System and successfully loaded the values. I can able to see the application is running but not responding to the core.exe request. p  pNow I really looking for the application data which is in heap and stack of the ui.exe and core.exe with that i can able to check where the data is getting piled up. what variable  array is eating up the value. can any one tel me a way for thisp
Negative 42922 pI currently have a magic 8 ball game which is coded like this p  precodeimport random import string  choices  [As I see it, yes. , It is certain. , Most likely. , Outlook good , Without a doubt , yes  definitely , You may rely on it , Reply hazy, try again , Ask again later , Better not tell you now , Cannot predict now , Concentrate and ask again , Dont count on it , My reply is no , My sources say no , Outlook not so good , Very doubtful , Do I look like I care , Yeah, right , Ask again later , DUH , EOF]  printI am the magic 8 ball. I will predict your future rawinputAsk me a question answer  random.choicechoices printanswer codepre  pThis program runs just the way I want, however, what I WANT is to have the strings within the array, to be uploaded from a file, yet still have the output random. How would I do this I am extremely new to PYTHON and am still learning all the functions. Ive tried using FileInput and open yet I have an error message that says the 8 ball sayings.txt are not in the directory.p  pCan anyone explain what I need to do in order to put my strings on the correct path Thank youp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to assign a text to the codeUILabelcode in codeUIViewControllercode and my text is p  pstrongGet As Many Questions Right As You Can Get A Questionn Wrong. And You Will Loose A Life Lose All Three Lives And Its Game Overstrongp  pBut when I insert it into label it looks like p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOZx5m.png altenter image description herep  pI try to set strongLines  4strong Like this way p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtqJ5f.png altenter image description herep  pBut its not working and my output should look like p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compYAiJ.png altenter image description herep  pHow can I achieve that Is there any other way to do thisp  pThanks In advance.p
Negative 42922 pI have Ie 11 to support. I open the popup using codevar myWindow  window.openurl,name,width640,height480,menubarno,toolbarnocodep  phowever, the handle returned codemyWindowcode is always null in ie.p  pI need to close that popup after certain events happen. I know that it is possible because Ive seen other sites do that in the same browser.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 42922 pI would like to use Picasso a hrefhttpsgithub.comsquarepicasso relnofollowhttpsgithub.comsquarepicassoa for caching and bitmap decoding, the problem im having is that my request is for a url like for example  server.comcomponent1 which gives me a proto file that i parse that contains some other information and a bytestring of the image that i decode to a bitmap.p  pIs there a way to use picasso for this even thought the request url is not just for an image or just use it for caching and decoding my bitmaps, Ive tried using the class Target but it works only with a url of an image alone.p  pThanks.p
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to countlist the bobj reports from the repository which use a specific object from a universe p  pIm using BOBJ 4.1. p  pThanks a lot. p
Negative 42922 pIm from a java background and Im trying to learn C with QT trying to make a tic tac toe game. I have problems with initializing objects within a certain class  I want the MainWindow class to have a Player instance and initialize Player by calling its constructor but I dont understand the errors p  precodeifndef PLAYERH define PLAYERH  include board.h include ltqstring.hgt class Player  public     QString token     PlayerQString     void jouerCoupint,int, Boardamp   endif  PLAYERH codepre  pAnd this is the MainWindow classp  precodeinclude ltqstring.hgt include player.h include board.h include ltQMainWindowgt  namespace Ui  class MainWindow   class MainWindow  public QMainWindow      QOBJECT  public     explicit MainWindowQWidget parent  0     MainWindow     Player aPlayer private     UiMainWindow ui private slots      void buttonHandle   endif  MAINWINDOWH codepre  pIn MainWindow.cpp I try this p  precodeaPLayer  new PlayerX codepre  pand I get this error  p  precode..tictactoemainwindow.cpp In constructor MainWindowMainWindowQWidget ..tictactoemainwindow.cpp626 error no matching function for call to PlayerPlayer  uinew UiMainWindow codepre  pI tried making the QString mutable, I have also a constructor in Player.cpp that takes a QString and assign it to the Players member.p  pAny indication as to what I should do next  Can I initialize Player in the MainWindow definition directly p
Negative 42922 pHi i would like to know how i can display the current users usernamename on a webpage when they have logged on... i am storing their username like thisp  precoderequest.getSession.setAttributecurrentUser, username codepre  pand wat to display their username on the jspweb page like thisp  precodeltpgt welcome lt request.getSession.getAttributecurrentUser gtltpgt codepre  phowever it doesnt work... any tips or a method that worksp
Negative 42922 pI have a codeDataGridViewcode that is filled using an codeOleDbDataAdaptercode. However, I realized when I try to set the current selected row cell on my codeDataGridViewcode, a hidden exception occurs. I have removed the codetrycatchcode block so that the exception is thrown. It is most probably a codeNullReferenceExceptioncode. But once the program passes this line, the rest of the lines on my method are ignored and my form shows some strange behavior. For example the close box on the form suddenly disappears.p  pThis is the snipped of code when I load my records and try to fill my codeDataGridViewcodep  precodedgvCampaigns.DataSource  dsCampaigns dgvCampaigns.DataMember  Campaigns dgvCampaigns.Columns[Id].Visible  false dgvCampaigns.Columns[RowNum].Visible  false  if dsCampaigns.Tables[Campaigns].Rows  null     if dsCampaigns.Tables[Campaigns].Rows.Count gt 0              mngSelectedIndex  0         dgvCampaigns.CurrentCell  dgvCampaigns[0, 0]                        if dgvCampaigns.CurrentCell  null     pnlManageCampaignActivities.Enabled  true lblCurrentPage.Text  mngCurrentPage.ToString lblTotalPages.Text  mngPagesCount.ToString lblCampaignCount.Text  mngCampaignCount.ToString lblLastRefreshedValue.Text  DateTime.Now.ToString UpdatePaginationLinkValues codepre  pThe line that causes this problem is p  precodedgvCampaigns.CurrentCell  dgvCampaigns[0, 0] codepre  pAfter this line, the rest of the lines are ignored and no codeExceptioncode is thrown.p
Negative 42922 pI am attempting to use the codeFileDialogcode object to return a filepath of a picture on a phone this has also caused problems with a digital camera, connected via USB.p  pThe simplified example isp  precodeSub filePathFromPhone      Dim fd As FileDialog     Set fd  Application.FileDialogmsoFileDialogFilePicker      With fd          If .Show  1 Then              this prints Computer instead of ComputerXT1031Internal storagePicturesScreenshotsScreenshot20140522114141.png             Debug.Print .SelectedItems1           End If     End With  End Sub codepre  pThis occurs when I navigate to a screenshot on the phone through the dialog and select it. I need this to do some other processing on the file omitted from above.p  pThe above code works correctly if I pick anything which has a named drive ie from the codeCcode or codeDcode or network paths with codepathtofilecode. Only when I attach a device which becomes mapped via codeComputercode paths does the FileDialog not return the full path.p  ul liHow can I return the full filepath from a USB device in VBAli ul
Negative 42922 pMy navigationnode structure is as followsp  pHomebr About usbr Our Servicesbr Financebr Insurancebrp  pMy current code loops through the nodes and lists them in an . When the CurrentPage has children, the menu includes the children.p  pThe problem with this loop is that when one of those children Finance or Insurance is the CurrentPage, the if condition on Our Services node fails as th CurrentPage no longer has children, therefore Finance and Insurance now longer remain in the menu.p  pI want to add to me if, an  clause which would basically say or CurrentPage is a child nodep  pCode below thanksp  precodeltulgt     foreach var page in CurrentPage.AncestorOrSelf1.Children              ltli classmenuItems page.IsAncestorOrSelfCurrentPage  selected  nullgt             lta hrefpage.Urlgtpage.Name testltagt         ltligt           if CurrentPage.Children.Count gt 0                                      foreach var childPage in page.Children                                                  ltli classmenuItems menuChildItems childPage.IsAncestorOrSelfCurrentPage  selected  nullgt                     lta hrefchildPage.UrlgtchildPage.Nameltagt                 ltligt                             ltulgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have made a Background Taks demo. It is a 95  copy of the SOLUTION in this Question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions26388467windowsphone81backgroundtaskcantdebugandwontfireWindows Phone 8.1 Background Task  Can39t Debug and won39t fireap  pThe complete example OF THE SOLUTION can be download here  a hrefhttp1drv.ms1qCPLMY relnofollowhttp1drv.ms1qCPLMYap  pThe problem is when my event fires the program terminates. my solution can be downloaded here a hrefhttp1drv.ms1x3z7Mp relnofollowhttp1drv.ms1x3z7Mpap  pSo here is my code  p  pFirst the class implementing  IBackgroundTaskp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Diagnostics using System.Linq using System.Text using System.Threading.Tasks using Windows.ApplicationModel.Background using Windows.Data.Xml.Dom using Windows.UI.Notifications  namespace Tasks      public sealed class Upload  IBackgroundTask              public void RunIBackgroundTaskInstance taskInstance                      Debug.WriteLineHello IBackgroundTask             return             var toastXml  ToastNotificationManager.GetTemplateContentToastTemplateType.ToastText02             var textElements  toastXml.GetElementsByTagNametext              var networkStateChangeEventDetails  taskInstance.TriggerDetails as Windows.Networking.Connectivity.NetworkStateChangeEventDetails             if networkStateChangeEventDetails  null                 return              textElements[0].AppendChildtoastXml.CreateTextNodeIm message from your task             ToastNotificationManager.CreateToastNotifier.Shownew ToastNotificationtoastXml                codepre  pAnd here is the code for registering the Background taksp  precodeprivate async void ButtonClickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e      Debug.WriteLineRegistering task     var taskRegistered  false     var exampleTaskName  UploadTask      foreach var task in BackgroundTaskRegistration.AllTasks              if task.Value.Name  exampleTaskName                      taskRegistered  true             task.Value.Unregistertrue                break                     await BackgroundExecutionManager.RequestAccessAsync     if taskRegistered              Debug.WriteLineRegistering task inside         var builder  new BackgroundTaskBuilder         builder.Name  exampleTaskName         builder.TaskEntryPoint  Tasks.Upload         builder.SetTriggernew SystemTriggerSystemTriggerType.NetworkStateChange, false         BackgroundTaskRegistration task  builder.Register         task.Completed  new BackgroundTaskCompletedEventHandlerNetworkStateChangeTaskOnCompleted         task.Trigger  new BackgroundTaskCompletedEventHandlerNetworkStateChangeTaskOnCompleted                          await new MessageDialogTask registered.ShowAsync        private void NetworkStateChangeTaskOnCompletedBackgroundTaskRegistration sender, BackgroundTaskCompletedEventArgs args      var toastXml  ToastNotificationManager.GetTemplateContentToastTemplateType.ToastText02     var textElements  toastXml.GetElementsByTagNametext      textElements[0].AppendChildtoastXml.CreateTextNodeNetworkStateChangeTaskOnCompleted gt     textElements[0].AppendChildtoastXml.CreateTextNodeIm message from your task      ToastNotificationManager.CreateToastNotifier.Shownew ToastNotificationtoastXml  codepre  pI get no exception, and no error mesage. The program just terminates, when the event fires. Same on both Device and Emulator. p
Negative 42922 pIm not sure if this is relevant, but my app uses sencha touch 2.3.1, and the base element is a container with a vbox.p  pAnyway, when the user loads the app in safari mobile while not having any tabs and then opening a new tab, the bottom of the page is now cut off. Also, the resize event is not fired, even though the innerHeight has been changed.p  pDoes anyone know if this is a Sencha issue Why the resize event isnt firedhow to detect the changep  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI strongcannotstrong get the strongyahoostrong composed email using the following code.I am getting the email address correctly using email. Please look at it and let me know where I have wronged.Thank you.p  pstrongcode for yahoostrongp  precodelta targetblank hrefhttpcompose.mail.yahoo.comtoemailampampsubjSUBJECTampampbody classyahoogtampnbspampnbspYahoo mailltagt codepre  pBut gmail is working fine.p  pstrongcode for gmailstrongp  precodelta targetblank hrefhttpsmail.google.commailviewcmampampfs1ampamptoemailampampsuSUBJECTampampbody classgmailgtampnbspampnbspGmailltagt codepre  pPlease help me outp
Negative 42922 pIve tried searching for a way to do this with Laravel, and im sure its more than capable Maybe ive been searching for it using incorrect terms..p  pIm trying to extract table data to be used in Laravels builtin form creatorp  precodeclusters  Clustergetarrayid,name codepre  pIntop  precode Formselectcluster, clusters,Inputoldcluster, arrayid gt cluster  codepre  pBut currently, I get a dropdown with JSON in it, and if I use toArray it doesnt use the ID numbers from the JSON array, it applies new ID numbers, then puts the data in an arrayp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOZLu8.png altBadly formed array using toArray from JSON objectp  pCan anyone point me in the right direction to form arrays properly from Eloquent extractions Ive been using this bit of code which feels meaninglessp  precodeclust  array foreachclusters as key gt cl    clust[cl[id]]  cl[location]  codepre  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIm using emacs 24.3.1 for rails development and currently I end up with enhrubymode when in my rails model files. I would like to use yasnippets for rails commands eg typing bt  tab expands to belongsto. p  pShould my rails templates be put into my enhrubymode snippets directoryp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to write a script that makes use of the json and requests modules. Before I wrote the script, I was playing around with commands on the interactive shell, and since creating an actual file for my code, everything has somehow broken. The first time I ran the code, a strongpycachestrong folder appeared in the folder and I think that is somehow breaking everthing. The code, when run line by line in the shell, no longer works either with the presence of this strongpycachestrong folder. My code is as followsp  precodeimport json import requests r  requests.gethttpapi.wunderground.comapi78c2f37e6d924b1bhourlyqCABerkeley.json data  json.loadsr.text for x in range0, 35     printdata[hourlyforecast][x][FCTTIME][hour] codepre  pThis should print out all the hours in the weather forecast, but I get an AttributeError module object has no attribute dumps. In this folder, I also previously had another program that used external modules that also no long works with the presence of the strongpycachestrong folder, so I am almost certain that it is causing the problems. However, deleting it doesnt fix anything as the code still doesnt work, and it just gets recreated.p  pEDIT The problem was solved by deleting the entire buggy directory and rewriting everything.p
Negative 42922 pActually im working with moment.js and showing weeks days on client side, i have this code im using meteor,p  precodeTemplate.main.helpers   showLunes  function   moment.localees     var lunes  moment.startOfweek.add0,days.formatLLLL   return lunes  codepre  pand calling this helper simply like codeshowLunescodep  pThis works for me, but when other partner open the web page and he have different hour or date or whatever, the browser take client time and instead show current day, its show another day p
Negative 42922 pI usd Activityalias in manifest file to launch multiple apks from single apk. here is my Manifest.xmlp  precode  ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid    packagecom.test     androidversionCode1   androidversionName1.0 gt    ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion14     androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt   ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.READPHONESTATEgt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE gt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt   ltapplication    androidallowBackuptrue    androidicondrawableimages    androidlabelstringappname    androidthemestyleAppTheme androidlogodrawableimagesgt   ltactivity     androidnamecom.mmx.mccandmnc.MainActivity     androidlabelstringappname gt     ltintentfiltergt         ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt          ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt     ltintentfiltergt   ltactivitygt   lt Alias activity used to set the wallpaper on Home. The alias is used      simply to have a different label. gt    ltactivityalias androidnameWallpaperActivity     androidtargetActivityLoginActivity     androidlabelstringactivitysetwallpapergt     ltintentfiltergt         ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.SETWALLPAPER gt         ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt     ltintentfiltergt   ltactivityaliasgt   ltapplicationgt   ltmanifestgt codepre  pbut i want to one of this activities alias activity install on Internal storage phone memory and other install on external storagep
Negative 42922 pIm using bootstrap to make a dropdown menu for login form, but when I click the image for login I cannot get the dropdown menu to display.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltul classnav navbarright navbarnavgt   ltligt     lta classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdown datatarget.dropdownmenu hrefgt       ltimg srcContentimgusericon.png gt     ltagt     ltdiv classdropdownmenu stylepadding50pxgt       ltform classform idformLogingt         ltinput nameusername idusername typetext placeholderUsernamegtenter code here         ltinput namepassword idpassword typepassword placeholderPasswordgt         ltbrgt         ltbutton typebutton idbtnLogin classbtngtLoginltbuttongt         ltbrgt         ltbrgt         ltpgtDont have an account  ltagtltspan stylecolor bluegtSign Upltspangtltagt         ltpgt        ltformgt     ltdivgt   ltligt   ltli classdividerverticalgtltligt   ltligt     lta hrefabout classcartgt       ltimg srcContentimgshoppingcarticon.png gt       ltp idcountiteminscgt88ltpgt     ltagt   ltligt ltulgtcodepre div div p  pI have added javascript and css from bootstrap, why doesnt my login form showp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pthis is my code in fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net20jttkzh relnofollowhereap
Negative 42922 pIn Android Wear Google play music seems to integrate somehow generic music controls, in Android 5 lollipop this can be done using codeMediaSessioncode, however in pre Lollipop you cant. You can use codeMedicaControllerCompatcode but seems this does not work, do nothing on pre Lollipop. So how can i make a Music Media contoller Android wear or Google music mini can skip next or prev track from spotify for example p
Negative 42922 pI am having trouble centering an ID in the login page of outlook.com. The ID of the login box is signInTD. I have tried using the right style to center it. However, I have managed to make it look like it is in the center but I want to make sure that it is in the center when looking at it from bigger screen or browser. What should I use to achieve thisp  pHere is a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net4sm3uwhb2 relnofollowjsfiddlea link to the login box.p  pThanks.p  pThis is what I have tried.p  precodesignInID right 195px important codepre
Negative 42922 pIm writing a modulelevel integration test for a system using Spring Integration. I need the integration plan up and running but at this level am still using codeMockMvccode and a mocked repository interface to ensure that I have all of my mappings, conversions, and message routing correct.p  pRight now, my modulelevel codeEnablecode configuration is metaannotated with codeEnableMongoRepositoriescode, and the Spring test runner aborts because it doesnt have a live codemongoTemplatecode to create the repositories from the mock repository doesnt prevent the attempt to create real ones.p  pI know that I can conditionalize the inclusion of codeEnableMongoRepositoriescode, but is there simpler way to tell Spring Data not to create repository proxies if Im already supplying mocks for themp
Negative 42922 pThe same code ran on Cmake in windows finds the libraries, but on mac it cannot find them.The code finds the Include directories fine just not the librariesp  pHere is a screen of the Cmake output img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6qRa3.png altenter image description herep  pAnd here is a Screen of the Directory structure img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJzcqS.png altenter image description herep  phere is the CMakeLists.txt p  precodecmakeminimumrequiredVERSION 2.6  project GameCreatorEngine   version can be passed into the application from CMake TODO  setcmaketestVERSIONMAJOR 1 setcmaketestVERSIONMINOR 3   compiler flags  adddefinitions     c     W4    SDL LIB INCLUDES  SET SDL2SEARCHPATHS     SDL2ROOTDIR                     .reslibSDL2   FINDPATH SDL2INCLUDEDIRS     NAMES         SDL.h SDL2SDL.h     PATHS         SDL2SEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         include   FINDLIBRARY SDL2     NAMES         SDL2.lib      PATHS         SDL2SEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         lib   FINDLIBRARY SDL2MAIN     NAMES         SDL2main.lib      PATHS         SDL2SEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         lib   IF  SDL2INCLUDEDIRS AND SDL2MAIN AND SDL2     SET SDL2FOUND TRUE      MESSAGESTATUS Looking for SDL2  found ELSE  SDL2INCLUDEDIRS AND SDL2MAIN AND SDL2      SET SDL2FOUND FALSE      MESSAGESTATUS Looking for SDL2  not found ENDIF  SDL2INCLUDEDIRS AND SDL2MAIN AND SDL2    GLEW LIB INCLUDES  SETGLEWSEARCHPATHS     GLEWROOTDIR                     .reslibGLEW   FINDPATH GLEWINCLUDEDIRS     NAMES         glew.h     PATHS         GLEWSEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         include   FINDLIBRARY GLEWLIBRARIES     NAMES         glew32     PATHS         GLEWSEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         libReleaseWin32   IF  GLEWINCLUDEDIRS AND GLEWLIBRARIES      SET GLEWFOUND TRUE      MESSAGE STATUS Looking for GLEW  found  ELSE  GLEWINCLUDEDIRS AND GLEWLIBRARIES      SET GLEWFOUND FALSE      MESSAGE STATUS Looking for GLEW  not found  ENDIF  GLEWINCLUDEDIRS AND GLEWLIBRARIES    ASSIMP   SETASSIMPSEARCHPATHS     ASSIMPROOTDIR                   .reslibassimp   FINDPATH ASSIMPINCLUDEDIRS     NAMES         mesh.h     PATHS         ASSIMPSEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         include   FINDLIBRARY ASSIMPLIBRARIES     NAMES         assimp ASSIMP     PATHS         ASSIMPSEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         lib         libx86          libx64   IF  ASSIMPINCLUDEDIRS AND ASSIMPLIBRARIES      SET ASSIMPFOUND TRUE      MESSAGESTATUS Looking for ASSIMP  found ELSE  ASSIMPINCLUDEDIRS AND ASSIMPLIBRARIES      SET ASSIMPFOUND FALSE      MESSAGESTATUS Looking for ASSIMP  not found ENDIF  ASSIMPINCLUDEDIRS AND ASSIMPLIBRARIES    glm maths lib SET GLMSEARCHPATHS     GLMROOTDIR                  .reslibglm   FINDPATH GLMINCLUDEDIRS     NAMES         glm.hpp     PATHS         GLMSEARCHPATHS     PATHSUFFIXES         include   IF  GLMINCLUDEDIRS     SET GLMFOUND TRUE      MESSAGESTATUS Looking for GLM  found ELSE  GLMINCLUDEDIRS      SET ASSIMPFOUND FALSE      MESSAGESTATUS Looking for GLM  not found ENDIF  GLMINCLUDEDIRS    OpenGL findpackageOpenGL REQUIRED   GameCreatorLibrary  fileGLOB HDRS ENGINESOURCEDIRsrc.h fileGLOB SRCS ENGINESOURCEDIRsrc.cpp src.c addexecutableGameCreatorEngine HDRS SRCS   Define the include DIRs includedirectories     SDL2INCLUDEDIRS     GLEWINCLUDEDIRS     ASSIMPINCLUDEDIRS     GLMINCLUDEDIRS     OPENGLINCLUDEDIRS     ENGINESOURCEDIRheaders     ENGINESOURCEDIRsources    Define the link libraries targetlinklibraries GameCreatorEngine     SDL2     SDL2MAIN     GLEWLIBRARIES     ASSIMPLIBRARIES     OPENGLLIBRARIES  codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to extract features in my image  cropped iris. But I have problems with parameters. I also dont know how exacly it works. Ive already red a lot of topics about this issue in the web, but I cant answer my questions. p  pInput image p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4VITt.jpg altCropped iris in cartesianp  pI use OpenCV library, and I writte this code p  precodedouble kSize  11.0 double sigma  2, theta  Math.PI4, lambda  4.0, gamma  0.6 Mat kernel  Imgproc.getGaborKernelnew SizekSize, kSize, sigma, theta, lambda, gamma Mat dest  new Matsource.rows, source.cols, source.type Imgproc.filter2Dsrc, dest, CvType.CV64F, kernel codepre  pAnd I get the following image p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comEY381.jpg altOutputp  pIf my parameters are right I want to get some more wavelets and display it in my application. How should I changing params to get good results  I also want to extract and save a Gabor features. Could someone place some piece of code as an answer for this question p  pI will be verry glad if someone want to help me. I get stuck with this, and I try to code this 3 day..p
Negative 42922 pI have faced a critical issue.p  pMy application architecture is decribed as followingp  pnginx  web app expressnodejs  api jettyjava  mysqlp  pThe API application is well optimized so its performance does not need to be mentioned here. 200msreq with 100 reqssp  pMy web applicationp  ol lia hrefhttpexpressjs.com relnofollowExpressali lia hrefhttppaularmstrong.github.ioswig relnofollowSwig template engineali ol  pWhen doing profile log, I noticed that HTML rendering time by Swig template engine blocks IO too long, so it increases waiting time of other pending requests dramatically.p  pFor rendering 1MB texthtml response, Swig template takes 250ms.p  hr  pHere is output of my stresstestp  precode node stress.js 20 Receive response [0]  200  431.682654ms Receive response [1]  200  419.248099ms Receive response [2]  200  670.558033ms Receive response [4]  200  920.763105ms Receive response [3]  200  986.20115ms Receive response [7]  200  1521.330763ms Receive response [5]  200  1622.569327ms Receive response [9]  200  1424.500137ms Receive response [13]  200  1643.676996ms Receive response [14]  200  1595.958319ms Receive response [10]  200  1798.043086ms Receive response [15]  200  1551.028243ms Receive response [8]  200  1944.247382ms Receive response [6]  200  2044.866157ms Receive response [11]  200  2162.960215ms Receive response [17]  200  1941.155794ms Receive response [16]  200  1992.213563ms Receive response [12]  200  2315.330372ms Receive response [18]  200  2571.841722ms Receive response [19]  200  2523.899486ms AVG 1604.10ms codepre  pAs you can see, the later request, the longer waiting time.p  pWhen I return response code instead of render HTML, by modify some codep  precodefunction renderreq, res, next, model      return res.status200.end  add this line     res.renderlist, model  codepre  pThe stresstest output changes top  precode node stress.js 20 Receive response [0]  200  147.738725ms Receive response [1]  200  204.656645ms Receive response [2]  200  176.583635ms Receive response [3]  200  218.785931ms Receive response [4]  200  194.479036ms Receive response [6]  200  191.531871ms Receive response [5]  200  265.371646ms Receive response [7]  200  294.373466ms Receive response [8]  200  262.097708ms Receive response [10]  200  282.183757ms Receive response [11]  200  249.842496ms Receive response [9]  200  371.228602ms Receive response [14]  200  236.945983ms Receive response [13]  200  304.847457ms Receive response [12]  200  377.766879ms Receive response [15]  200  332.011981ms Receive response [16]  200  306.347012ms Receive response [17]  200  284.942474ms Receive response [19]  200  249.047099ms Receive response [18]  200  315.11977ms AVG 263.30ms codepre  hr  pThere are some solutions I tried to implement before, but none of them can reduce the response timep  h3Use a hrefhttpnodejs.orgapicluster.html relnofollownodeclustera 2 workers in my serverh3  precodeif conf.cluster       cluster setup     var cluster  requirecluster     var numCPUs  requireos.cpus.length      if cluster.isMaster          for var i  0 i lt numCPUs i              cluster.fork                   cluster.onexit, functionworker, code, signal              console.logWorker   worker.process.pid   died               create new worker             cluster.fork               else          rekserver.listenconf.port, function              console.logApplication started at port   conf.port   [PID   process.pid  ]                else      rekserver.listenconf.port, function          console.logApplication started at port   conf.port   [PID   process.pid  ]       codepre  h3Use a hrefhttpjxcore.comtutorials relnofollowJXCorea with 16 threads max threads noh3  precodejx mtkeep16 app.js codepre  h3Use a hrefhttpnginx.orgendocshttploadbalancing.html relnofollowNGINX load balancingah3  pStart 4 node processesp  precode PORT3000 forever start app.js  PORT3001 forever start app.js  PORT3002 forever start app.js  PORT3003 forever start app.js codepre  pnginx.confp  precodeupstream webapp      server 127.0.0.13000     server 127.0.0.13001     server 127.0.0.13002     server 127.0.0.13003   server      listen 80      location           proxypass httpwebapp           [...]  codepre  pI thought all above solutions would provide multiple processesthreads that do not block each other when executing heavytask like HTML rendering, but the results are not the same as my expectation strongthe waiting time is not reducedstrong. Although the logs show requests are actually served by multiple processesthreads.p  pDo I miss any points herep  pOr could you please show me another solution to reduce the waiting timep
Negative 42922 pGoogle maps just told my theyre deprecating their kmlkmz mapping service in Google Maps in February 2015.p  pSee a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.commapssupportkmlmaps relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.commapssupportkmlmapsap  pI appreciate to be able to display my kmlkmz files in a a hrefhttpsmaps.google.commapsfqampsourceembedamphlnlampgeocodeampqhttpradioactiefafval.nlbijlagenkleienzoutlagen.php relnofollowmapa, but I cant find a dropin replacement. Any suggestionsp  pI dont really want to make Googleaccount...p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to secure a REST API using Spring security 3.2.5 and a java based configuration. Actually ive found many examples developed with an old xml approach, but nothing with a complete java configuration. Where can i find some useful tutorialp  pThe project creates a REST API and some jsp usesd to allow the admin to populate an underlyin DB Hibernate is used as ORMp  pHere is my Config classp  precodepackage com.idk.fantappapaback.spring  import java.util.Properties  import javax.sql.DataSource  import org.apache.tomcat.dbcp.dbcp.BasicDataSource import org.hibernate.SessionFactory import org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired import org.springframework.context.annotation.Bean import org.springframework.context.annotation.ComponentScan import org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration import org.springframework.context.annotation.Import import org.springframework.context.annotation.PropertySource import org.springframework.core.env.Environment import org.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessor import org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.HibernateTransactionManager import org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBean import org.springframework.transaction.annotation.EnableTransactionManagement import org.springframework.web.multipart.support.StandardServletMultipartResolver import org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation.DefaultServletHandlerConfigurer import org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation.EnableWebMvc import org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation.ResourceHandlerRegistry import org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation.WebMvcConfigurerAdapter import org.springframework.web.servlet.view.JstlView import org.springframework.web.servlet.view.UrlBasedViewResolver  import com.google.common.base.Preconditions import com.idk.fantappapaback.spring.security.SecurityConfig  Configuration EnableWebMvc EnableTransactionManagement PropertySource classpathpersistencemysql.properties  ComponentScan com.idk.fantappapaback.persistence,com.idk.fantappapaback.rest,com.idk.fantappapaback.spring.controllers,com.idk.fantappapaback.spring.security  Import SecurityConfig.class  public class BackEndConfig extends WebMvcConfigurerAdapter      Autowired     private Environment env      public BackEndConfig          super            lapplication context estrae il session factory da questo bean     Bean     public LocalSessionFactoryBean sessionFactory          final LocalSessionFactoryBean sessionFactory  new LocalSessionFactoryBean         sessionFactory.setDataSourcerestDataSource         sessionFactory.setPackagesToScannew String[]  com.idk.fantappapaback.persistence.model          sessionFactory.setHibernatePropertieshibernateProperties          return sessionFactory           Bean     public DataSource restDataSource          final BasicDataSource dataSource  new BasicDataSource         dataSource.setDriverClassNamePreconditions.checkNotNullenv.getPropertyjdbc.driverClassName         dataSource.setUrlPreconditions.checkNotNullenv.getPropertyjdbc.url         dataSource.setUsernamePreconditions.checkNotNullenv.getPropertyjdbc.user         dataSource.setPasswordPreconditions.checkNotNullenv.getPropertyjdbc.pass          return dataSource           Bean     Autowired     public HibernateTransactionManager transactionManagerfinal SessionFactory sessionFactory          final HibernateTransactionManager txManager  new HibernateTransactionManager         txManager.setSessionFactorysessionFactory          return txManager           Bean     public PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessor exceptionTranslation          return new PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessor           final Properties hibernateProperties          final Properties hibernateProperties  new Properties         hibernateProperties.setPropertyhibernate.hbm2ddl.auto, env.getPropertyhibernate.hbm2ddl.auto         hibernateProperties.setPropertyhibernate.dialect, env.getPropertyhibernate.dialect          Proprieta per loutput delle query in sql che qui disabilito           hibernateProperties.setPropertyhibernate.showsql, true          hibernateProperties.setPropertyhibernate.formatsql, true          hibernateProperties.setPropertyhibernate.globallyquotedidentifiers, true          return hibernateProperties            Bean       public UrlBasedViewResolver setupViewResolver            UrlBasedViewResolver resolver  new UrlBasedViewResolver           resolver.setPrefixWEBINFviews           resolver.setSuffix.jsp           resolver.setViewClassJstlView.class         return resolver             Override     public void configureDefaultServletHandlingDefaultServletHandlerConfigurer configurer        configurer.enable          Bean     public StandardServletMultipartResolver multipartResolver         return new StandardServletMultipartResolver          Override     public void addResourceHandlersResourceHandlerRegistry registry            registry.addResourceHandlerresources             .addResourceLocationsresources           registry.addResourceHandlercss          .addResourceLocationscss         registry.addResourceHandlerimg          .addResourceLocationsimg           registry.addResourceHandlerjs             .addResourceLocationsjs            codepre  pthis is my very basic Security config that i use to have a form log in on the jsp viewsp  precodepackage com.idk.fantappapaback.spring.security  import org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired import org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration import org.springframework.context.annotation.Import import org.springframework.security.config.annotation.authentication.builders.AuthenticationManagerBuilder import org.springframework.security.config.annotation.web.builders.HttpSecurity import org.springframework.security.config.annotation.web.configuration.EnableWebSecurity import org.springframework.security.config.annotation.web.configuration.WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter   Import SecurityConfig.class  nella BackEndConfig Configuration EnableWebSecurity public class SecurityConfig extends WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter    Autowired      public void configureGlobalAuthenticationManagerBuilder auth throws Exception    auth.inMemoryAuthentication.withUsermasquenada.password123456.rolesUSER    auth.inMemoryAuthentication.withUsermasquenada.password123456.rolesADMIN     auth.inMemoryAuthentication.withUsermasquenada.password123456.rolesSUPERADMIN                 Override   protected void configureHttpSecurity http throws Exception           http.authorizeRequests      .antMatchersplayers.accesshasRoleROLEUSER      .antMatcherscreateSeason.accesshasRoleROLESUPERADMIN   .and.formLogin.permitAll      .and.httpBasic            codepre  phere is my SecurityWebApplicationInitializer p  precodepackage com.idk.fantappapaback.spring.security  import org.springframework.security.web.context.  public class SecurityWebApplicationInitializer       extends AbstractSecurityWebApplicationInitializer    codepre  pThe main question is  how to add the token based autorization Ive added Spring oAuth 2 and  Spring integration to my pom but i need some hint about introducing spring oAuth keeping the form login.p
Negative 42922 pOkay so Im building a program for work to track volume each day and also split the volume up to how much each different location receives. There are 8 lines in the building. The Text file consists of the days date, the total volume for the building and the volume for each location PEN.p  pIm running into two problems right now both are segregated to my readDay function. where result  fscanfpiDate, 40, fp issues are 1. Incompatible integer to pointer conversion passing int to parameter of type const char 2. Incompatible pointer types passing char[40] to parameter of type FILEaka structsFILEp  pCan anyone explain to me what these issues mean. Or if you need any more info in order to help me feel free to ask. p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  struct  Day   char Date[40] int Total int Pen1 int Pen2 int Pen3 int Pen4 int Pen5 int Pen6 int Pen7 int Pen8     const char fileName []  UPS.txt  void StartRecordvoid void printDaystruct Day pi void writeDayFILE fp, struct Day pi int readDayFILE fp, struct Day pi void readFilevoid void addDayvoid    int mainint argc, const char  argv[]   StartRecord  int choice printfEnter 1 to read this file or enter 2 to add to it. scanfd, ampchoice switch choice      case 1 readFile         break     default printfNot a valid choicen         break  getchar getchar     void StartRecordvoid      int count int i struct Day aDay FILE fp  fp  fopenfileName, w if fp  NULL      printfEnter volume for how many days      scanfd, ampcount     for i  0 i lt count i          printfWhat is todays date          getsaDay.Date         printfWhat was the total volume for the building for the day         scanfd, ampaDay.Total         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 1          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen1         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 2          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen2         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 3          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen3         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 4          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen4         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 5          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen5         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 6          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen6         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 7          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen7         printfWhat was the volume for Pen 8          scanfd, ampaDay.Pen8         getchar         writeDayfp, ampaDay          fclosefp else      printfnError opening file.n     void readFilevoid  FILE fp struct Day aDay  fp  fopenfileName, r if fp  NULL      while readDayfp, ampaDay          printDayampaDay          fclosefp  else       printfnError opening Filen    void writeDayFILE fp, struct Day pi  fprintffp, sn, pigtDate fprintffp, dn, pigtTotal fprintffp, dn, pigtPen1 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen2 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen3 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen4 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen5 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen6 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen7 fprintffp, dn, pigtPen8   int readDayFILE fp, struct Day pi   int result  fgetcfp     read the endline result  fscanfpigtDate, 40, fp if result  EOF      return 0  fscanffp, d, amppigtTotal fscanffp, d, amppigtPen1 return 1    void PrintDaystruct Day pi   printfRecords for the day of sn, pigtDate printfTotal Volume d, pigtTotal printfVolume for Pen 1 d, pigtPen1 printfVolume for Pen 2 d, pigtPen2 printfVolume for Pen 3 d, pigtPen3 printfVolume for Pen 4 d, pigtPen4 printfVolume for Pen 5 d, pigtPen5 printfVolume for Pen 6 d, pigtPen6 printfVolume for Pen 7 d, pigtPen7 printfVolume for Pen 8 d, pigtPen8 printfnn   codepre
Negative 42922 pHow do I make it so I can enter 10 or less elements into an array, and then print the number or elementsp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  define MAXSIZE 10  int main      int a[MAXSIZE], i     printfEnter up to d different numbers seperated by spaces n, MAXSIZE     fori0 i lt MAXSIZE i         scanfd, ampa[i]       printfLength lun, sizeofMAXSIZE      return 0  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm banging my head to the wall with celeryd and RabbitMQ. p  pThis example from tutorial is working just finep  precodefrom celery import Celery  app  Celerytasks, backendamqp, brokeramqp  app.task def addx, y return x  y codepre  pI runp  precodecelery A tasks worker loglevelinfo codepre  pAnd I get the output p  precode[20141118 194758,874 INFOMainProcess] Connected to amqpguest127.0.0.15672 [20141118 194758,881 INFOMainProcess] mingle searching for neighbors [20141118 194759,889 INFOMainProcess] mingle all alone [20141118 194759,896 WARNINGMainProcess] celeryvagrantubuntutrusty64 ready. codepre  pI can run the task now from python repl and get a result.p  pBut when I install celeryd, the process hangs up on the minglestepp  precode[20141118 201833,893 INFOMainProcess] mingle searching for neighbors codepre  pNo output after this appears.p  pMy etcdefaultceleryd looks like thisp  precodeENABLEDtrue CELERYDNODESw1 CELERYDCHDIRhomemyusernamesrccelerytest CELERYDOPTStimelimit300 concurrency8 CELERYCONFIGMODULEceleryconfig CELERYDLOGFILEvarlogceleryn.log CELERYDUSERcelery CELERYDGROUPcelery codepre  pIm using these versionsp  pUbuntu 14.04 celery 3.1.16 Cipater celeryd 3.1.61ubuntu1 rabbitmqserver 3.2.41 Python 2.7.6p  pSo without daemonizing, celery can initialize itself, but with daemon celeryd hangs on the minglestep apparently.p  pSome forums suggest that this is a problem with RabbitMQ reaching a disk space limit. I have plenty of disk, and RabbitMQs own logs do not indicate any problem.p
Negative 42922 pSeveral months ago a second exchange server was installed in our domain at a data center, wearas the first server is located at the local office location.br Both Servers are exchange 2010 SP2 and everybody user outlook 2010 and both have a separate UCC SSL certificate for their own domain.br Both servers have CAS, Hub and Mailbox server roles.br Half of the existing staff members were moved to the new server and are sending and receiving emails via the new server trusted domain.br The biggest issue for the staff members on the new server is that the shared calendars work very slow. often when opening a shared calendar or setting up a meeting outlook just gets stuck and after half a minute or so and pops up a message Outlook is trying to retrieve data from Microsoft Exchange server emserver name.domainem.  this mainly happens when attempting to add rooms from the address book and then pops up an error the operation failed.br Sometimes a message that pops up is p  precodeThe address list cannot be displayed.  The connection to Microsoft exchange is unavailable.  Outlook must be online or connected to complete this action.  codepre  pThis is an issue that everybody experiences from the new exchange server. when comparing the the configurations of the two servers noticed that the local autodiscover url of the original EXCH SRV was a hrefhttpsmail.domain.comAutodiscoverAutodiscover.xml relnofollowhttpsmail.domain.comAutodiscoverAutodiscover.xmla and not httpsnetbiosnameAutodiscoverAutodiscover.xml.br After changing the internal URL for the new server to be the same as the external the performance improved a lot, but there are still many of those popup messages and spinning wheels. And it seems like lately the problem is just getting as bad as it was before the change.br There are no errors or warnings in event viewer.br I have setup fiddler on my pc and i noticed a number of errors  p  ol liThere are many 401s when connecting to ewsexchange.asmx. After several 401, there is a 200.li liOutlook connects to the EXCHserver1 autodiscover and not EXCHserverNew  and also gets several 401s before getting to the 200. li ol  pWhen working on an account that is located on EXCHserver1 in fiddler you can just see direct tunnels to mail.domain.com.br When I loaded a mailbox at the data center where the EXCHserverNew is located the performance was much faster but still not 100, and there were still the same errors showing in fiddler.br But when I tried a EXCHserver1 account at the data center, everything worked just fine.br My last resort to solve this is to move the New exchange server to the local office, which I want to avoid since it wont solve the problem 100.  p
Negative 42922 pI want to write a C code which calls a remote web service in another machine. For this I have to pass username and password in the SOAP header of the call.p  pI would like to know an example of code to make this in C.p  pthe produced XML should be like p  precodeltenvHeadergt     ltns1Securitygt         ltns1UsernameTokengt             ltns1UsernamegtXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXltns1Usernamegt             ltns1PasswordgtYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYltns1Passwordgt         ltns1UsernameTokengt     ltns1Securitygt ltenvHeadergt codepre  pThanks in advance J.p
Negative 42922 pI have Linux redhat machine And I not sure what the concept about the directory tmpp  pHow to know if the files under  tmp will deleted after reboot or maybe will deleted after some timep  pWhich fileconfiguration in my Linux machine responsible for that  And if it possible to change the rules therep  premark my crontab is empty  no deleted Job therep
Negative 42922 pI am storing some data in data. when i click on button the data in the coredata will be delete. I am using the below code.p  precodeNSManagedObjectContext context  [[YPOAppDelegate sharedAppDelegate] managedObjectContext] NSManagedObjectModel model  [[YPOAppDelegate sharedAppDelegate] managedObjectModel]  for NSEntityDescription entity in model       NSFetchRequest fetchRequest  [[NSFetchRequest alloc] init]      [fetchRequest setEntityentity]      [fetchRequest setIncludesSubentitiesNO]      NSArray objects  [context executeFetchRequestfetchRequest errornil]      NSLogobjects d,objects.count      for NSManagedObject managedObject in objects                   [context deleteObjectmanagedObject]         NSError err  [context saveamperr] codepre  pIts getting an error and app is crashed that is strongTerminating app due to uncaught exception NSObjectInaccessibleException, reason CoreData could not fulfill a fault for 0x7e3937f0 strongp  pHow to fix this crash issue. Please give me your suggestions.p
Negative 42922 pI have a layout in which I want to add classes to the body depending on which view is being displayed, i.e.p  precodeltbody classlayoutdefault pageindexgt codepre  pI can do this in Twig quite easily OctoberCMS uses Twig but I cant see a way to do it with Laravels Blade templates which I prefer anyway.p  pId rather not have to pass a variable to every codeViewmakecode with the view name as this seems redundant.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to change the codebackgroundcode and codetitlecode of the codetoolbar widgetcode set as codeactionbarcode.p  precodefinal Toolbar toolbar  Toolbar findViewByIdR.id.myawesometoolbar setSupportActionBartoolbar codepre  pIt want it like the Google Play Store App.  br  Apps  Grey background and Apps title br  My Apps  Green background and My Apps title br  so i tried already to change the title withp  precodeToolbar toolbar  Toolbar rootView.findViewByIdR.id.myawesometoolbar toolbar.setTitleJiji  toolbar toolbar  Toolbar rootView.findViewByIdR.id.myawesometoolbar toolbar.setTitleJiji getActivity.setActionBartoolbar  error incompatible types android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar cannot be converted to android.widget.Toolbar  getActivity.setTitleododo works for a short moment codepre  pfor the background there is just a method called codesetBackgroundDrawablecode marked as deprecatedbut the method dont work for me  maybe releated a hrefhttpscode.google.compandroidissuesdetailid78471ampcolspecID20Type20Status20Owner20Summary20Stars relnofollowhttpscode.google.compandroidissuesdetailid78471ampcolspecID20Type20Status20Owner20Summary20Starsap  pany idea is welcome p
Negative 42922 pI am new in linux, and i have an assignment about FUSE.p  pMy FUSE need to be able open a file, edit, and rename it. Here is my full codep  precodeinclude ltfuse.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltfcntl.hgt include ltdirent.hgt include lterrno.hgt include ltsysstatfs.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt  static const char dirpath   homecync48Downloads  static int xmpgetattrconst char path, struct stat stbuf      int res     char fpath[1000]     sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path     res  lstatfpath, stbuf      ifres  1         return errno          return 0     static int xmpreaddirconst char path, void buf, fusefilldirt filler,                offt offset, struct fusefileinfo fi       char fpath[1000]     ifstrcmppath,0              path  dirpath         sprintffpath, s, path          else         sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path      DIR dp     struct dirent de      void offset     void fi      dp  opendirfpath     if dp  NULL         return errno      while de  readdirdp  NULL          struct stat st         memsetampst, 0, sizeofst         st.stino  degtdino         st.stmode  degtdtype ltlt 12         if fillerbuf, degtdname, ampst, 0             break           closedirdp     return 0   static int xmpmknodconst char path, modet mode, devt rdev      int res     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path      On Linux this could just be mknodpath, mode, rdev but thisis more portable     if SISREGmode          res  openfpath, OCREAT  OEXCL  OWRONLY, mode         if res gt 0             res  closeres      else if SISFIFOmode         res  mkfifofpath, mode     else         res  mknodfpath, mode, rdev     if res  1         return errno      return 0   static int xmpmkdirconst char path, modet mode      int res     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path     res  mkdirfpath, mode     if res  1         return errno      return 0   static int xmpunlinkconst char path      int res     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path      res  unlinkfpath     if res  1         return errno      return 0   static int xmprmdirconst char path      int res     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path      res  rmdirfpath     if res  1         return errno      return 0   static int xmprenameconst char from, const char to      int res      res  renamefrom, to     if res  1         return errno      return 0   static int xmpopenconst char path, struct fusefileinfo fi      int res     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path     void fi     res  openfpath, figtflags     if res  1         return errno      closeres     return 0   static int xmpreadconst char path, char buf, sizet size, offt offset,             struct fusefileinfo fi      int fd     int res     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path      void fi     fd  openpath, ORDONLY     if fd  1         return errno      res  preadfd, buf, size, offset     if res  1         res  errno      closefd     return res   static int xmpwriteconst char path, const char buf, sizet size,              offt offset, struct fusefileinfo fi      int fd     int res      char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path      void fi     fd  openfpath, OWRONLY     if fd  1         return errno      res  pwritefd, buf, size, offset     if res  1         res  errno      closefd     return res   static int xmpreleaseconst char path, struct fusefileinfo fi      Just a stub.   This method is optional and can safely be left unimplemented     char fpath[1000]      sprintffpath, ss, dirpath, path     void fpath     void fi     return 0   static struct fuseoperations xmpoper       .getattr     xmpgetattr,     .mknod       xmpmknod,     .mkdir       xmpmkdir,     .readdir      xmpreaddir,     .unlink      xmpunlink,     .rmdir       xmprmdir,     .rename      xmprename,     .open        xmpopen,     .read        xmpread,     .write       xmpwrite,     .release     xmprelease,   int mainint argc, char argv[]      umask0     return fusemainargc, argv, ampxmpoper, NULL  codepre  ol liI still cannot open a file, the error is emToo many open files ins systememli liI still cannot rename a file, i write the exact syntax to rename a file  mv name newname  but it said about moving a file.li ol  pDoes my code incorrectp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to index all data from my db to ES, using curl without bulk indexer. I am indexing data record by record. Its working fine but when data is increased above around 80000 or more documents ES start skipping records. After skipping a few records it starts working again and then the same behaviour returns... Do you have any idea about thisp
Negative 42922 pQuestion again, guys.p  pI use MediaExtractor and MediaCodec to play MP4 file on android device. Everything works fine until  I try to add Extractor.seekto.p  pIf I just play mp3 file with my player,seeking functions well. However, when I try it with MP4 file, the video is not updated. I tried to debug the code, finding out that the   codemPlayerExtractor.getSampleTrackIndexcode always returns 1 Refer to the audio track. p  pBut I do not know how to fix it.p  pI cannot put all my code here. So please give me some advise first. Thanks a lot.p  pUpdate I can seek backward for both mp4 file and webm file. If I seek forward with webm file, The video starts to play after the same time of jumped time of the seeking operation. For mp4 file, it just never starts again.p
Negative 42922 pI downloaded code from a hrefhttpsgithub.comtjerkwAndroidSlideExpandableListView relnofollowthis repoa, and create a project for it, and copy all source code to the new project. p  pThe new project build successfully. p  pThe project contains two modules sample and libraryp  pModule library contains some class and a few resource idp  pModule sample depends on library. When run the app on device, it crashes with exceptionp  precodeWdalvikvm13442 VFY unable to resolve static field 5319 expandabletogglebutton in LcomtjerkwslideexpandablelibraryRid Ddalvikvm13442 VFY replacing opcode 0x60 at 0x0000 Idalvikvm13442 DexOpt unable to optimize static field ref 0x14c6 at 0x02 in LcomtjerkwslideexpandablelibrarySlideExpandableListAdapter.ltinitgt DAndroidRuntime13442 Shutting down VM Wdalvikvm13442 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x41c75da0 EAndroidRuntime13442 FATAL EXCEPTION main EAndroidRuntime13442 Process com.lxj.testslideexpandablelistview, PID 13442 EAndroidRuntime13442 java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError com.tjerkw.slideexpandable.library.Rid EAndroidRuntime13442    at com.tjerkw.slideexpandable.library.SlideExpandableListAdapter.ltinitgtSlideExpandableListAdapter.java25 EAndroidRuntime13442    at com.tjerkw.slideexpandable.library.SlideExpandableListView.setAdapterSlideExpandableListView.java43 EAndroidRuntime13442    at com.tjerkw.slideexpandable.library.ActionSlideExpandableListView.setAdapterActionSlideExpandableListView.java56 EAndroidRuntime13442    at com.tjerkw.slideexpandable.sample.ExampleActivity.onCreateExampleActivity.java35 codepre  pI extractdecompile the apk file, and find the resource id is there, but with different valuep  precodepublic static final int expandabletogglebutton  2131230725 codepre  pHow to solve it I search around the internet, all the articles are referring to Eclipse, but I am using Android Studio. Can anybody give help Thanks.p  pThe root build.gradle is thisp  precode Toplevel build file where you can add configuration options common to all subprojectsmodules.  buildscript      repositories          jcenter          dependencies          classpath com.android.tools.buildgradle0.13.2           NOTE Do not place your application dependencies here they belong          in the individual module build.gradle files        allprojects      repositories          jcenter       codepre  pThe library build.gradlep  precodeapply plugin com.android.library  android      compileSdkVersion 21     buildToolsVersion 21.1.1      defaultConfig          applicationId com.lxj.slideexpandablelistview         minSdkVersion 11         targetSdkVersion 21         versionCode 1         versionName 1.0          buildTypes          release              runProguard false             proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.pro                         dependencies      compile fileTreedir libs, include [.jar]     compile com.android.supportappcompatv721.0.0  codepre  pThe sample build.gradlep  precodeapply plugin com.android.application  android      compileSdkVersion 21     buildToolsVersion 21.1.1      defaultConfig          applicationId com.lxj.testslideexpandablelistview         minSdkVersion 11         targetSdkVersion 21         versionCode 1         versionName 1.0          buildTypes          release              runProguard false             proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.pro                 dependencies      compile fileTreedir libs, include [.jar]     compile com.android.supportappcompatv721.0.0     compile projectlibrary  codepre
Negative 42922 pThis is the Java class that displays the array items alongside their images. I want to create an codeOnListItemClickcode such that when the user clicks on an item it goes to a particular activityp  precodepublic class MenuActivity  extends ListActivity      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState          setContentViewR.layout.mainmenu           setListAdapternew MyAdapterthis, android.R.layout.simplelistitem1, R.id.optionID , getResources.getStringArrayR.array.mainoptions            private class MyAdapter extends ArrayAdapterltStringgt          public MyAdapterContext context, int resource, int textViewResourceId,                 String[] strings              supercontext, resource, textViewResourceId, strings              TODO Autogenerated constructor stub                   Override         public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent               TODO Autogenerated method stub              LayoutInflater inflater  LayoutInflater getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE              View row  inflater.inflateR.layout.listmenu, parent , false               String[] items   getResources.getStringArrayR.array.mainoptions               ImageView iv  ImageView row.findViewByIdR.id.imageView1              TextView tv  TextView row.findViewByIdR.id.optionID               tv.setTextitems[position]               ifitems[position].equalsAdministration                 iv.setImageResourceR.drawable.admin                           else ifitems[position].equalsRegions and Divisions                 iv.setImageResourceR.drawable.regions                           else ifitems[position].equalsMonuments                 iv.setImageResourceR.drawable.monuments                           else ifitems[position].equalsHistorical Places                 iv.setImageResourceR.drawable.historical                           else ifitems[position].equalsResources                 iv.setImageResourceR.drawable.resources                            return row                  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm using Testlink, and I want to make it a hub for the management of as many types of tests as possible, but Im struggling with how to properly take advantage of Testlink in  Exploratory and sessionbased tests  Performance, Stress and Volume tests  BDDp  pIs there a way to use Testlink for the management of these type of tests, and behaviordriven developmentp
Negative 42922 pMy security yml is as followp  precodesecurity     encoders         FOSUserBundleModelUserInterface sha512      rolehierarchy         ROLEUSER        ROLEMEMBER         ROLEADMIN       ROLEUSER         ROLESUPERADMIN ROLEADMIN      providers         fosuserbundle             id fosuser.userprovider.username      firewalls         main             pattern              formlogin                 provider fosuserbundle                 csrfprovider form.csrfprovider             logout                 path   logout                 target                  invalidatesession false             anonymous    true      accesscontrol           path login,     role ISAUTHENTICATEDANONYMOUSLY            path register,   role ISAUTHENTICATEDANONYMOUSLY            path resetting,  role ISAUTHENTICATEDANONYMOUSLY            path profile,    role ROLEMEMBER            path admin,      role ROLEADMIN            path group,      role ROLEADMIN  codepre  pI have simply added a new role called codeROLEMEMBERcode and allowed only it to access the profile route.p  pIf profile is set to codeROLEUSERcode then this works fine.p  pI am using the FOSUserBundle, I have a fosgroup and fosusergroup table. The joining table as an example is below.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQ4HX3.png altfosusergroupp  pI have successfully used this table to give a user the member group, the roles for that group are just codeROLEMEMBERcode.p  pUsing the following code within a controller I can see that a user has the roles of codeROLEMEMBERcode and codeROLEUSERcode. p  precodeuser   thisgtgetUser usergtgetRoles codepre  pThis returnsp  precodearray2  [0]gt string11 ROLEMEMBER [1]gt string9 ROLEUSER   codepre  pThis is correct, I think. Yet the profile is inaccessible. If I change the profile to require codeROLEUSERcode then it works and it can be accessed. The interesting thing is that using the debug section of Symfony I can see that in fact my user does not have the member role.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnCGoR.png altno member rolep  pIs there a step I have missed that tells Symfony of the roles I have assigned my user, it seems that ensuring codegetRolescode returns the correct array does not work as I expected.p
Negative 42922 pstrongWhat I havestrong a Httpproxy server which downloads data for browser client. Standard client download request is about to download 1001000 files, each file is about 510Mb.p  pstrongProblemstrong that would be pretty confusing if I would redirect download stream directly to the client   about 1000 files at once.p  pstrongI wantstrong p  ol liForm archive on the fly while sending data to the clientli liDo not store information on the server because will face space problems very soonli ol  pstrongImportantstrong I need archive only to return structuredhierarchical data to the client. I have not need in compressingp  pstrongQuestionstrong emhow to make streaming to the client and pack data to an archive on the fly with Node.jsemp
Negative 42922 pI have a method to get the folder path of a particular filep  precodestring filePath  Path.CombineEnvironment.GetFolderPath                Environment.SpecialFolder.MyDocuments, file.txt codepre  pAnd later, I use this to read the text in the filep  precodeStreamReader rdr  new StreamReaderfilePath  CUsersltusergtDocumentsfile.txt         string myString  rdr.ReadToEnd codepre  pTrouble is, if the file doesnt exist, it throws a codeFileNotFoundExceptioncode obviously. I want to hopefully use an codeifelsecode to catch the error, in which the user can browse to find the file directly, but Im not sure what to use to verify if codefilePathcode is valid or not.p  pFor example, I cant usep  precodeif filePath  null codepre  pbecause the top method to retrieve the string will always return a value, whether or not it is valid. How can I solve thisp
Negative 42922 pIve been using MVC 5 with master branch of mono and I suspect mono that theres missing implementation for following attributep  precode[SessionStateSessionStateBehavior.ReadOnly] codepre  pI tried to decorate selected two controllers with the attribute and Thread.Sleep 5000. As results present these two requests were executed sequentially, not as one expect in parallel.p  pTo give a complete information, Ive been using modmono also master branch.p  pDo you have experiences with parallel execution for a single sessionp  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a UIButton that I add to my view controller view in a storyboard. I add centering constraints to position it and leading space constraints to limit its width. In code I addp  precodeself.button.titleLabel.numberOfLines  0 self.button.titleLabel.lineBreakMode  NSLineBreakByWordWrapping [self.button setTitleA real real real real real real real real long long name. forStateUIControlStateNormal] self.button.backgroundColor  [UIColor redColor] self.button.titleLabel.backgroundColor  [UIColor blueColor] codepre  pThe result is shown belowp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1k3od.png altenter image description herep  pI want the button to size to its content. How can I do thisp  pIve triedp  blockquote   p[self.button sizeToFit]p blockquote  pand Ive tried setting the content hugging and compression resistance autolayout constraints priorities to required.p  pIve also tried explicitly setting the contentEdgeInsets and titleEdgeInsets to UIEdgeInsetsZero and calling invalidateIntrinsicContentsize. p  pIve also noticed that if I place newline characters in the title string, the button does seem to resize to fit its content.p  pIm running on Xcode 6 and iOS 8 on the iphone 6 simulator.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to compile and run a fortran 90 code with gfortran on a windows 7 machine.p  pWhen I compile and link using p  precodegfortran ImyDir g Wall Wextra pedantic fimplicitnone fbacktrace fcheckall Wuninitialized Q Jbin parametricStudy.f90 o LDCP codepre  pI get the following errorp  precodeFatal Error Cant rename module file bininitializeubcsmod.mod0 to bininit ializeubcsmod.mod File exists codepre  pIf I delete the mod file in the folder bin, then it compiles without any problems, but I dont want to have to delete all of my .mod files in the folder every time I compile my code. What should I dop  pAny help is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pI have defined a custom button in Android.p  pThis is my strongstyles.xmlstrongp  precodeltstyle nameAppTheme parentAppBaseThemegt     ltitem nameandroidbuttonStylegtstyleCustomButtonStyleltitemgt ltstylegt  ltstyle nameCustomButtonStyle parentandroidstyleWidget.Buttongt     ltitem nameandroidbackgroundgtdrawablecustombuttonltitemgt ltstylegt codepre  pAnd this is my strongcustombutton.xmlstrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltselector xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt     ltitem androidstatewindowfocusedfalse androidstateenabledtrue androiddrawabledrawablebtncustomnormal gt     ltitem androidstatewindowfocusedfalse androidstateenabledfalse androiddrawabledrawablebtncustomdisabled gt     ltitem androidstatepressedtrue androiddrawabledrawablebtncustompressed gt     ltitem androidstatefocusedtrue androidstateenabledtrue androiddrawabledrawablebtncustomfocused gt     ltitem androidstateenabledtrue androiddrawabledrawablebtncustomnormal gt     ltitem androidstatefocusedtrue androiddrawabledrawablebtncustomdisabledfocused gt     ltitem androiddrawabledrawablebtncustomdisabled gt ltselectorgt codepre  pApplying the custom background works, but all buttons are now smaller, and the captions of the buttons are smaller, too. Why How can I make them appear exactly like the default buttons, but only with another backgroundp
Negative 42922 pI am new to Windows Phone. I have a vacation object which I want to update in my database. I use Spring as REST API, and I have a methodp  precodeRequestMappingvaluevacation, method  RequestMethod.PUT, consumes applicationjson public void updateVacationRequestBody Vacation vacation     new VacationDao.updatevacation  codepre  pIn my Windows Phone application, I have following put methodp  precodepublic async void PushSubscriptionSubscription subscription              try                       var httpWebRequest  HttpWebRequest WebRequest.CreateapiUrl             httpWebRequest.ContentType  textplain charsetutf8             httpWebRequest.Method  PUT               Write the request Asynchronously              using var stream  await Task.Factory.FromAsyncltStreamgthttpWebRequest.BeginGetRequestStream,                 httpWebRequest.EndGetRequestStream, null                              create some json string                 string json  JsonConvert.SerializeObjectsubscription                   convert json to byte array                 byte[] jsonAsBytes  Encoding.UTF8.GetBytesjson                   Write the bytes to the stream                 await stream.WriteAsyncjsonAsBytes, 0, jsonAsBytes.Length                 MessageBox.ShowIk geraak hier                               catch Exception ex                      MessageBox.Showex.Message               codepre  pI dont have any exception and Im sure Im passing the code in my WP client, but I cant pass the code on the server...p  pAny helpp
Negative 42922 pI have NVIDIA GeForce 8500 GT on Windows 7 Pro 32, and I have problem with my project in CUDAC. I have installed all packages and VS2012 Pro. Im creating new Project from template for Cuda 6.5... Compile it and.. stronginvalid device functionstrong. From Geting Started Windows PDF I have read that i can chceck CUDA by deviceQuery.exe.. So i done this p  precodedeviceQuery.exe Starting...   CUDA Device Query Runtime API version CUDART static linking  Detected 1 CUDA Capable devices  Device 0 GeForce 8500 GT   CUDA Driver Version  Runtime Version          6.5  6.5   CUDA Capability MajorMinor version number    1.1   Total amount of global memory                 512 MBytes 536870912 bytes    2 Multiprocessors,   8 CUDA CoresMP     16 CUDA Cores   GPU Clock rate                                1570 MHz 1.57 GHz   Memory Clock rate                             400 Mhz   Memory Bus Width                              128bit   Maximum Texture Dimension Size x,y,z         1D8192, 2D65536, 32768, 3D2048, 2048, 2048   Maximum Layered 1D Texture Size, num layers  1D8192, 512 layers   Maximum Layered 2D Texture Size, num layers  2D8192, 8192, 512 layers   Total amount of constant memory               65536 bytes   Total amount of shared memory per block       16384 bytes   Total number of registers available per block 8192   Warp size                                     32   Maximum number of threads per multiprocessor  768   Maximum number of threads per block           512   Max dimension size of a thread block x,y,z 512, 512, 64   Max dimension size of a grid size    x,y,z 65535, 65535, 1   Maximum memory pitch                          2147483647 bytes   Texture alignment                             256 bytes   Concurrent copy and kernel execution          Yes with 1 copy engines   Run time limit on kernels                     Yes   Integrated GPU sharing Host Memory            No   Support host pagelocked memory mapping       Yes   Alignment requirement for Surfaces            Yes   Device has ECC support                        Disabled   CUDA Device Driver Mode TCC or WDDM         WDDM Windows Display Driver Model   Device supports Unified Addressing UVA      No   Device PCI Bus ID  PCI location ID           1  0   Compute Mode      lt Default multiple host threads can use cudaSetDevice with device simultaneously gt  deviceQuery, CUDA Driver  CUDART, CUDA Driver Version  6.5, CUDA Runtime Version  6.5, NumDevs  1, Device0  GeForce 8500 GT Result  PASS codepre  pSo PASS SO WHATS WRONG.. Next i done bandwidthTestp  precode[CUDA Bandwidth Test]  Starting... Running on...   Device 0 GeForce 8500 GT  Quick Mode   Host to Device Bandwidth, 1 Devices  PINNED Memory Transfers    Transfer Size Bytes    BandwidthMBs    33554432         1346.5   Device to Host Bandwidth, 1 Devices  PINNED Memory Transfers    Transfer Size Bytes    BandwidthMBs    33554432         1556.9   Device to Device Bandwidth, 1 Devices  PINNED Memory Transfers    Transfer Size Bytes    BandwidthMBs    33554432         5857.4  Result  PASS codepre  pSo can enybode help myp
Negative 42922 pI have got a question from my junior and I cant fix it. Following is the code he is using in the CodeBlocks IDE just downloaded from official site of a hrefhttpwww.codeblocks.org relnofollowCodeBlocksa.p  pIts a hello world console project, which he just modified a little, using the header file codemath.hcode and using codepowcode function.  p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstdlib.hgt include ltmath.hgt int main      printfHello world dn,pow2,2     return 0  codepre  pThe output of this code should be codeHello world 4code right But voila its always codeHello world 0code emunlessem I use codeprintfHello world fn, pow2,2code which is syntactically, yeah perfect and the right thing to do. But then its another story altogether.p  pPow function should return 4, codedoublecode, of course. So what is happening codeprintfcode is not working correctly, or there is some issue with codepowcode.p
Negative 42922 pI have been having a similar problem as many people have been having, but I cant seem to figure out what is going wrong in my specific case. I am making a simple database call to test the database connection, and Hibernate is throwing the following exceptionp  precodeException in thread main org.hibernate.HibernateException Could not obtain transactionsynchronized Session for current thread at org.springframework.orm.hibernate4.SpringSessionContext.currentSessionSpringSessionContext.java134 at org.hibernate.internal.SessionFactoryImpl.getCurrentSessionSessionFactoryImpl.java1014 at boardwalk.computeServer.dao.DbDaoHibernateImpl.getInterpolationJobDbDaoHibernateImpl.java73 at boardwalk.computeServer.ComputeServer.testComputeServer.java39 at boardwalk.computeServer.ComputeServer.mainComputeServer.java32 codepre  pHere is the relevant code and configurationp  ppom.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltproject xmlnshttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema  instance xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 httpmaven.apache.orgxsdmaven    4.0.0.xsdgt   ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt    ltgroupIdgtboardwalkltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtcomputeServerltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt1.0ltversiongt   ltpackaginggtjarltpackaginggt    ltnamegtmarketserverltnamegt   lturlgthttpmaven.apache.orglturlgt    ltpropertiesgt     ltproject.build.sourceEncodinggtUTF8ltproject.build.sourceEncodinggt   ltpropertiesgt    ltdependenciesgt     ltdependencygt       ltgroupIdgtjunitltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtjunitltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt4.11ltversiongt       ltscopegttestltscopegt     ltdependencygt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringcoreltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtmysqlltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtmysqlconnectorjavaltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt5.1.33ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringbeansltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringaspectsltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringcontextltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtjavax.transactionltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjtaltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.1ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtactivesoapltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjaxpapiltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.3ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgthibernatecoreltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.3.7.Finalltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.activemqltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtactivemqallltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt5.10.0ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.activemqltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtactivemqspringltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt5.10.0ltversiongt     lttypegtxsdlttypegt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringjmsltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringtxltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtspringormltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.1.1.RELEASEltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtc3p0ltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtc3p0ltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.9.1.2ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernate.javax.persistenceltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgthibernatejpa2.0apiltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.0.1.Finalltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtnet.rforgeltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtREngineltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.68.1ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtnet.rforgeltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtRserveltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.68.1ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.RltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtRSessionltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.0ltversiongt     ltdependencygt   ltdependenciesgt ltprojectgt codepre  pHibernate DAO mapping objects have been omitted for clarity, as I dont think they are causing the issue, as the exception is being thrown before any of them can be usedp  precodeimport org.hibernate.Session import org.hibernate.SessionFactory import org.springframework.dao.DataAccessException  import boardwalk.computeServer.data.InterpolationDesiredPoint import boardwalk.computeServer.data.InterpolationJob  public class DbDaoHibernateImpl implements DbDao   private final SessionFactory sessionFactory  public DbDaoHibernateImplSessionFactory sessionFactory      Save the session factory     this.sessionFactory  sessionFactory    Override public InterpolationJob getInterpolationJobint jobId        Get the session     Session s  sessionFactory.getCurrentSession       Load the object from the database and return it     return InterpolationJob s.getInterpolationJob.class, jobId     codepre  pMain classp  precodeimport org.apache.log4j.Logger import org.apache.xbean.spring.context.ClassPathXmlApplicationContext import org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Transactional  import boardwalk.computeServer.dao.DbDao  public class ComputeServer   private static final Logger LOG  Logger.getLoggerComputeServer.class     Runs the server   param args none   public static void mainString[] args        Create the application context     SuppressWarningsresource     ClassPathXmlApplicationContext context  new ClassPathXmlApplicationContextspringbeans.xml     context.registerShutdownHook       Log the server start     LOG.infoServer has started      testcontext    Transactional public static void testClassPathXmlApplicationContext context     DbDao dao  DbDao context.getBeandbDao     System.err.printlndao.getInterpolationJob1    codepre  pSpring configuration filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext xmlnstxhttpwww.springframework.orgschematx xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans.xsd     httpwww.springframework.orgschematx httpwww.springframework.orgschematxspringtx4.1.xsd     httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext   httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext4.1.xsdgt  lt Load the properties file gt ltcontextpropertyplaceholder locationclasspathapplication.properties gt  lt C3PO pooled database connections gt ltbean iddataSource classcom.mchange.v2.c3p0.ComboPooledDataSource     destroymethodclosegt     ltproperty namedriverClass valuejdbc.driverClassName gt     ltproperty namejdbcUrl valuejdbc.url gt     ltproperty nameuser valuejdbc.username gt     ltproperty namepassword valuejdbc.password gt      lt These are C3P0 properties gt     ltproperty nameacquireIncrement value1 gt     ltproperty nameminPoolSize value1 gt     ltproperty namemaxPoolSize value10 gt ltbeangt  lt Hibernate session factory gt ltbean idhibernateSessionFactory     classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.LocalSessionFactoryBeangt     ltproperty namedataSource refdataSource gt     ltproperty namepackagesToScan valueboardwalk.computeServer.data gt     ltproperty namehibernatePropertiesgt         ltpropsgt             ltprop keyhibernate.dialectgtjdbc.dialectltpropgt             ltprop keyhibernate.showsqlgttrueltpropgt         ltpropsgt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt  lt The database DAO gt ltbean iddbDao classboardwalk.computeServer.dao.DbDaoHibernateImplgt     ltconstructorarg refhibernateSessionFactory gt ltbeangt  lt The transaction manager gt lttxannotationdriven transactionmanagertransactionManagergt ltbean idtransactionManager     classorg.springframework.orm.hibernate4.HibernateTransactionManagergt     ltproperty namesessionFactory refhibernateSessionFactory gt ltbeangt   ltcontextannotationconfiggtltcontextannotationconfiggt ltbeansgt codepre  pI should note that the program runs fine when I substitute getCurrentSession with openSession. Thank you in advancep
Negative 42922 pI am a starter in android programming. I am wondering is it possible for me to customize the size of a customized layout in programp  pHere is the solution I am trying 1. I created a customized Layout Class called MyLayout and write the onMeasure and onScale method asp  precodeMyLayout extends ViewGroup    public double childWidth, childHeight  Override     protected void onMeasureint widthMeasureSpec, int heightMeasureSpec         super.onMeasurewidthMeasureSpec, heightMeasureSpec       if getChildCount gt 0            In the current version, we should only have one child view          View childView  getChildAt0           measureChildchildView, intchildWidth, intchildHeight              Override   protected void onLayoutboolean changed, int l, int t, int r, int b        if getChildCount gt 0            View childView  getChildAt0           childView.layout0, 0, childView.getMeasuredWidth, childView.getMeasuredHeight               codepre  ol start2 lipcreate  the XML file of this layout  activitymylayout, inside the layout I included a imageview as the child layoutp  precodeltcom.example.MyLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid      androidlayoutwidthmatchparent      androidlayoutheightmatchparent gt    ltImageView       androidididimageView1      androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent       androidlayoutheightwrapcontent       androidsrcdrawableandroid gt   ltcom.example.MyLayoutgt   codepreli lipWrite the code for drawing the view and set the size of the child view it contains   p  precodesetContentViewR.layout.activitymylayout  MyLayout usl  MyLayoutfindViewByIdR.layout.mylayout  ifusl  null System.out.printlnSSSS  usl.childWidth  200  usl.childHeight  200 codepreli ol  pNow I am having the problem of having MyLayout as null and throws a null pointer exception.  I am probably doing wrong in many places I guess, but any suggestions on the reason why the MyLayout is nullp
Negative 42922 pI want to do the following. If one value in the row is codeNAcode, then replace all the values of a row in a codedata framecode by codeNAcode. Example p  precode df lt data.frame idcNA,20,30,40,NA,60, valuec15,NA,35,45,55,65 codepre  pThe output would be p  precode  id value 1 NA    NA 2 NA    NA 3 30    35 4 40    45 5 NA    NA 6 60    65 codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a problem Im trying to work through. I have some model objects which Id like to track if their properties change. Because of the usage pattern of these models, Id prefer the tracking to be selfcontained such that the following worksp  precodeStudent student  new Student student.setName  name ListltStudentPropertiesgt changedProperties  student.getChangedProperties changedProperties   StudentProperties.name  codepre  pMy first instinct was to create an internal hashmap and property enum then track changes by modifying the setters to update hashmap. Im not a fan because its not generic, hence I cant use one implementation for all my models.p  pIs there a clean solution along the lines of thisp  precodeTrackChanges public class Student implements Trackable      Track     private String name      public ListltStudentPropertiesgt getChangedProperties          somehow return changed properties       codepre  pWhere via the annotations a properties enum is created, along with the map containing the properties which can be returned by getChangedProperties.p  pIm open to using the observable pattern, however Im not sure how that will work with the clients of the model will I have to force them to also follow the observer pattern before they can use my model Sounds intrusive and hence Im not in favor of it.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI know to set the height of our today extension in notification centre using preferredcontentsize property.But i need a way to set the height of our today widget using auto layout.Please help me.Thanks in advance for your suggestions.p
Negative 42922 psorry ive tried asking this before and got no good results, so heres trying again. I have tried many things and still havent had any good results. p  pThe code is here  stronga hrefhttppastebin.comQyPvcbNm relnofollowPasteBinastrongp  pI want to add a hyperlink to the dataimages for the ninja slider. Ive never encountered dataimage before but i cant use img src cause that doesnt work with the javascript if you guys need any more information, let me know. This is driving me insanep  precode  ltdiv idninjaslidergt                  ltulgt                      ltligt                         ltdiv dataimageimagesmd1.jpggt ltdivgt                      ltligt                      ltligt                          ltdiv dataimageimagesmd2.jpggt ltdivgt                      ltligt                      ltligt                          ltdiv dataimageimagesmd3.jpggtltdivgt                      ltligt                      ltligt                          ltdiv dataimageimagesmd4.jpggtltdivgt                      ltligt                  ltulgt              ltdivgt codepre  pthis is the troublesome part.p
Negative 42922 pstrongThis is not a duplicated question. The link suggested is for Shell Script, and I can launch node app via shell script doing normaly just node app, but for .desktop file, it does not work. So the answer linked never solve my problem,strong and what is the point to try to close the question suggesting to use an unsatisfied answer.p  pI simply try to exec codenode appcode from the current directory where .desktop file exists. I do as follows, but for unknown reason, it does not work. Surely, when I do codenode appcode on the directory, the node app launches as expected. Any idea Thanks.p  precode[Desktop Entry] Version1.0 NameJS Bin CommentJS Bin Offline REPL Execnode dirname 1app IconhomekenGoogle Drivejsbincode.png Terminalfalse TypeApplication CategoriesUtilityApplication codepre  pExecnode homekenGoogle Drivejsbinapp.jsp  pwould be the same result.p  pJust in case, I dont have to relogin to make this work, correctp
Negative 42922 pwhat does the return value of codegetscode command in following exercise meansp  pI tried to read codefilecode by codetclshcode on command line.p  h2Fileh2  precode           10      2       12      1       13 1       2       3       4       5        6 1       2       3       4       5 1       2       3       4a       5 codepre  h2Command amp Output commandlineh2  precode set fp [open file r] file4  gets fp line 45   gets fp line 42   gets fp line 41   gets fp line 42   gets fp line 1  close fp codepre  pwhen I got code1code output I closed the filepointer codefpcode. but what does the values code45 42 41 42code meantp
Negative 42922 pWorking with Yii framework 2.0 I tried to use the pagination feature and linkpager widget, following Yii documentation.p  pBelow is my controller.p  precodepublic function actionIndex      query  Countryfind      pagination  new Pagination[         defaultPageSize gt 5,         totalCount gt querygtcount,     ]      countries  querygtorderByname         gtoffsetpaginationgtoffset         gtlimitpaginationgtlimit         gtall      return thisgtrenderindex, [         countries gt countries,         pagination gt pagination,     ]  codepre  pIn my index view, I use the following code.p  precodelt LinkPagerwidget[pagination gt pagination] gt codepre  pNow I want to add one more pagination feature and LinkPager widget for another model strongemCityemstrong. In the actionIndex method I follow the existing code, just create an object of strongemCityemstrong and an object of strongemnew Paginationemstrong and return it to the view. In the view I include LinkPager widget once again with another pagination variable strongempaginationCityemstrong. When I click on a pagination number I saw the query string strongempagexxemstrong in the URL. I notice that it is being used for both models strongemCountryemstrong and strongemCityemstrong. How can I use multiple pagination on one same pagep
Negative 42922 pI have here a raffle system where it randomly generates the name that determines the winner. But I have to use the generated name for updating purposes on my database, so I was thinking of getting the value of the generated name and put it in a PHP variable so I can use it on a codePOST Formcode or codeltagt linkcode. p  pReason for doing this is because I have to assign the winner either to group A or group B on my database.p  pHere is the HTML form, where the name of the winner will be shown when the button is clickedp  precodeltimg idloader styledisplaynone srcloader.gif height30gt Winner is ltstronggt ltspan idspannamewinnergtltspangt ltspan idspanlnamewinnergtltspangtltstronggtlth1gt       ltinput typebutton idgetwinner valueGet Winner classbtn btndangergt codepre  pI have here a prevariables assigned in the scriptp  precodevar seq  10 var preseq  0 var timeout codepre  pAnd when the button is clicked, this script will runp  precodedocument.readyfunction       getwinner.clickfunction          loader.show         preseq  0         timeout  setTimeoutmakerandom, 100        codepre  pThat will also determine the action script below. This script generates and trigger of showing the name, and also shows first random string of characters before showing the name of the winner. The coderafflewinner.phpcode has the array of namesp  precodefunction makerandom          ifpreseq gt seq           .postrafflewinner.php, null,             functione              loader.hide             clearTimeouttimeout              spanlnamewinner.text              spannamewinner.texte.winner                             else           var possible  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ         var name           var lname             spanlnamewinner.text          spannamewinner.text         for var i0 i lt 6 i               name  spannamewinner.text             name  possible.charAtMath.floorMath.random  possible.length              spannamewinner.textname                   for var i0 i lt 6 i               lname  spanlnamewinner.text             lname  possible.charAtMath.floorMath.random  possible.length              spanlnamewinner.textlname                  timeout  setTimeoutmakerandom, 500         preseq       codepre  pMy question is, how can I get the value of the generated name and put it in a PHP variable so I can use it for my further SQL queries.p
Negative 42922 pFrom bruce eckel  although u should always declare functions by including header file , functions declarations arent  essential in c . Its possible in c but not cpp to call a function u havent declared. This is a dangerous practise because the c compiler may assume that a function that u call with an integer argument has an argument list containing integer even if it may actually contain float . This can produce  bugs   my question is that even if  a function is not declared , during its definition we have to mention the data type of arguments [ VOID FUNC INT A] , so how can  a compiler assumes a float to be an integerp
Negative 42922 pI am working on an employee managementreward system and need to be able to show a single transaction history page that shows in chronological order the different events that the employee has experienced in one list. Sort of like how in facebook you can goto your historyaction section and see a chronological list of all the stuff that you have done and affects you, even though they are unrelated to eachother and just have you as a common userp  pI have different tables for the different events, each table has an employeeid key and an occured timestamp, some table examplesp  precodebonuses customers raise complaints feedback codepre  pSo whenever an event occurs ie a new customer is assigned to the employee, or the employee gets a complaint or raise a new row is added to the appropriate table with the employee ID it affects and a timestamp of when it occured.p  pI need a single query to pull all records upto 50 for example that include the employee and return a history view of that employee. The field names are different in each table ie the bonus includes an amount with a note, the customer includes customer info etc.p  pI need the output to be a summary view using column names such asp  precodeeventtype  new customer, bonus, feedback etc date title a brief worded title of the type of event, specified in sql based on the table its referencing description  verbiage about the action, such as if its eventtype bonus display the bonus amount here, if its a complain show the first 50 characters of the complaint message or the ID of the user that filed the complaint from the complaints table. All done in SQL using if statements and building the value of this field output based on which table it comes from. Such as if its from the customers table IF currenttablecustomers descriptionA customer was assigned to you by.customers.assignerid. codepre  pIdeally, p  pIs there any way to do thisp  pAnother option I have considered, is I could do 56 different queries pulling the records each from their own table, then use a mysql command to meshinterleave the results from all the queries into one list by chronological order. That would be acceptable toop
Negative 42922 pIm trying to play multilanguage audio tracks on chromecast. It plays the videoaudio files but it does not switch from English to Spanish. I can switch using the same file in a silverlight player. Ive set my chromecast player language and my android phone language to be spanish. In the Google Cast SDK Developer console, I added spanish as an alternate track. p  pIve added my custom player using the code specified in the google guides, however the code in the guides does not appear to work from a straight copy and paste. Can someone direct me as to why protocol.getStreamCount is 0 Is the timing of the call correct Heres the entire player that Im using, pay particular attention to window.changeLanguage  function... and the changeLanguage call. Any help is extremely appreciatedp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt   lttitlegtTest Playerlttitlegt   ltscript typetextjavascript srcwww.gstatic.comcastsdklibsreceiver2.0.0castreceiver.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript srcwww.gstatic.comcastsdklibsmediaplayer1.0.0mediaplayer.jsgtltscriptgt   ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefchromecast.css gt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltvideo idvid gt   ltscript typetextjavascriptgt if window.location.href.indexOfDebugtrue  1    cast.receiver.logger.setLevelValuecast.receiver.LoggerLevel.DEBUG   cast.player.api.setLoggerLevelcast.player.api.LoggerLevel.DEBUG   var mediaElement  document.getElementByIdvid var protocol  null  Create the media manager. This will handle all media messages by default. window.mediaManager  new cast.receiver.MediaManagermediaElement window.defaultOnLoad  mediaManager.onLoad mediaManager.onLoad  function event    if window.player  null      player.unload     Must unload before starting again.     window.player  null      if event.data[media] ampamp event.data[media][contentId]      console.logStarting media application     var url  event.data[media][contentId]     window.host  new cast.player.api.HostmediaElementmediaElement, urlurl     var ext  url.substringurl.lastIndexOf., url.length     var initStart  event.data[media][currentTime]  0     var autoplay  event.data[autoplay]  true     mediaElement.autoplay  autoplay   Make sure autoplay gets set      if url.lastIndexOf.m3u8 gt 0              HTTP Live Streaming       protocol  cast.player.api.CreateHlsStreamingProtocolhost           else if url.lastIndexOf.mpd gt 0              MPEGDASH       protocol  cast.player.api.CreateDashStreamingProtocolhost           else if url.indexOf.ism gt 0              Smooth Streaming       protocol  cast.player.api.CreateSmoothStreamingProtocolhost           How to override a method in Host. I know that its safe to just provide this      method.     host.onError  functionerrorCode        console.logFatal Error    errorCode       if window.player          window.player.unload         window.player  null                 console.logwe have protocol   ext     if protocol  null        console.logStarting Media Player Library       window.player  new cast.player.api.Playerhost       window.player.loadprotocol, initStart       changeLanguage          else        window.defaultOnLoadevent     do the default process           window.changeLanguage  function   var currentLanguage  null  var streamCount  protocol.getStreamCount  console.logstreamCount   streamCount  var streamInfo  for var i  0 i lt streamCount i     console.logisStreamEnabled   i     protocol.isStreamEnabledi    if protocol.isStreamEnabledi       streamInfo  protocol.getStreamInfoi      console.logstreamInfo isAudio   streamInfo.mimeType.indexOfaudio      if streamInfo.mimeType.indexOfaudio  0         if streamInfo.language       console.logstreamInfo.language   streamInfo.language      currentLanguage  i      break                       if currentLanguage  null     currentLanguage  0     i  currentLanguage  1  console.logi   i  console.logcurrentLanguage   currentLanguage  while i  currentLanguage     if i  streamCount       console.logresetting i to 0      i  0         streamInfo  protocol.getStreamInfoi    if streamInfo.mimeType.indexOfaudio  0       protocol.enableStreami, true      protocol.enableStreamcurrentLanguage, false       console.logEnabling   i      console.logDisabling   currentLanguage      break         i     if i  currentLanguage     console.logreloading window player  window.player    window.player.reload     window.player  null console.logApplication is ready, starting system window.castReceiverManager  cast.receiver.CastReceiverManager.getInstance castReceiverManager.start ltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pChromecast Consolep  blockquote   pApplication is ready, starting systemp      pStarting media applicationp      pwe have protocol .ismmanifestp      pStarting Media Player Libraryp      pstreamCount 0p      pi 1p      pcurrentLanguage 0p blockquote  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI went into console and post loading called the following commandp  blockquote   pthis.protocol.getStreamCountp      p2p blockquote  pSo this is clearly a timing issue. I need to call changeLanguage once the stream has fully loaded. Im investigating when the appropriate time to call it is. Id appreciate any help but Ill try to google this answer now that Im positive its a timing issue.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to list ALL processes in a DataGridView.p  pWhen I Dim those first 2 lines and read the total processes count, it can be a number like 191 total processes. However, the loop that adds each process ends up with a number usually around half of the total number I thought maybe there might be some sort of hidden logic where duplicates werent being added, but some duplicates DO get added to the list once its all done.p  pCan anyone point out the reason ALL of the processes arent being added to the listp  pHeres the codep  precode   Dim intProcessesCount As Integer  Process.GetProcesses.Count     Dim localAll As Process  Process.GetProcesses      Try          For Each OneProcess As Process In localAll               Extract the programs icon             Dim ico As Icon  Icon.ExtractAssociatedIconOneProcess.MainModule.FileName             Dim pID  OneProcess.Id.ToString              imgID  pID              ImageList1.Images.AddpID, ico              Dim row As String  New String                   OneProcess.ProcessName,                  OneProcess.MainModule.FileVersionInfo.FileName              DataGridView1.Rows.Addrow          Next      Catch ex As Exception         Debug.PrintError  amp ex.Message     End Try      ttslStats.Text  Total Processes  amp DataGridView1.Rows.Count codepre
Negative 42922 pThe onKey event of my class extending from ControlExtension class is not called when Camera key is pressed. Is it a design choice or will it be coming in next releases of SDK or am I missing somethingp
Negative 42922 pim trying to make 2d screen in openglp  pim using code to set a screen like this p  pgl.glClearGL10.GLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GL10.GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT     gl.glMatrixModeGL10.GLPROJECTIONbr     gl.glLoadIdentitybr     gl.glOrthof0,800,480,0, 1, 1 p  pand viewportp  precodegl.glViewport0, 0, 800, 480  codepre  pwhen im press on screen  in logcat its show me correct coordinats.  like start at 0,0 and end at 800x480p  pbut when im trying to draw items some box than its draw me in wrong position , after analyzing  i found what opengl screen  480x320 or near .p  pItems draw in wrong positions.  Screen also in wrong position. Any one know how to fix it  Im just want to make a screen with correct coordinats. p  pin finnaly i just want a screen like when using canvas, if i set coord to 800x480 than touch i can on this place.p
Negative 42922 pSometimes in programming they allow one to chain parameters in a single function input variable like the second input variable belowp  precodedefineFLAGA,40 defineFLAGB,10 defineFLAGC,3 function foosFile, vFlags     do something  footest.txt,FLAGA  FLAGB  FLAGC codepre  pPHP calls this single pipe character codecode the Bitwise codeORcode operator. How do I now add something inside codefoocode to test codevFlagscode to see which flags were setp
Negative 42922 pI have a library project containing native C code. I can successfully call the native code from the application project by adding it as a referenced library, but I can not debug the native code. I added the following to the librarys Application.mkp  precodeinclude CLEARVARS LOCALCFLAGS  g APPOPTIM  debug codepre  pAnd compiled with  codendkbuild NDKDEBUG1codep  pMy question is how can I force the eclipse to stop execution on a breakpoint Where could I configure the gdb to start with my applicationp  pThank you,p  pDanielp
Negative 42922 pi have several reminders set up and wanted difference emails to be shown and ready to be sent when the reminders fire.  i know how to do one reminder but several has been giving me endless problems.p  pplease see code that i currently have below, i have tries the if else code as well but not getting working at all.  currently this one is just not picking up the reminder information.  it gives me errors where the code refers to the reminder information.p  precodePrivate Sub ApplicationReminderByVal Item As Object  Dim objMsg As MailItem  Set objMsg  Application.CreateItemolMailItem If Item.MessageClass ltgt IPM.Appointment Then Exit Sub  If Item.Categories  Branch Orders Then Call BranchOrders If Item.Categories  Cust 1st Daily Then Call CustDaily If Item.Categories  COH Then Call COH If Item.Categories  Cust 1st Weekly Then Call CustWeekly If Item.Categories  ATM Status And Avail Then Call ATMSA  End Sub  Sub BranchOrders Dim objMsg As MailItem  Set objMsg  Application.CreateItemolMailItem  objMsg.To  Item.Location objMsg.CC  bunchhi.com objMsg.Subject  Item.Subject objMsg.Body  Item.Body objMsg.Display Set objMsg  Nothing   End Sub   Sub CustDaily Dim objMsg As MailItem  Set objMsg  Application.CreateItemolMailItem  objMsg.To  Item.Location objMsg.CC  afewmails.com objMsg.Subject  Item.Subject objMsg.Body  Item.Body objMsg.Display Set objMsg  Nothing   End Sub    Sub COH Dim objMsg As MailItem  Set objMsg  Application.CreateItemolMailItem  objMsg.To  Item.Location objMsg.CC  justone.com objMsg.Subject  Item.Subject objMsg.Body  Item.Body objMsg.Display Set objMsg  Nothing   End Sub   Sub CustWeekly Dim objMsg As MailItem  Set objMsg  Application.CreateItemolMailItem  objMsg.To  Item.Location objMsg.Subject  Item.Subject objMsg.Body  Item.Body objMsg.Display Set objMsg  Nothing   End Sub   Sub ATMSA Dim objMsg As MailItem  Set objMsg  Application.CreateItemolMailItem  objMsg.To  Item.Location objMsg.Subject  Item.Subject objMsg.Body  Item.Body objMsg.Display Set objMsg  Nothing  End If  End Sub codepre  pthank youp
Negative 42922 pI have a strongcodeDIVcode with a fixed sizedstrong and codeoverflowautocode property, in order to automatically scroll its content if it is taller than available space.p  pNo problem in Desktop environment, default OS scrollbars will show if necessary, but it is not true on Smartphones I tried with Firefox Mobile.p  pstrongContent remains scrollable, but no scrollbar will showstrong, neither during drag. Is it a documented feature I think so, because I noted that Wikipedias tables in smartphone have the same behaviour when scrolling horizontal.p  pIs there a way to force it withous using a specific JS pluginp
Negative 42922 pSo I am trying to convert a component to a behavior so I can disable and enable it at my pleasure. I have done this dozens of times but now I seem to be getting an error.p  pCodep  precodeUnityEngine.Component book001RenderOld  GameObject.FindBook001.GetComponentMeshRenderer UnityEngine.Behaviour book001Render  UnityEngine.Behaviourbook001RenderOld codepre  pErrorp  precodeInvalidCastException Cannot cast from source type to destination type. codepre
Negative 42922 pI looked at other entries and problems people got faced and tried to solve mine but could not succeed. Somehow, I think I miss sth.p  pMy html file looks likep  precode  ltdoctype htmlgt   lthtml ngappIssueArchivergt   ltheadgt    ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsangularjs1.2.28angular.min.jsgtltscriptgt   ltscript typetextjavascript srcjavascriptsangularmultiselect.jsgtltscriptgt    ltscript typetextjavascript srcjavascriptsnwfileDialog.jsgtltscriptgt    ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediaall hrefstylesheetsangularmultiselect.cssgt   ltmeta charsetutf8gt   ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtmlgt    lttitlegtIssue Archiver V1.0lttitlegt   ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediaall hrefstylesheetsIssueArchiver.cssgt    ltscript typetextjavascript srcjavascriptsIssueArchiver.jsgtltscriptgt     ltheadgt     ltbodygt          ltdiv ngcontrollerIssueArchiverCtrl  gt          ...         ltdivgt    ltbodygt    lthtmlgt codepre  pMy IssueArchiver.js source file looks likep  precodeangular.moduleIssueArchiver, [multiselect], [DWand.nwfileDialog], [ngRoute] .controllerIssueArchiverCtrl,[scope, http, parse, fileDialog, functionscope, http, parse, fileDialog   .... ] codepre  pI get this errorp  precodeUncaught Error [injectormodulerr] httperrors.angularjs.org1.2.28injectormodulerp0IssueArchiverampp1Egleapis.com2Fajax2Flibs2Fangularjs2F1.2.282Fangular.min.js3A363A309 codepre  pThanks p
Negative 42922 pI am learning about TSP and understand it quite well , but i could not understand How Bit masking can be used to generate all permutation. If i am 3 citites so i will find the cost asp  precode0 1 2 3 0 1 3 2 0 2 1 3 0 2 3 1 0 3 1 2 0 3 2 1  codepre  porp  precode                               g0,1,2,3                                                           g1,2,3                g2,1,3            g3,1,2                                                            g2,3   g3,2     g1,3     g3,1    g1,2    g2,1                                                                       0             0            0           0           0             0 g3,null   g2,null    g3,null   g1,null   g2,null    g1,null codepre  pHow bit masking is used in thisp
Negative 42922 pThe assignment I have is pretty straightforward, Im supposed to count the uppercase letters in a file. The code Ive written works without the file function, but since I just started learning files in C, I must admit I really dont have a good idea about what Im supposed to be doing with the file itself. p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt  void WriteToFile      FILE f  fopentext.txt, w     char c     whilec  getchar  EOF          fputcc, f          fclosef   int main      WriteToFile      FILE f     f  fopentext.txt, r     char letters[100]      int count  0, i      whilefgetsletters, 100, f  0         fori  0 letters[i] i             ifletters[i] gt A ampamp letters[i] lt Z                 count                     printfd, count      return 0  codepre  pI updated my code, now I no longer get an execution timeout, I just get the wrong results.p  pEdit 2 Nevermind, I fixed it. Thanks everyone.p
Negative 42922 pIm writing a program that needs to be able to write to text files and read them again later. To read them I am setting them to a viewtext. However the view text never displays anything. Ive narrowed down that myReader.readLine returns NULL which either means that Im not writing anything to the file or the more likely, Im not reading the file properly.p  pWould really appreciate any help with this, thanks p  precodepublic class openTable extends Activity      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activityopentable         File file  new FilegetFilesDirtable.xml          try              file.createNewFile             FileOutputStream fOut  new FileOutputStreamfile             OutputStreamWriter myOutWriter  new OutputStreamWriterfOut             myOutWriter.appendTestn                fOut.close             Toast.makeTextopenTable.this,File Written,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         catch Exception e              Toast.makeTextopenTable.this,File Not Written,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                   Log.dFILEDIR,getFilesDir.toString         TextView displayFile  TextView findViewByIdR.id.displayFile          try              FileInputStream fIn  new FileInputStreamfile             BufferedReader myReader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderfIn             String aDataRow               String aBuffer                ifmyReader.readLine  null                  Log.dTEST,YES              else                 Log.dTEST,NO                           while aDataRow  myReader.readLine  null                  Log.dADATAROW,aDataRow                 aBuffer  aDataRow  n                     Log.dABUFFER,aBuffer                           displayFile.setTextaBuffer             myReader.close                    Toast.makeTextopenTable.this,File Read,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         catch Exception e              Toast.makeTextopenTable.this,File Not Read,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                codepre
Negative 42922 phere we got an old DB on progress and we want to print labels from it using vs2012, we found that the mean to do this is by a WCF and a rdlc, At localhost it runs great, I can get the labels printed and the log files show that all the information is ok, but when I run it on the server by the progress DB or by the WcfTestClient.exe its giving me an error, my log file shows that the report is not ready for render, even when I run it using the same parameters,p  pI dont use any dataset because the report just need the parameters to print the labels.p  pPlease dont be rude, Im really new at this, 2 weeks ago I didnt know what was Wcf, rdlc, SSRS and nothing about that, this is all new for me so expect some noobish mistakes.p  pHere is the piece of code that runs well on localhost but not on serverp  precodePublic Class GoPrint Shared Sub StartPrintingByVal vpdfname As String, ByVal vExt As String, ByVal vPDFPath As String, ByVal deviceInfo As String, ByVal StreamPath As String, ByVal vReportPath As String, ByVal vReportEmbedded As String, ByVal vPrinter As String, ByVal vParams As String Viene de R4, inicia el proceso y manda parametros     On Error GoTo Issues     RegistroStartPrinting,      Dim ErrorEnReferencias As Boolean  False     If IsNothingvParams Then         RegistroStartPrinting, Error Los parametros estaban vacios         ErrorEnReferencias  True     End If     If Not File.ExistsvReportPath.Replace,  Then         RegistroStartPrinting, Error No se encontro el path del reporte         ErrorEnReferencias  True     End If     If Not File.ExistsvReportEmbedded.Replace,  Then         RegistroStartPrinting, Error No se encontro el path del reporte incrustado         ErrorEnReferencias  True     End If     If Not ErrorEnReferencias Then         RegistroStartPrinting, No se encontraron errores en los parametros enviados         RegistroStartPrinting, Lista de parametros del reporte excepto vParams Nombre,Valor         RegistroStartPrinting,     vpdfname   amp vpdfname         RegistroStartPrinting,     vExt   amp vExt         RegistroStartPrinting,     vPDFPath   amp vPDFPath         RegistroStartPrinting,     deviceInfo   amp deviceInfo         RegistroStartPrinting,     StreamPath   amp StreamPath         RegistroStartPrinting,     vReportPath   amp vReportPath         RegistroStartPrinting,     vReportEmbedded   amp vReportEmbedded         RegistroStartPrinting,     vPrinter   amp vPrinter         Dim qtyOfParams As Integer  CountCharactersvParams, c  3         Dim SplitParams As String  vParams.SplitNew Char c         Dim EtqParams As ReportParameter  New ReportParameterqtyOfParams  1          RegistroStartPrinting, Lista de parametros vParam del reporte Nombre,Valor,Visible         For count  1 To qtyOfParams             If SplitParams1  count  3  3.IndexOf[ ltgt 1 Then SplitParams1  count  3  3  EncodeBarcodesSplitParams1  count  3  3             EtqParamscount  1  New ReportParameterCStrSplitParams0  count  3  3, CStrSplitParams1  count  3  3, SplitParams2  count  3  3             RegistroStartPrinting,      amp CStrSplitParams0  count  3  3 amp , amp CStrSplitParams1  count  3  3 amp , amp SplitParams2  count  3  3         Next         Dim permissions As New PermissionSetPermissionState.Unrestricted         Dim MYreport As LocalReport  New LocalReport         MYreport.SetBasePermissionsForSandboxAppDomainpermissions         MYreport.ReportPath  vReportPath.Replace,  No puedo pasar  como parametro y mando  para los paths         MYreport.ReportEmbeddedResource  vReportEmbedded.Replace,          MYreport.DataSources.Clear         If MYreport.IsReadyForRendering Then             RegistroStartPrinting, MYreport.IsReadyForRendering  Si             MYreport.SetParametersEtqParams             MYreport.Refresh             RegistroStartPrinting, Creacion del reporte local y asignacion de propiedades terminada             RegistroStartPrinting,     MYreport.SetBasePermissionsForSandboxAppDomainpermissions, unrestricted             RegistroStartPrinting,     MYreport.ReportPath   amp MYreport.ReportPath             RegistroStartPrinting,     MYreport.ReportPath   amp MYreport.ReportEmbeddedResource             RegistroStartPrinting,     MYreport.SetParametersEtqParams, Lista de parametros             Dim PrintReport  New Reporting             PrintReport.ExportMYreport, vpdfname, vExt, vPDFPath.Replace, , deviceInfo, StreamPath.Replace,              RegistroStartPrinting, Creacion de pdf y raw de impresion completa             PrintReport.PrintvPrinter         Else             RegistroStartPrinting, MYreport.IsReadyForRendering  No         End If         RegistroStartPrinting, Proceso finalizado         RegistroStartPrinting,      End If Issues         RegistroStartPrinting, Err.Number amp   amp Err.Description         RegistroStartPrinting,  End Sub codepre  pAnd here is what shows my log file,p  precodeRegistro de Errores StartPrinting   12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting No se encontraron errores en los parametros enviados  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     Lista de parametros del reporte excepto vParams Nombre,Valor  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     vpdfname  TST000031AmaLbl  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     vExt  pdf  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     vPDFPath  vsn2k841WCFparaRPTAmaLblPDF  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     deviceInfo  ltDeviceInfogtltOutputFormatgtEMFltOutputFormatgtltPageWidthgt3inltPageWidthgtltPageHeightgt5inltPageHeightgtltMarginTopgt0inltMarginTopgtltMarginLeftgt0inltMarginLeftgtltMarginRightgt0inltMarginRightgtltMarginBottomgt0inltMarginBottomgtltDeviceInfogt  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     StreamPath  vsn2k841WCFparaRPTAmaLblStream  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     vReportPath  vsn2k841WCFparaRPTAmaLblAmaLbl.rdlc  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     vReportEmbedded  vsn2k841WCFparaRPTAmaLblAmaLbl.rdlc  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     vPrinter  LaserESCLOG  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting Lista de parametros vParam del reporte Nombre,Valor,Visible  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSFN,LOUISVILLE LADDER,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSFA,855 DUNKS FERRY RD,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSFZ,19020,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSTN,AMAZON.COM.DEDC LLC,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSTA,1 CENTERPOINT BLVD.,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSTZ,19720,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PBCZ,19720,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PCar,UPSA,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PPro,Test ETQ,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PBol,435462,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PPO,TST00003,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PUPC,728865090928,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PQTY,3,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PCartonNo,1,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PCartonTo,1,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PBCPO,TST00003,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PBCSSCC,hxaCN4.,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting     PSSCC,00107288650435462014,True  12262014 50537 PM StartPrinting MYreport.IsReadyForRendering  No  12262014 50538 PM StartPrinting Proceso finalizado  12262014 50538 PM StartPrinting   12262014 50538 PM StartPrinting 0   12262014 50538 PM StartPrinting   12262014 50538 PM codepre  pThe only difference between this log and a working one is that the reports render and keep going on the printing process, I use the exact same parameters,p  pBTW, already got my dlls on the bin folder.p
Negative 42922 pIve been trying to install virtualenvwrappervirtualenv. First I have them installed using pip install virtualenv from git bash. For some reason pip saves my files not in strongcodeusrlocalbinvirtualenvwrapper.shcodestrong but in my Python Scripts folder. Accounting for this I setup my strongcode.bashrccodestrong as follows p  precodeexport WORKONHOMEHOME.virtualenvs export MSYSHOMEcmsys1.0 source CPython27Scriptsvirtualenvwrapper.sh codepre  pWhen I go to setup a virtualenv in gitbash with mkvirtualenv I get the following errorsp  precodevirtualenvwrapper.userscripts could not run cUsersMartin.virtualenvspremkvirtualenv [Error 2] The system cannot find the file specified virtualenvwrapper.userscripts could not run cUsersMartin.virtualenvspreactivate [Error 2] The system could not find the file specified  virtualenvwrapper.userscripts could not run cUsersMartin.virtualenvstestScriptspreactivate [Error 2] The system cannot find the file specified codepre  pI looked to see if I have the files and I do. Im running on Python 2.7.5. p
Negative 42922 pi have use this code  and its workp  precode   def namegetself, cr, uid, ids, kecamatanid,cityid         print,kecamatanid         if kecamatanid             city self.pool.getwtc.kecamatan.browsecr, uid, kecamatanid             return value cityidcity.cityid.id,provinceidcity.provinceid.id  in my .xml   ltfield namekecamatanid onchangenamegetkecamatanid, cityidgt codepre  pbut when i hit save button version error but the data successfully savedp  precodeTraceback most recent call last File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 499, in handleexception return superJsonRequest, self.handleexceptionexception File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 516, in dispatch result  self.callfunctionself.params File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 282, in callfunction return checkedcallself.db, args, kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpservicemodel.py, line 113, in wrapper return fdbname, args, kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 279, in checkedcall return self.endpointa, kw File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 732, in call return self.methodargs, kw File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 375, in responsewrap response  fargs, kw File homesusiodooaddonsHONDAwebcontrollersmain.py, line 944, in callkw return self.callkwmodel, method, args, kwargs File homesusiodooaddonsHONDAwebcontrollersmain.py, line 925, in callkw names  dictrequest.session.modelmodel.namesearch, args[0], kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerphttp.py, line 834, in proxy result  methcr, request.uid, args, kw File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpapi.py, line 237, in wrapper return oldapiself, args, kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpapi.py, line 332, in oldapi result  methodrecs, args, kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpmodels.py, line 1760, in namesearch return self.namesearchname, args, operator, limitlimit File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpapi.py, line 235, in wrapper return newapiself, args, kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpapi.py, line 464, in newapi result  methodself.model, cr, uid, args, kwargs File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpmodels.py, line 1773, in namesearch res  self.namegetcr, accessrightsuid, ids, context File homesusiodooopenerp8.0openerpapi.py, line 237, in wrapper return oldapiself, args, kwargs  TypeError nameget takes exactly 6 arguments 5 given codepre  pHow should i fix with my code p
Negative 42922 pcan someone show me a actually example for a simple app to show the networkstatus. Build with PhoneGap onlinep  pTargetsystem Android Tablet 4.2.2p  pMy old app is working in Chrome with the Ripple extension. Networkstatus and GPS works great.p  pBut now the app doesnt alert the networkstatus.p  precode function checkConnection   var networkState  navigator.connection.type   var states    states[Connection.UNKNOWN]   Unknown connection  states[Connection.ETHERNET]  Ethernet connection  states[Connection.WIFI]      WiFi connection  states[Connection.CELL2G]   Cell 2G connection  states[Connection.CELL3G]   Cell 3G connection  states[Connection.CELL4G]   Cell 4G connection  states[Connection.NONE]      No network connection   alertConnection type   states[networkState]   codepre  pI have checked the documentation, but im not sure about p  precode usespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE codepre  pin PhoneGap... and the documentation is not clear or sometimes not up2date. So i killed some hours and its really frustrating for me p  pSo, a simple example was great A index.html and the config.xml will be sufficient, orp  pim able to upload to github and build at build.phonegap.com...p  pThank you  Ollip
Negative 42922 pIm using Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll, v3.0.0.0 and Im trying to create an object type of  CookieAuthenticationProvider using this codep  precodevar provider new  CookieAuthenticationProvider      OnResponseSignIn   async  context  gt                      var claimsawait GetClaimsidentity.Name I get the claims here.             context.Identity.AddClaimsclais The claims are being added.           codepre  pAfter this is executed I get an error saying strongAn asynchronous module or handler completed while an asynchronous operation was still pending.strongp  pThe method GetClaims looks like thisp  precodepublic virtual async TaskltIEnumerableltClaimgtgt GetClaimsString test            .....var claimsawait GetInfotest        return claims      codepre  pstrongIf I remove the async from the OnResponseSignIn and make GetClaims synchronous everything works.strongp  pWhat am I doing wrong If I want to make OnResponseSignIn async and the GetClaims awaitable, what is the correct way to do itp
Negative 42922 pHi I am creating a chrome extension in which I am injecting iframe into some pages. In the iframes onload function I am trying to access elements inside iframe using Jquery.p  precodedivInsideiframe,iframeDocument codepre  pWhile trying to do so I get an errorp  pUncaught SecurityError Failed to execute addEventListener on EventTarget Blocked a frame with origin a hrefhttpwww.whateverpage.com relnofollowhttpwww.whateverpage.coma from accessing a frame with origin chromeextensionmeehnkofmafeb.  The frame requesting access has a protocol of http, the frame being accessed has a protocol of chromeextension. Protocols must match.p  pInteresting thing is, this error happens the first time I try to access something inside iframe. It will not happen in subsequent calls unless, I access something from regular page dom in between. After which the error repeats itself one time again.p  pSomething as funny asp  precodetry     divInsideiframe,iframeDocument catcherror     divInsideiframe,iframeDocument  codepre  pworks as a way aroundp  pAlso note error is in the sizzle part of Jquery code. p  pChecked with Jquery 2.1.3 and 1.11.1p
Negative 42922 pI have a mysql database called retail. it has two tables .1 users 2 sales table 1 users contains information about agents and buyers. all buyer must have a parenthis agent also all agents have their own parent agents. agent and buyer is separated by agent value. value 0 means its a buyer and agent 1 means agent. all agent must have their commission based on their childbuyer, agent sales.p  pFor example in this database user id john 1 having total of 21 child accounts including his own 1 user id  21 buyer account  p  pevery purchase done by any buyer , that sales credit or commission will go through all his parent resellers one by onep  pfor example p  puser id 19a buyer account purchased something. then this sales credits or commission will get to all agents related to his account based on parent relationp  pin this case user id 19 19s parent is 10 10s parent is 8 8s parent is 3 3s parent is 1p  pso this sales credits will have no agent 10,8,3,1p  pMy requirement is simply list sales based on agent user id without showing the full agent tree for example i want to list agent id 1s salesp  pthen it should list like this agent 1 sales productid  21 amount  33 agent 3 please note this is showing only agent 3 which is directly on his user id 1s under, but this sales have done by one of his end tree buyerp  pHope you people understand the scenario. i am using php for application side coding. Thanks in advance. Please note the below database structure and sample datap  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodemysqlgt select  from users   id  Name    Agent  Parentid     1  john        1         1    2  anil        1          1    3  sam         1          1    4  peter       1          2    5  sara        1          1    6  tony        0          3    7  suresh      0          5    8  kapil       1          3    9  dhanya      0          2   10  sharma      1          8   11  das         0          8   12  diya        0          4   13  hani        1          4   14  jane        0         10   15  deva        1          8   16  elma        0         13   17  raj         1         10   18  manu        0          5   19  gopi        0         10   20  pavi        1          2  codepre div div p  pNow sales tablep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodemysqlgt select  from sales   id  productid  amount  buyeruserid     1          10      25              6    2          11      31              7    3          17      12              9    4          10      25             11    5          13      17             12    6          17      12             14    7          10      25             16    8          17      12             18    9          21      33             19   10          17      12             11   11          13      17              7   12          10      25             21   13          17      12             22  codepre div div p
Negative 42922 pSchemep  precoderest  name1 gt rest1,  name2 gt rest2  name3 gt rest3  name4 gt rest4  codepre  pThis functionp  precodetypesrenderfieldrest, arrayoutputgthtml codepre  preturns values of checked fields rest1, rest3 for example, but i need to get name1, name3.p  pPlease, can u give me any ideasp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to sort HOHOHOO in Haskell using any noncomparative integer sorting algorithm, so that at the end I get HHHOOOO.. p  pI am only string with Haskell and have been sitting on it all day... Please, help p  pAll i got so far is this, but it doesnt allow to sort Letters. I think i need to use a Radix sort, but i Have no idea how.p  precodemerge [] l  l merge l []  l merge l1x1r1 l2x2r2  if x1 lt x2 then x1merge r1 l2 else x2merge l1 r2  ssort []  [] ssort l  merge strand ssort rest where strand, rest  foldr extend [],[] l       extend x [],r  [x],r       extend x sss,r  if x lt s then xsss,r else sss,xr codepre  pThank you, Dashap
Negative 42922 pi am creating an Ecommerce website and created this E.R.D. my teacher told me that this is incorrect E.R.D and need some changes to make.  I would really appreciate if any brother could help me out regarding if there is any wrong relationship or any wrong table or there should be any table. I cant go to college because of the holidays otherwise i would ask my teacher. so Please Help me out. p  pimg srchttpsscontentafra.xx.fbcdn.nethphotosxpf1vt1.0910393777102032331551815991236758489052236560n.jpgoh21c5fb424b2479b183e698b9b2b3ffb4ampoe5524E2F6 althere is my E.R.Dp
Negative 42922 precodefunction getdbconnectiondatabasename,collectionname     var collection     MongoClient  requiremongodb.MongoClient      Connect to the db     MongoClient.connectmongodblocalhost27017databasename, functionerr, db          iferr               collectiondb.collectioncollectionname             console.logcollection          else               console.logerr                     return collection  codepre  pi am simply confused with how to pass parameter to callback..will be better if someone post help link..p
Negative 42922 pInside a script I have named codemonitor powercode I have a variable named codeCHARGECYCLEScodep  blockquote   pcodeCHARGECYCLESTOOLSDataCharge Cycles.txtcodep blockquote  pThe variable codeTOOLScode is declared and exported in my code.bashprofilecode because I want it to be available to various scriptsp  blockquote   pcodeTOOLSUserssl.Toolscodebr   codeexport TOOLScodep blockquote  pI have a line in codemonitor powercode that uses the variable codeCHARGECYCLEScodep  blockquote   pcodecat CHARGECYCLEScodep blockquote  pHowever, upon running the script I get the errorp  blockquote   pcodeUserssl.ToolsDataCharge Cycles.txt No such file or directorycodep blockquote  pThe annoying thing is that this file DOES exist in this exact spot. Spelling, capitalization, everything is exactly the same. So Im thinking it has something to do with exporting codeTOOLScode from code.bashprofilecode but I dont see why because the error prints the exact pathname I wanted, it just says it doesnt exist.p  pIm new to this stuff, so I dont really know whats going on here Any help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to move my application to a different environment using IIS instead of IIS express. I copied the application file over to the server, configured application pool, added the right path and bindings, etc. But when I launch it open its address in the browser I get Error. An error occurred while processing your request. Im guessing its an issue with my Web.config file, but Im not really sure how to modify it without breaking things. p  precodeltadd nameBillingUIEntities connectionStringmetadataresModels.Model2.csdlresModels.Model2.ssdlresModels.Model2.mslproviderSystem.Data.SqlClientprovider connection stringampquotdata sourceSWDB10DSQLinitial catalogBillingUIintegrated securityTrueMultipleActiveResultSetsTrueAppEntityFrameworkampquot providerNameSystem.Data.EntityClient gt  ltadd nameBillingUIEntities1 connectionStringData SourceSWDB10DSQLInitial CatalogBillingUIIntegrated SecurityTrueMultipleActiveResultSetsTrueApplication NameEntityFramework gt  codepre  pBoth of these connection strings are used by the application. When I was using Linq it didnt want the meta data, hence the BillingUIEntities1 entry. All of this works perfectly on my local environment with IIS Express, but its completely broken on IIS 8. p
Negative 42922 pIf I have a windowing function like this in SQLp  precodeLASTVALUEqty OVER PARTITION BY productkey,marketkey,periodkey ORDER BY fiscaldt RANGE BETWEEN UNBOUNDED PRECEDING AND UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING codepre  phow do you express the same sort of logic in a DAX measurep  pEssentially, given a filter context that includes a product, market, and date range period, I need to find the last value for one of the columns in my fact table.p
Negative 42922 pI want to display all remaining months of current year followed by all months of following 2 years. Using the following code I can display next x months, but not sure how to display remaining months of current year regardless of whats the current month is, nor all months of following years.p  precodemonth  daten  for x  0 x lt 24 x      echo dateF Y, mktime0,0,0,month  x,1 . ltbr gt  codepre
Negative 42922 pIve tried asking this question on LibGDX forums with no luck.p  pBasically, Ive created my own packer that takes multiple spritesheets a hrefhttpsraw.githubusercontent.comclintbellangerflaregamead2384c90b29034546a9935283ad420b3f4c3425modsfantasycoreimagesenemiesantlion.png relnofollowlike thesea and packs them into something a hrefhttpsraw.githubusercontent.comclintbellangerflaregamemastermodsfantasycoreimagesenemiesantlion.png relnofollowlike thisa. As a result, I can load these packed files as arrays of TextureRegions with their X and Y offset, so that they can be drawn as if they actually had all these unnecessary transparent pixels.p  pAnyway, heres what I dop  ul liLoad chosen images as pixmapsli liIterate over their tiles for example, 128x128px parts of the imageli liFind offsets for each tile offsets being amount of rowscolumns with only transparent pixelsli liDraw nontransparent part of the tile into a new, small pixmap continuing the example, 128offsetLeftoffsetRight, 128offsetTopoffsetBottom, format is the same as the loaded imageli liSave each pixmap with some drawing data offsets in a container.li liRepeat for all tiles and images.li liFind the most efficient way to pack the tiles from containers into a new, bigger pixmap again, the same format.li liSave custom description file.li liSave pixmap as PNG.li ul  pPixmaprelated code snippetsp  pImage loadingp  precode  final Pixmap image  new PixmapimageData.getFileHandle codepre  pDrawing image into smaller piecesp  precode  final Pixmap tile          new PixmapimageData.getTileWidth  offsetLeft  offsetRight, imageData.getTileHeight                offsetTop  offsetBottom, image.getFormat   tile.drawPixmapimage, columnIndex  imageData.getTileWidth  offsetLeft,         rowIndex  imageData.getTileHeight  offsetTop codepre  pCreating new Pixmap for the packed imagep  precode  Pixmap packedImage          new PixmappackedImageWidth, packedImageHeight, image.getFormat codepre  pDrawing pieces into pixmapp  precode     packedImage.drawPixmapframe.getPixmap, frame.getOriginX, frame.getOriginY codepre  pSaving packed imagep  precode  final PixmapIO.PNG png  new PixmapIO.PNG   png.setCompressionDeflater.NOCOMPRESSION   png.setFlipYfalse   try       png.writechosenDirectory.childpackedFileName  FILEFORMAT, packedImage    catch final IOException exception       throw new RuntimeExceptionexception     codepre  pAs a result, colors are somewhat distorted img srchttpi.imgur.comNARN4TF.png altSfxPackerp  pLeft after packing, right before packing, loaded and rendered as texture.p  pCould any step of the packing I do distort the image or is it the saving part Do I have to look for another solution pure Java image processing or is there a way to preserve colors using LibGDX APIp
Negative 42922 pI have two non constant char arrays. One is codebuffcode and other is codebuffacode. I get values in codebuffacode via rf transmitter of other Arduino and I want to append those data to the data inside of codebuffcode.  Then I will send all data to other Arduino. So I dont want to send two different codechar arrayscode. I want to send them all at once as just one array.p  pI tried codesprintfcode but it does not work.p  precodechar buffa[144]  char buff[1000]  void loop       uint8t buf[VWMAXMESSAGELEN]     uint8t buflen  VWMAXMESSAGELEN      sprintfbuff,ltstatusgtn          if vwgetmessagebuf, ampbuflen   check to see if anything has been received         int i         for i  0 i lt buflen i              buffa[i]  char buf[i]   the received data is stored in buffer                      distance1  getDistanceinitPin1, echoPin1     sendData3, distance1      sprintfbuff, s, buffa      delay5000     const char msg0  buff      vwsenduint8t msg0, strlenmsg0  Send control character      vwwaittx      Serial.printmsg0   codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to ajaxify wordpress the clean way. The idea is this p  ol liAjax request is made from client to ajax action url for example codewpwpadminadminajax.phpactionmypluginfetchpageamppagehttpexample.comaboutcode.li liResponse of that request should be in JSON format and contain at least page title and content of page equivalent to codehttpexample.comaboutcode.li ol  pI cannot figure out a good way to get contents of page by only knowing its url.p  pI have tried using codewpremotegetcode. So I simply make another request from server to url codehttpexample.comaboutcode. This works, but its quite slow slowing down a request about 2 seconds.p  pI have tried using codeurltopostidcode, which converts url to codepostidcode. Unfortunately this does not work for archive pages and probably would be useless anyways, since I need full response body from url codehttpexample.comaboutcode, not just id of the equivalent page.p  pThis is how it works currently with codewpremotegetcodep  precodefunction mypluginfetchpage                     Getting url of target page from GET parameters                 url  GET[page]      title       content                     Url must be set in request parameters and it must be internal link                 if  url ampamp mypluginisinternalpage url                                  Format relative urls to absolute urls.                     testexample gt httpexample.comtestexample                             url  nolifesingleformaturl url                                Make GET request.                             pageresponse  wpremoteget url, array             useragent  gt InternalRequester                    if   iswperror pageresponse                                              Response contains title and page content seperated by some               seperator. By splitting response from that seperator, we               get title and contents of page in seperate values.                                         contentparts  explode MYPLUGINSEPERATOR, wpremoteretrievebody pageresponse                 title comes first             title  contentparts[0]               then content of page             content  contentparts[1]                    wpsendjson array         url      gt url,         title    gt title,         content  gt content            die  codepre  pCan anyone please help me with this onep
Negative 42922 pI have a Rails 4.1 controller action called show that renders a page with a contact form.  When the user hits Send Now on the contact form, I want a message notification that will be appended to the participantnotification div id.  p  pNow, when I have all the form fields filled out correctly, a new kite detail is created in the database, however a success message is not appended to participant notification in the show.html.haml page.  Neither is an error message.   What is going wrongp  pstrongshow.html.haml with formstrongp  precode formfor kitedetail, as kitedetail, url sendwindquestionspath, html  method post , remote true do f   p Send questions about this kite to us   .inputgroup     span       i.fa.fauser      f.textfield fullname,  placeholder Full Name    .inputgroup     span       i.fa.faenvelopeo      f.textfield email, placeholder Email address    .inputgroup     .left        f.radiobutton message, I would like more information about this kite.     div.right I would like more information about this kite.     .left        f.radiobutton message, I, or someone I know would be interested in participating in this kite.     div.right I, or someone I know would be interested in participating in this kite.     .left        f.radiobutton message, I would like to collaborate with the designer.     div.right I would like to collaborate with the designer.    f.submit Send Now, class kiteformbutton, id participantkiteform participantnotification codepre  pstrongI also have a controller action sendwindquestionsstrongp  precode def sendwindquestions     kitedetail  Kite.newkitedetailparams     if kitedetail.save       puts success       flash[success]  Your message has been sent.     else       puts error       flash[error]  You didnt specify name, email, or some other error occurred.     end     render nothing true   end codepre  pstrongHere is my ajax javascriptstrongp  precodeformnewkitedetail.submitfunction        var valuesToSubmit  this.serialize     console.logvaluesToSubmit     .ajax         type POST,         url sendwindquestions,          data valuesToSubmit,         dataType JSON,          success functionresponse            participantnotification.appendltpgtYou have successfully submitted your message.ltpgt         ,         error function request, status, error            participantnotification.appendrequest.responseText                   return false  prevents normal behaviour  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm developing an iPhoneonly app. When I simulate it on iPad 3rd gen. iOS 8.0, it acts like as universal app, I mean the app is full screen and there is no x2, x1 choices on the corner.  On the other hand, when I simulate it on simulator iPad Retina, iOS 8.1 on mac, it behaves like iPhoneonly app that is what I expect.p  ul liI check targeted device, build settings and it is iPhone.li liI copy source files to new project and nothings changed.  not settings, only source files.li liI disable size classes change them to iPhone and still nothings changed. li ul  pWhat do you suggest to solve this problemp
Negative 42922 pIm amending someone elses code to run with django 1.8 and I wonder if there is a direct replacement for the linep  precode from south.db import db codepre  puses includep  precodeif db.backendname  postgres     db.starttransaction     db.executemanycommands.PGDISABLETRIGGERS     db.committransaction codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to add part of a large codeNSArraycode to another codeNSArraycode. However, Im doing something wrong since it keeps throwing errors.p  pThis is the specific codep  precodeproperty nonatomic, strong NSMutableArray searches property nonatomic, strong NSMutableArray chosenResult  ...bit further down...  for NSString string in self.searches[indexPath.row]      [self.chosenResult addObjectstring]  codepre  pThis is the errorp  precodeNSInvalidArgumentException, reason [Search countByEnumeratingWithStateobjectscount] unrecognized selector sent to instance 0x7a1710d0 codepre
Negative 42922 pSo i was trying to make a serverclient setup in a java project using eclipse. details more or less irrelevant except that i was trying to pass an HashMap object back and forth.p  pI am able to do just that however when the server sent the first HashMap HM1 the client would take in HM1 and act accordingly. however when another HashMap came in, the client did not receive HM2, but instead HM1, despite repeated verifications that server was indeed sending HM2 object.p  pi later resolved the issue by sending dos.ObjectOutputStreamHashMapObject.clone instead of just dos.ObjectOutputStreamHashMapObject and now the client gets the right data.p  pbear in mind i have only tested by connecting to localhost for debugging.p  pnow my question is, i do not understand why .clone made the difference, can someone explain to me whyp
Negative 42922 pi have a menu when i click a btn it slidesout ,which is fine but now i want to press anywhere else to hide the menu amp not only pressing the same btn.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidetrue div classsnippetcode snippetcurrentlyhidden pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecode menu .toggle.clickfunctionevent  event.preventDefault .self.toggleClassshowm .toggle.toggleClassshowt .content.toggleClassmoveco     sform.submitfunctionevent  if search.val  event.preventDefault  else  .pjax.submitevent, result   codepre pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode   outline none important   boxsizing borderbox   transition all 0.3s easeinout  li      liststyle none  .content   padding 100px 0   menu  toggle  .menu .toggle      padding 10px     position fixed     top 20px     left 0     zindex 10     background 111     color fff     border none  .showt      transform translate300px,0   menu self .menu .self      width 300px     padding 15px     position fixed     top 0     bottom 0     left 310px     zindex 20     textalign center     background white     boxshadow 2px 0 10px 0 rgba0,0,0,0.5  .showm      left 0 important  .menu .self ul      padding 0  .menu .self ul li      padding 10px 0     margin 10px 0     textalign center     background ecf0f1  .menu .self li a      width 100     display inlineblock     color 95a5a6  .moveco      transform translate250px,0 codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery2.1.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltdiv classmenugt   ltbutton typebutton classtogglegtMenultbuttongt   ltnav classselfgt     ltulgt       ltligtitem 1ltligt   ltligtitem 2ltligt   ltligtitem 3ltligt ltulgt   ltnavgt ltdivgt  ltsection classcontentgt    ltpgt          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Ab, ex, nihil Recusandae porro sit            facere architecto, optio id quis odio qui similique reiciendis dolor, saepe assumenda placeat            voluptatem iusto sunt       ltpgt  ltsectiongtcodepre div div p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pfor those who downvote amp run ,there is a magical button call codeadd a commentcode which u can use to express a solution .p
Negative 42922 pThe question is quite straight forward. As told by the a hrefhttpsdocs.python.org3librarysite.html relnofollowPython doca, the site package should be automatically imported during initilization. but this is not the case for me. I have to import it mannually to make it work using thisp  precodeimport site site.main codepre  pAlso, Im sure that the directory pythonlib which contains site.py is in the search path. And Im using windows 7. p  pIm wondering what is wrong here if any one knows...p
Negative 42922 pI have a perfectly working unsion version 2.48.3 which I installed via homebrew. So far so good. But I want to keep a folder in sync with a remote machine on which unison is installed in version 2.40.x. I do not have root access on this remote machine, therefore I was wondering wether there is a convenient way to also maintain a 2.40.x install on my local machine and I would preferably know wether this can also be mainted by homebrew.p  pbest regards, khx0p
Negative 42922 pI have a simple select tagp  precodeJob Category     ltselect namejobCatgt         ltoption valuetechgtTechnologyltoptiongt         ltoption valueadmingtAdministrationltoptiongt         ltoption valuebiologygtBiologyltoptiongt         ltoption valuesciencegtScienceltoptiongt      ltselectgt codepre  pnow when the user selects a option i want to send the data to a servlet dopost methodp  pThe above code resides in abc.jsp and the name of servlet file is pqr.javap  pHow to perform the above actionp  pI have read something likep  precodeltform actionlogin methodpostgt     UserId  ltinput typetexthtml nameuserIdgtltbrgtltbrgt     Password ltinput typepassword namepasswordgtltbrgtltbrgt     ltinput typesubmitgt ltformgt codepre  pand this i mapped to login servlet byp  precodeWebServletlogin codepre  pso when the user presses submit then the data is sent to this servlet. Now i want to achieve the same functionality with the select statementp  pThis is the scheduleMeet.jsp file     lt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetUTF8         pageEncodingUTF8     ltpage importimportant.businessService.dto.Employee                          Insert title herep  precodeltheadgt ltbodygt  Job Category ltform actionscheduleMeet methodpostgt ltselect namejobCatgt     ltoption valuetechgtTechnologyltoptiongt     ltoption valueadmingtAdministrationltoptiongt     ltoption valuebiologygtBiologyltoptiongt     ltoption valuesciencegtScienceltoptiongt ltselectgt ltformgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pand this is the  ScheduleMeetServlet.java     package importantp  precodeimport java.io.IOException import javax.servlet.ServletException import javax.servlet.annotation.WebServlet import javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse     Servlet implementation class scheduleMeetServlet   WebServletscheduleMeet public class scheduleMeetServlet extends HttpServlet      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L      protected void doPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse     response throws ServletException, IOException       TODO Autogenerated method stub     String jobCategory  request.getParameterjobCat     System.out.printlnJob category is   jobCategory       codepre  pp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to import a file though email to the app.  When the attachment is selected through email, the app is allowed to Open in MYAPP, and it then opens.  p  pThe UIApplicationDelegate Protocol Reference method successfully handles the request but codeNSLog,fileStringcode is null.  p  pThe following code is UPDATED and works as expectedp  precodeAppDelegate.m  BOOL applicationUIApplication application openURLNSURL url sourceApplicationNSString sourceApplication annotationidannotation      if url  nil ampamp [url isFileURL]              NSError outError         NSString fileString  [NSString stringWithContentsOfURLurl encoding NSASCIIStringEncoding g errorampoutError]         NSLog,fileString          return YES  codepre  pAnd this is my Info.plistp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comyWK8A.png altInfo.plistp
Negative 42922 pI am working on the following code. This code is used to write downloaded data from a database to a .csv file. The issue here is that the code formats and writes data in a specific manner to the .csv file which is further used in subsequent codes. Hence I cannot use alternative ways of dumping the data to a .csv file. I am stuck with the following code where I can only make small alterations to make it work. The entire code is as followsp  precodefid  fopenIFile,wt fprintffid,ID,Date  fprintffid,,DATE   ERROR HERE for jj1lengthtVars     fprintffid,,s,tVarsjj end  end ERROR  fprintffid,n  for ii1lengthid       Another ERROR here     for jj2lengthtVars         s  [tmpVar   tVarsjj ii]         evals  end second ERROR          tmpVarstrfindtmpVar, ,           if strcmpNA,tmpVar  strcmpNaN,tmpVar  ...                 strcmpNA,tmpVar             fprintffid,,         else             fprintffid,,s,tmpVar         end         clear tmpVar     end        fprintffid,n     clear tmp end fclosefid toctStart codepre  pI get mainly two errors in the above code each corresponding to the marked parts of the code. For the first  part, the error is p  blockquote   pError using codefprintfcode....br   Function is not defined for cell inputs p blockquote  pThe second error corresponding to the second part is p  blockquote   pUndefined function or method codeevalcode for input arguments of type cell p blockquote  pI tried correcting the above errors     1 first error by usingp  precodefor jj1lengthtVars     fprintffid,,s,,chartVarsjj end codepre  pand 2 second error by using p  precodefor jj2lengthtimeVars        s  [tmpVar   chartimeVarsjj ii]        evals codepre  pBut when I make the above alterations, although I do not get any errors and code runs smoothly, I get an empty .csv file with no dataheadings written to it. Any help would be very much appreciated. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pI am new at this, and am not quite sure what Im doing, Im learning as I go ahead.p  pI have assigned a variable to store the value of rowID. Now I want to send that rowID value to a php file so I can use it in a where clause.p  pThis is my ajax part.p  precode                .ajax                            type POST,               url completed.php,               data  complete rowID                           .donefunction msg                                alert Data Saved  msg               codepre  pI am unsure of what the next step it. Could anyone help me out please What do I need to do in order to use that value in a query.p  pThis is part of the query in the completed.php file. I have the connection and all before itp  precodequery  UPDATE tbltodo SET completed1 WHERE id rowID   codepre
Negative 42922 pHow i can perform barcode scanner in offline mode with using in camera as it can scan barcode and return the number to mep
Negative 42922 pi have a structure in my C like thisp  precodestruct STHDTextInfo      char fontname                         char text                               unsigned int fontcolor                  unsigned int backgroundcolor           int style                               int fontsize                            struct STHDTextInfo next          codepre  pand i redeclare it in my C code like thisp  precode[StructLayoutLayoutKind.Sequential,Pack4]     unsafe struct  STHDTextInfo              [MarshalAsAttributeUnmanagedType.ByValTStr, SizeConst  25]         public fixed char fontname[25]         [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.ByValTStr, ArraySubType  UnmanagedType.I1, SizeConst  20]         public char[] text         [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.SysUInt]         public uint fontcolor         [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.SysUInt]         public uint backgroundcolor         [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.SysInt]         public ENFontStyle style         [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.SysInt]         public int fontsize         [MarshalAsUnmanagedType.SysInt]         public STHDTextInfo next      codepre  pthe field strongnextstrong is a pointer to same structure. when i use strongchar[] varstrong for string variable because structure not have fix size VS take an error on strongpublic STHDTextInfo emnextemstrong but when use fixed char var[SIZEOFVAR] the problem resolve but occur another mistake. Filling char variable is a new problem i use this code for convert counst string to charp  precodeIntPtr p  Marshal.StringToHGlobalAutoPoor Richard char newCharStr  charp.ToPointer  textinfo.fontname  newCharStr  codepre  pin this station my string convert to char but VS take this error The lefthand side of an assignment must be a variable, property or indexer   p
Negative 42922 pI have data on one worksheet named Master that I am trying to conditionally copy over each row to a workbook called Auto based on whether the original row has Hire in column A.p  precodeSub Macro2 Dim lr As Long, lr2 As Long, r As Long lr  SheetsMaster.CellsRows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Row lr2  SheetsAUTO.CellsRows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Row      For r  lr To 2 Step 1         Select Case RangeA amp r.Value            Case Is  Hire            Rowsr.Copy DestinationSheetsAUTO.RangeA amp lr2  1             lr2  SheetsAUTO.CellsRows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Row         End Select     Next r End Sub codepre  pWhen I run the macro, however, it does not populate the second worksheet. p
Negative 42922 pI am using Apache POI to read and Write XSSF WorkBook.p  pOn click on a button a file needs to be Generated XSSF Workbook with 5 sheets in it, .xlsm extension its having 50 columns, out of which I am populating 4 of the Columns .... Now once this file is saved in users system these 4 columns data which my code populated should be non editableStrictly only these 4,remaining 46 Columns user should be able to edit the data. How to Achieve that I Can use Latest Apache POIp
Negative 42922 pLooking for someone to let me know how grab the action name from a Module Core Controller and instead of executing an action use the action name as a variable for determine which content to output.p  pBasically, I am switching over to strongSocialEnginestrong instead of my wordpress install and in order to keep my old page structure I am setting up modules for pulling page output. So, I setup a Controller for sculptures and then each sculpture data is stored in a database table.p  pSo when someone goes to strongMyDomainsculpturesstrong they would get a list pulled from the database that would dynamically generate the urls for navigating to the individual sculpture page... which would, of course, be strongMyDomainsculturessculpturenamestrongp  pWhich would normally execute the strongpublic function sculpturenameActionstrong function in the controller, however, I would like to intercept the action name and execute a different function that would provide the data for the individual sculpture page based upon the action name.p  pIs this possible How would I do itp
Negative 42922 pI have build hybrid application for IPAD, using cordova. I need to get the name of connected current wifi network. I have gone through couple of plugins of cordova which couldnt help me out. Can anyone let me know how to achieve this by cordova plugin or javascript plugin.p
Negative 42922 pi have got a use case where i need to authenticate into oracle database and oracle access manager using the user details in active directory.. can any one help with thisp  pThanks, Rakesh KRp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to run a client application on the same server that hosts our IIShosted raven server build 2947.  The IIS site that hosts raven is bound to an SSL certificatehostname  we would like to enforce secure requests only and redirect http requests to https. When I set the connection to use the https protocolp  precodeUrlhttpsravendb.somewhere.netDatabaseStaffDb codepre  pI get a 401 denied error when the connection is opened.  If I disable the redirect and connect to localhost nonsecurely, it works finep  precodeUrlhttplocalhostDatabaseStaffDb codepre  pa hrefhttpravendb.netdocsarticlepage2.5csharpserverdeploymentenablingssl relnofollowThe docs suggest SSL can only be enabled when running as a servicea  does this mean our scenario of running within a secure IIS site is not possiblep
Negative 42922 pstrongSome contextstrong  I currently working on a home automation project which involves arduino controllers I need to connect to via TCPIP. The arduino works as a server.p  pstrongMy Questionstrong  How can I mock this arduino connection for testing porpoises Couldnt find any good resource to learn from. Sorry if my question is duplicated, but I did not find any answer here that fits my needs.p  pAny help will be appreciated p
Negative 42922 pIm working on a conditional block in BASH that prevents users from using both usr or usrlocal as their install prefix. The block below works if the prefix is typed in exactly usr or usrlocal by the user, hence the need for regex. Every regex pattern I have used seems to not want to work. They work great for matching files but directory names, not so much.p  pIdeasp  precodeif [[ prefix  usr  prefix  usrlocal ]]then     echo Youre holding it wrong     echo The install prefix cannot be in usr or usrlocal     echo Is the install prefix defined     echo      exit 1 fi codepre  pThanks,p  pBrandonp
Negative 42922 pThis is my application contextp  pp  precodeltbean idpropertyConfigurer     classorg.jasypt.spring.properties.EncryptablePropertyPlaceholderConfigurergt     ltconstructorarg refconfigurationEncryptor gt     ltproperty namelocationsgt         ltlistgt             ltvaluegtclasspathmail.propertiesltvaluegt         ltlistgt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt  ltbean idconfigurationEncryptor classorg.jasypt.encryption.pbe.StandardPBEStringEncryptorgt     ltproperty nameconfig refenvironmentVariablesConfiguration gt ltbeangt  ltbean idenvironmentVariablesConfiguration     classorg.jasypt.encryption.pbe.config.EnvironmentStringPBEConfiggt     ltproperty namealgorithm valueabcd gt     ltproperty namepassword valuexyz gt ltbeangt  lt for add or modify new variable. gt ltbean classjava.util.Properties idapplicationPropertiesParametergt     ltconstructorarggt         ltmapgt             ltentry keylx.appName valueapplication.name gt             ltentry keylx.multipleRole valuefalse gt         ltmapgt     ltconstructorarggt ltbeangt     ltimport resourcemailContext.xmlgt codepre  pI am getting Context initialization failed while starting JBoss serverp  precodeorg.springframework.beans.factory.BeanDefinitionStoreException Invalid bean definition with name authenticationSuccessHandler defined in class path resource [securityhandlerContext.xml] Could not resolve placeholder lx.alwaysUseDefaultTargetUrl in string value lx.alwaysUseDefaultTargetUrl     at org.springframework.beans.factory.config.PlaceholderConfigurerSupport.doProcessPropertiesPlaceholderConfigurerSupport.java209 codepre
Negative 42922 pI am trying to return multiple models for a route, and, yes, I am using RSVP.Hash a hrefhttpsgithub.comayqaziclagfrontendblobfaa905585cc30096b2c16cc8dbac86d79cc6ce24jsrouter.jsL28 relnofollowGitHub linkap  precodeApp.GamesIndexRoute  Ember.Route.extend     model function           return new Ember.RSVP.Hash             player App.LocalPlayer.singletonthis.store,             games [id 1, name Game 1, id 2, name Game 2]              ,      setupController functioncontroller, models          this.supercontroller, models         controller.setplayer, models.player       codepre  pThe problem is, one of the objects is coming from a promise itself as I want to find only the first object from that model a hrefhttpsgithub.comayqaziclagfrontendblobfaa905585cc30096b2c16cc8dbac86d79cc6ce24jsmodelsLocalPlayer.js relnofollowGitHub linkap  precodeApp.LocalPlayer  DS.Model.extend     name DS.attrstring,     playerId DS.attrstring   App.LocalPlayer.singleton  function store      return new Ember.RSVP.Promisefunction resolve, reject          store.findlocalPlayer.thenfunction things              var p  things.getfirstObject             ifp                  p  store.createRecordlocalPlayer                          resolvep             rejecterror Error loading LocalPlayer                codepre  pWhen I try and go to the games.index route after having created a LocalPlayer object, it says Error while processing route games.index undefined is not a function TypeError undefined is not a functionp  pThe repo is on a hrefhttpsgithub.comayqaziclagfrontendtreefaa905585cc30096b2c16cc8dbac86d79cc6ce24 relnofollowGitHub herea  totally open source. Please help.p
Negative 42922 pIm having some issues using freetype2 rendering text, adapting it from using SDLttf previously.p  pThe code below results in the following imagep  pimg srchttpi.imgur.comt6l1Py2.png altp  pClearly not the DejaVu Sans font that its set to, but unfortunately Im at a loss to whats going wrong.p  pI think the code is mostly selfexplanatory  blitrect.address is the destination bufferp  precode   Blit text to the screen.   param text Text to display.   param colour Colour of the text.   param xpos Absolute horizontal position at the display.   param ypos Absolute vertical position at the display.   param width Available width of the text in pixels.   param align Horizontal alignment of the string.   void VideoSystemBlitTextconst uint8 text, uint32 colour, int xpos, int ypos, int width, Alignment align      thisgtblitrect.ValidateAddress      int w, h     thisgtGetTextSizetext, ampw, amph     ypos  h     int realw  stdminw, width     switch align          case ALGLEFT             break          case ALGCENTER             xpos  width  realw  2             break          case ALGRIGHT             xpos  width  realw             break          default NOTREACHED           bool usekerning  FTHASKERNINGthisgtface     uint previous  0     FTGlyphSlot slot  thisgtfacegtglyph      for const uint8 pt  text pt  0          uint32 u32         int len  DecodeUtf8Charpt, strlenconst char pt, ampu32         if len  0 break         pt  len          uint glyph  FTGetCharIndexthisgtface, u32          if usekerning ampamp previous ampamp glyph              FTVector delta             FTGetKerningthisgtface, previous, glyph, FTKERNINGDEFAULT, ampdelta             xpos  delta.x gtgt 6                   if FTLoadGlyphthisgtface, glyph, FTLOADRENDER  0                    uint32 dest  thisgtblitrect.address  xpos  slotgtbitmapleft  ypos  slotgtbitmaptop  thisgtblitrect.pitch         for int i  0 i lt slotgtbitmap.rows i              if ypos  slotgtbitmaptop  i lt 0 continue             for int j  0 j lt slotgtbitmap.pitch j                  if xpos  slotgtbitmapleft  j lt 0 continue                 if slotgtbitmap.buffer[i  slotgtbitmap.pitch  j] gt 0                      dest[i  thisgtblitrect.pitch  j]  slotgtbitmap.buffer[i  slotgtbitmap.pitch  j]                                                 previous  glyph         xpos  slotgtadvance.x gtgt 6         ypos  slotgtadvance.y gtgt 6       codepre  pEDIT Font is loaded withp  precode Freetype init  if FTInitFreeTypeampthisgtlibrary  0    if FTNewFacethisgtlibrary, fontname, 0, ampthisgtface  0     todo use actual screen dpi  if FTSetCharSizethisgtface, 0, fontsize  64, 0, 0  0   codepre  pEDIT2 adding codeFTRenderGlyphslot, FTRENDERMODENORMALcode or codeFTRENDERMODEMONOcode after the FTLoadGlyph does nothing.p  pAny other comments about the quality appreciated, of coursep
Negative 42922 pI am trying to calculate number of weeks in a month using moment js. But I am getting wrong results for some months like May 2015 and August 2015.p  pI am using this code.p  precodevar start  moment.startOfmonth.formatDD var end  moment.endOfmonth.formatDD var weeks  endstart17 weeks  Math.ceilweeks codepre  pIs there any prebuilt method in moment JS for getting number of weeks.p
Negative 42922 pI am using Grails 2.3.8 I am using  codeorg.yaml.snakeyaml.Yamlcode class. Didnt have any issues with GGTS workspace finding the package during auto complete in the source. But when running the application I getp  precodejava.lang.ClassNotFoundExceptionorg.yaml.snakeyaml.Yaml codepre  pMy assumption was this is part of the core Grails and the jars will be included automatically. Do I have to configure and add the jar or dependency in the BuildConfig.groovy p
Negative 42922 pSome time ago, I asked in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17291965embedtheexistingcodeofamethodinatryfinallyblockEmbed the existing code of a method in a tryfinally blocka how to wrap the body of a method in a tryfinally block using ASM. The solution was to visit a label for the try block at the beginning of the method body in codevisitCodecode and to complete the tryfinally block when visiting an instruction with a return opcode in codevisitInsncode. I was aware that the solution wont be working if a method has no return instruction which applies if the method is always leaving with an exception.p  pThough, I discovered that the former solution is sometimes inappropriate for methods with return instructions, too. It wont be working if a method has more than one return instruction. The reason is that it generates invalid bytecode because one tryfinally block is added at the beginning of the method but more than one tryfinally block is completed.p  pUsually but probably depending on the javac compiler, a bytecode method contains a single return instruction and all return paths end at that instruction by jumping there. However, the compilation of the following code with Eclipse will lead to byte code with two return instructionsp  precodepublic boolean isEvenint x    return x  2  0  codepre  pByte code compiled with Eclipsep  precode   0 iload1    1 iconst2    2 irem    3 ifne          8    6 iconst1    7 ireturn        javac compilation goto 9    8 iconst0    9 ireturn codepre  pThus, I am wondering strongwhat the proper way to wrap the whole code of a method code is.strongp
Negative 42922 pIm running a django application on tornado server.p  pBy using this scriptp  precodeusrbinenv python   Runs a Tornado web server with a django project  Make sure to edit the DJANGOSETTINGSMODULE to point to your settings.py   httplocalhost8080hellotornado  httplocalhost8080  import sys import os  from tornado.options import options, define, parsecommandline import tornado.httpserver import tornado.ioloop import tornado.web import tornado.wsgi  from django.core.wsgi import getwsgiapplication   defineport, typeint, default8080   class HelloHandlertornado.web.RequestHandler def getself     self.writeHello from tornado   def main os.environ[DJANGOSETTINGSMODULE]  siatpre.settings  TODO edit this sys.path.append.siatpre8  path to your project if needed  parsecommandline  wsgiapp  getwsgiapplication container  tornado.wsgi.WSGIContainerwsgiapp  tornadoapp  tornado.web.Application     [         hellotornado, HelloHandler,         ., tornado.web.FallbackHandler, dictfallbackcontainer,     ]  server  tornado.httpserver.HTTPServertornadoapp server.listenoptions.port  tornado.ioloop.IOLoop.instance.start  if name  main     main codepre  pThe project path siatpre8 is correct, and everything is running just fine, the only problem are static files for admin styles, and files uploaded to the app.p  pHowever, I cant load admin styles, even after I put codeSTATICROOT, STATICFILESDIRScode on my settings.py.p  pThis is an development environment, any ideasp  pIf you need further details please let me know.p  pThanks in advancep  pstrongEDITstrongp  pMy directory layoutp  precode ejemplosDeDatos  imagenesaplicacion  nodemodules  pycache  siatpre  apps   pycache   scppp       lector        pycache       Pruebapresion        pycache       pycache       Utilitarios           pycache  media   archivosDeCarga   css   img   js    jquery        css         themes             base                 images        js   scppp    imagenesaplicacion    original        css        img        js   siatpre       scpp  pycache  static   admin    css    img     gis    js        admin   media    archivosDeCarga    css    img    js    scppp     imagenesaplicacion     original         css         img         js    siatpre        scpp   templates       scppp           imagenesaplicacion           original               css               img               js  templates      scppp          imagenesaplicacion          original              css              img              js codepre  pMy codesettings.pycode static files structure declarationsp  precodeSTATICURL  static  ADMINMEDIAPREFIX  static  STATICFILESDIRS  [ homekkocisiatpre3.3.1siatpre2015siatpre8siatprestaticadmin, homekkocisiatpre3.3.1siatpre2015siatpre8siatpremediaarchivosDeCarga, homepolls.compollsstatic, optwebfilescommon, ] STATICROOT  staticadmin  ADMINMEDIAPREFIX  staticadmincss  STATICFILESFINDERS    django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.FileSystemFinder, django.contrib.staticfiles.finders.AppDirectoriesFinder,   TEMPLATEDIRS   os.path.joinos.path.dirnamefile,templates,   MEDIAROOT    os.path.normpathos.path.joinos.path.dirnamefile,media  MEDIAURL  media codepre
Negative 42922 pTrying to upgrade matplotlib as in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions18064159cantupgradematplotlibthis posta, I ranp  precodeexport PYTHONHOMEusrlibpython2.7 sudo easyinstall U distribute sudo pip install upgrade matplotlib codepre  pNow whenever I try to run codepythoncode I get codeImportError no module named oscode. What happened Please help me. Im on OS X 10.9.5.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to do something like this to automate watchcompile and browsersync but its not working.p  precodebinsh nvm use 0.10 watchcompile browsersync start server files index.html, css.css, js.js codepre  pThis is to be run in the project directory. p  pRunning the above gives me the followingp  precode.watch.sh line 2 nvm command not found .watch.sh line 3 watchcompile command not found .watch.sh line 4 browsersync command not found codepre  pwatchcompile and browsersync should be separate processes.p  pAny help will be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI have a solution with one web application which contains Models and Views and the Controllers in a separate class library. I have Razor views in my views folder. When I type in the url e.g. HomeIndex the constructor correctly finds the correct view index.cshtml, however If If dont enter the actions name, I get an error stating that the Resource cant be found and the requested url is  Homeindex.aspx. p  pHow can I make the constructor look for razor views by default. My route config is just the standard default one.p  precode public static void RegisterRoutesRouteCollection routes          routes.IgnoreRouteresource.axdpathInfo          routes.MapRoute                 name Default,                 url controlleractionid,                 namespaces new[]  MyProject.Controllers ,                 defaults new  action  Index, id  UrlParameter.Optional                    codepre  pexcept I have a reference to the Controllers namespace.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI have this codep  precodepublic static void mainString[] args   Connection connection  null  try      System.out.printlnLoading driver...     Class.forNamecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver     System.out.printlnDriver loaded   catch ClassNotFoundException e      throw new RuntimeExceptionCannot find the driver in the classpath, e   try     System.out.printlnConnecting database...    connection  DriverManager.getConnectionjdbcmysqllocalhost1527myDB, simon, simon    System.out.printlnDatabase connected   catch SQLException e      throw new RuntimeExceptionCannot connect the database, e   finally      System.out.printlnClosing the connection.     if connection  null try  connection.close  catch SQLException ignore          codepre  pafter I start the execution, it prints only Loading driver... Driver loaded Connecting database...p  pand after that its still running, but Database connected isnt printed.  Where can be the problem p
Negative 42922 puse this simple code for run a window based on qdialogp  precodeimport maya.OpenMayaUI as mui import sip from PyQt4 import QtGui, QtCore, uic   def getMayaWindow     ptr  mui.MQtUtil.mainWindow     return sip.wrapinstancelongptr, QtCore.QObject   formclass, baseclass  uic.loadUiTypeperforceBrowserWnd.ui   class PerforceWindowbaseclass, formclass     def initself, parentgetMayaWindow         superbaseclass, self.initparent         self.setupUiself   def perforceBrowser2     perforceBrowserWnd  PerforceWindow     perforceBrowserWnd.show  perforceBrowser2 codepre  pevery time you run the function perforceBrowser2 there is a new copy of windows. p  phow to find whether a window is already running and not to open a new copy of it, and go to the opened window or just do not give a script to run a second copy of windowp  pemps. maya2014  pyqt4  python2.7emp
Negative 42922 pI have an activity that implements onGestureListener and I have some code in its onFling method. The xml layout I am using for this activity contains a Linear layout vertical wrapping a relative layout and a custom layout class.p  pThis custom layout class extends Relative layout. Inside this custom layout class, I have a readerView from Mupdf library to open pdfs. When I swipe on the relative layout part, it works fine but when I swipe on my custom layout pdfLayout, it does not detect the gesture. I even set up an on touch listener for the pdfLayout on onCreate. I realized that the onFling method in ReaderView that is inside the PdfLayout is being called when I swipe on the PdfLayout. I do not understand how to communicate from my activity to my reader view that is inside the PdfLayout. I do not know where I made a mistake. I appreciate any helpp  pHere is my PdfActivityp  precode    import java.io.File     import android.annotation.SuppressLint     import android.app.Activity     import android.content.Context     import android.content.Intent     import android.graphics.Color     import android.graphics.Typeface     import android.net.Uri     import android.os.Bundle     import android.os.Environment     import android.util.Log     import android.view.MotionEvent     import android.view.View     import android.view.View.OnClickListener     import android.view.View.OnTouchListener     import android.view.Window     import android.view.WindowManager     import android.widget.ImageButton     import android.widget.LinearLayout     import android.widget.RelativeLayout     import android.widget.TextView     import android.view.GestureDetector     import android.view.GestureDetector.OnGestureListener       public class PdfActivity extends Activity implements OnGestureListener          private static final int SWIPEMINDISTANCE  120         private static final int SWIPEMAXOFFPATH  250         private static final int SWIPETHRESHOLDVELOCITY  200          static Context c         static LinearLayout pdfLl         PdfLayout pdfLayout         static View buttons         static RelativeLayout rl         static String title         TextView tv         TextView page          int n  1         int totalpages          GestureDetector detector          SuppressWarningsdeprecation         SuppressLintNewApi         Override         protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState               TODO Autogenerated method stub             super.onCreatesavedInstanceState             this.requestWindowFeatureWindow.FEATURENOTITLE              this.getWindow.setFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGFULLSCREEN, WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGFULLSCREEN             setContentViewR.layout.pdfact               detectornew GestureDetectorthis               View rootView  findViewByIdR.layout.pdfact              pdfLl  LinearLayout findViewByIdR.id.readerCont             rl  RelativeLayout findViewByIdR.id.buttonsCont             pdfLayout  PdfLayout findViewByIdR.id.pdfLayout             ImageButton prev  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.prev             ImageButton next  ImageButton findViewByIdR.id.next             tv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.title             page  TextView findViewByIdR.id.pageNo             page.setTextColorColor.BLACK             page.setTypefacenull, Typeface.ITALIC             c  this             Intent intent  getIntent             Uri uri  intent.getData             title  intent.getStringExtratitle             totalpages  intent.getIntExtratotalpages, 1             page.setTextn of totalpages Pages              tv.setTextColorColor.BLACK             tv.setTypefacenull, Typeface.BOLDITALIC             tv.setTexttitle              prev.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                   Override                 public void onClickView paramView                       TODO Autogenerated method stub                     Log.ePdf Act, prev button clicked amp nn                     ifngt1 ampamp nlttotalpages                         pdfLayout.pre                         n                         File file  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectoryPaperBoyAndhraBhoomiABn.pdf                         iffile.exists ampamp filenull                             pdfLayout.setCorefile.getAbsolutePath                                                  else                             pdfLayout.setCoreEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectorypdpage.pdf                                                  page.setTextn of totalpages Pages                                                                 next.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                   Override                 public void onClickView v                       TODO Autogenerated method stub                     Log.ePdf Act, next button clicked amp nn                     ifngt1 ampamp nlttotalpages                         pdfLayout.next                         n                         File file  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectoryPaperBoyAndhraBhoomiABn.pdf                         iffile.exists ampamp filenull                             pdfLayout.setCorefile.getAbsolutePath                                                  else                       pdfLayout.setCoreEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectorypdpage.pdf                                                  page.setTextn of totalpages Pages                                                                 pdfLayout.setOnTouchListenernew OnTouchListener                   Override                 public boolean onTouchView paramView, MotionEvent paramMotionEvent                       TODO Autogenerated method stub                     return detector.onTouchEventparamMotionEvent                                                     Override             protected void onPause                  super.onPause                 onStop                        public void screenTappedView view                  Log.epdf act, tapped                  ifrl.getVisibilityView.VISIBLE                     rl.setVisibilityView.GONE                                   ifrl.getVisibilityView.GONE                     rl.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE                                         Override             public boolean onTouchEventMotionEvent event                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 return detector.onTouchEventevent                       Override         public boolean onDownMotionEvent paramMotionEvent               TODO Autogenerated method stub             Log.ePdf Act, on down gesture             return false                    Override         public void onShowPressMotionEvent paramMotionEvent               TODO Autogenerated method stub             Log.ePdf Act, on show press gesture                    Override         public boolean onSingleTapUpMotionEvent paramMotionEvent               TODO Autogenerated method stub             Log.ePdf Act, on single tap up gesture             return true                    Override         public boolean onScrollMotionEvent paramMotionEvent1,                 MotionEvent paramMotionEvent2, float paramFloat1, float paramFloat2               TODO Autogenerated method stub             Log.ePdf Act, on scroll gesture             return false                    Override         public void onLongPressMotionEvent paramMotionEvent               TODO Autogenerated method stub             Log.ePdf Act, on long press gesture                    Override         public boolean onFlingMotionEvent e1,                 MotionEvent e2, float velocityX, float velocityY               TODO Autogenerated method stub             Log.ePdf Act, on fling gesture              try                  if Math.abse1.getY  e2.getY gt SWIPEMAXOFFPATH                     return false                                   right to left swipe                 if e1.getX  e2.getX gt SWIPEMINDISTANCE                         ampamp Math.absvelocityX gt SWIPETHRESHOLDVELOCITY                      onLeftSwipe                         ifngt1 ampamp nlttotalpages                                 pdfLayout.next                                 n                                 File file  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectoryPaperBoyAndhraBhoomiABn.pdf                                 iffile.exists ampamp filenull                                     pdfLayout.setCorefile.getAbsolutePath                                                                  else                                     pdfLayout.setCoreEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectorypdpage.pdf                                                                  page.setTextn of totalpages Pages                                                                 left to right swipe                 else if e2.getX  e1.getX gt SWIPEMINDISTANCE                         ampamp Math.absvelocityX gt SWIPETHRESHOLDVELOCITY                      onRightSwipe                     ifngt1 ampamp nlttotalpages                                 pdfLayout.pre                                 n                                 File file  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectoryPaperBoyAndhraBhoomiABn.pdf                                 iffile.exists ampamp filenull                                     pdfLayout.setCorefile.getAbsolutePath                                                                  else                                     pdfLayout.setCoreEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectorypdpage.pdf                                                                  page.setTextn of totalpages Pages                                                            catch Exception e                            return false                   codepre  pHere is my xml layout file for the above activityp  precode    ltLinearLayout  xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid         androidididreaderCont         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidorientationvertical          androidbackgrounddrawabletiledbackgroundgt           ltRelativeLayout             androidididbuttonsCont             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheight40dp             androidbackgroundcolorgrey             androidlayoutgravitytopgt           ltImageButton             androidididprev             androidsrcdrawableleftarrow             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackground0000             androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue             androidlayoutcenterVerticaltrue             androidpaddingLeft3dp             androidclickabletruegt         ltTextView             androidididtitle             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue             androidpaddingTop3dpgt         ltTextView              androidididpageNo             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutcenterHorizontaltrue             androidlayoutbelowidtitle             androidpaddingBottom3dpgt         ltImageButton              androidididnext             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackground0000             androidsrcdrawablerightarrow             androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue             androidlayoutcenterVerticaltrue             androidclickabletrue             androidpaddingRight3dpgt         ltRelativeLayoutgt          ltcom.paper.PdfLayout             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidididpdfLayout             androidclickabletrue             androidfocusabletrue             androidfocusableInTouchModetruegt        ltLinearLayoutgt codepre
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to load images for sprites using the Python library a hrefhttpwww.pyglet.org relnofollowpygleta. The original purpose was gamerelated, but I believe I have distilled the issue down to a single line of code. In the Python shell, I import pyglet, and then I run this line of code or something equivalentp  precodepyglet.image.loadimage.png codepre  pPython quits, and the terminal outputsp  precodeSegmentation fault core dumped codepre  pSometimes it doesnt do this, though, and instead throwsp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletinit.py, line 351, in getattr     return getattrself.module, name AttributeError NoneType object has no attribute load  During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred  Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletinit.py, line 357, in getattr     importimportname   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletimageinit.py, line 145, in ltmodulegt     from pyglet.gl import    File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglinit.py, line 236, in ltmodulegt     import pyglet.window   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletwindowinit.py, line 1816, in ltmodulegt     gl.createshadowwindow   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglinit.py, line 205, in createshadowwindow     shadowwindow  Windowwidth1, height1, visibleFalse   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletwindowxlibinit.py, line 166, in init     superXlibWindow, self.initargs, kwargs   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletwindowinit.py, line 515, in init     context  config.createcontextgl.currentcontext   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglxlib.py, line 186, in createcontext     return XlibContextARBself, share   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglxlib.py, line 300, in init     superXlibContext13, self.initconfig, share   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglxlib.py, line 203, in init     raise gl.ContextExceptionCould not create GL context  pyglet.gl.ContextException Could not create GL context codepre  porp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletinit.py, line 351, in getattr     return getattrself.module, name AttributeError NoneType object has no attribute load  During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred  Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletinit.py, line 357, in getattr     importimportname   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletimageinit.py, line 145, in ltmodulegt     from pyglet.gl import    File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglinit.py, line 101, in ltmodulegt     from pyglet.gl import glinfo ImportError cannot import name glinfo codepre  pIm not sure why it alternates between these two.p  pIn addition,p  precodepyglet.window.Window codepre  palso throws the exceptionp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletwindowxlibinit.py, line 166, in init     superXlibWindow, self.initargs, kwargs   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletwindowinit.py, line 515, in init     context  config.createcontextgl.currentcontext   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglxlib.py, line 186, in createcontext     return XlibContextARBself, share   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglxlib.py, line 300, in init     superXlibContext13, self.initconfig, share   File usrlibpython3.4sitepackagespygletglxlib.py, line 203, in init     raise gl.ContextExceptionCould not create GL context  pyglet.gl.ContextException Could not create GL context codepre  pwhen run from the shell. Sometimes it runs when run from a file itll run, fail on subsequent runs, and then eventually work for another run, and if I remember correctly it runs without issue from a Python program frozen with cxFreeze.p  pI havent managed to find anything newer than a couple years old on Google. I dont know much about OpenGL at present I use pyglet because of how it simplifies building apps.p  pIm running 64bit Manjaro Linux with XFCE, an AMD CPU, and an AMD integrated graphics card with the closed Catalyst drivers. I have Python 3.4.2 and pyglet 1.2.0.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 42922 pI have a button link which Im using the onClick event to play a sound the correct answer to a quiz question. I then want to add a delay so the sound has enough time to play out before the link function loads the next page in. Ive tried using the set time out function, but I cant get it to work. Is this the best way to do thisp  precodeHEAD ltscriptgt correct.clickfunction  var url  question2.html 5000 is the number of milliseconds or 5 seconds that you want to wait before redirection. var delay  5000 setTimeoutfunction  window.location.href  url , delay  ltscriptgt  BODY  ltbutton onclickdocument.getElementByIdanswer1.play idcorrectgtA Reduce  make less waste in the first placeltbuttongt codepre
Negative 42922 pTypically I would break down this down into multiple questions, but due to the wacky nature of this I am grouping them to gather to ensure that the different parts will work together.p  pI am trying to create a shimmering gold effect layer that animates a CAGradientLayer based on accelerometer input sketch 1, and then creating a subclass of UILabel that masks this shimmering layer sketch 2. The goal is when the user rolls the device in their hands, it will appear as if the labels belonging to this class are shimmering like gold. p  pIts important that the labels mask one common gradient view so that they have a uniform glimmer effect. Animating individual labels with separate gradient backgrounds is not desirable. In addition to containing the shimmering UILabels, the masking UIView will also contain other controls and views that need to behave normally.p  pHow can this be donep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comzJusq.jpg altsketch 1 img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNI3Vc.jpg altsketch 2p
Negative 42922 pI am using Magento CE 1.8.x and have the issue below Magento change normally the status and state by paypal payments to pending payment and then to processing if Magento create invoice or shipping.p  p When you place on order using cashcheck the magento will put the order in a New state if using credit card that automatically authorize and capture then it will set to processingp  pwhen you invoice the order magento will change the state to processing.p  pThis is the bottleneck in the same time Magento create the invoice or the shipping I must ship the items. Based on EU regulatory Its my opinion in any cases to change the goods or cancell the order or send back money or what ever if anything went wrong.p  pHere is my problem We have disabled the autoinvoice in Magento Backend. Customers pay by Paypal. Magento put the status on Pending Payment  with the issue the customer dont see the order.p  pAnyone an idea to change the state from pending payment to new or processing Maybe in the core codep  pThxp
Negative 42922 pI am having a problem with array while using it in select statement that array contains the following strings Array      [0]  M.A.JINNA     [1]  K.DHANA RAJU     [2]  B.EPHRIM  array data had came from the following data p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltDOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN  httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4loose.dtdgt lthtmlgt ltstylegt table border  1px solid black  tr border  1px solid black  td border  1px solid black  ltstyle  ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivXUACompatible contentIEEmulateIE8gt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetISO88591gt lttitlegtUpdate Deployementlttitlegt  ltstyle typetextcssgt body     backgroundcolor 00FF00    backgroundimage urlimagesgailindia.jpg    color 000000    scrollbarfacecolor 0B0B0B    scrollbararrowcolor C8C8C8    scrollbar3dlightcolor 0B0B0B    scrollbardarkshadowcolor 000000    scrollbarhighlightcolor 141414    scrollbarshadowcolor 060606    scrollbartrackcolor 0B0B0B  ltstylegt ltheadgt   ltbodygt ltform methodpost actioneditdata.phpgt ltdiv idwbImage3 stylemargin0padding0positionabsoluteleft7pxtop4pxwidth208pxheight129pxtextalignleftzindex0gt ltimg srcimagesimagethumb3.png idImage2 alt border0 stylewidth208pxheight129pxgtltdivgt  ltphp con  mysqlconnectlocalhost,root,  if con    dieCould not connect  . mysqlerror  mysqlselectdbgail, con installation1  trimPOST[installation] area1  trimPOST[area] district1  trimPOST[district]  ifemptyarea1 AND emptydistrict1  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE installation  . installation1 .    else ifemptyinstallation1 AND emptydistrict1  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE area  . area1 .    else ifemptyinstallation1 AND emptyarea1  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE district  . district1 .    else ifemptydistrict1  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE installation  . installation1 .  AND area  . area1 .    else ifemptyarea1  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE installation  . installation1 .  AND district  . district1 .     else ifemptyinstallation1  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE area  . area1 .  AND district  . district1 .    else  sql  SELECT  FROM deployment WHERE installation  . installation1 .  AND area  . area1 .  AND district  . district1 .   result  mysqlquerysql  echo lttable idtable1 width  500 align  center style border1pxgt echo lttrgtltbgt echo lttdgtInstallationlttdgt  echo lttdgtArealttdgt  echo lttdgtDistrictlttdgt  echo lttdgtEmployee Namelttdgt                                  echo lttdgtReferencelttdgt  echo ltbgtlttrgt employee  array  whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult  echo lttrgt echo lttdgtrow[installation]lttdgt                  echo lttdgtrow[area]lttdgt                  echo lttdgtrow[district]lttdgt                 echo lttdgtrow[employeename]lttdgt                 echo lttdgtrow[ref]lttdgt echolttrgt employee[]  row[employeename] arrlength  countemployee    echolttablegt echo ltpregt printrarrayfilteremployee echo ltpregt gt ltbodygt lthtmlgtcodepre div div p  pnow I am getting error like this You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near M.A.JINNA,K.DHANA RAJU,B.EPHRIM at line 1 please give me any suggestions, thanks in advance strongemNOTE I cannot use employee id instead of employee name due to client requestemstrongp  pthe code is p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodelt emp  implode ,, employee  echo ltpregt printremp echo ltpregt  sql  SELECT  FROM securitystaffdetails WHERE employeename IN  . emp .  result  mysqlquerysql or diemysqlerror   echo lttable idtable1 width1500 style border1pxgt echo lttrgtltbgt echo lttdgtEmployee Namelttdgt  echo lttdgtAddresslttdgt  echo lttdgtDOBlttdgt  echo lttdgtAgelttdgt                                  echo lttdgtSExlttdgt  echo lttdgtMobile Numberlttdgt  echo lttdgtBlood Grouplttdgt  echo lttdgtID Cardlttdgt  echo lttdgtEx Army Idcardlttdgt  echo lttdgtPolice Clearencelttdgt  echo lttdgtESI Cardlttdgt  echo lttdgtPF Accountlttdgt  echo lttdgtPAN Cardlttdgt  echo lttdgtVoter IDlttdgt  echo lttdgtRationFamilylttdgt  echo ltbgtlttrgt employee  array  whilerecord  mysqlfetchobjectresult  echo lttrgt echo lttdgtrecord[employeename]lttdgt                  echo lttdgtrecord[address]lttdgt                  echo lttdgtrecord[dob]lttdgt                 echo lttdgtrecord[age]lttdgt                 echo lttdgtrecord[sex]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[mobn]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[bg]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[icard]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[exarmycard]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[policeclearence]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[esicard]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[pfa]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[pancard]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[acard]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[vcard]lttdgt echo lttdgtrecord[rcard]lttdgt echolttrgt     echolttablegt  gt codepre div div p
Negative 42922 pI recently upgrade from eclipse Juno to Luna on my Windows 7 box and am having problems with my aspectj compile. Im getting this errorp  precode[ERROR] Failed to execute goal org.codehaus.mojoaspectjmavenplugin1.7compile default on project RSADirectoryUtilities Execution default of goal org.codehaus.mojoaspectjmavenplugin1.7compile failed A required class was missing while executing org.codehaus.mojoaspectjmavenplugin1.7compile orgaspectjbridgeIMessageHolder [ERROR]  [ERROR] realm     plugingtorg.codehaus.mojoaspectjmavenplugin1.7 [ERROR] strategy  org.codehaus.plexus.classworlds.strategy.SelfFirstStrategy [ERROR] urls[0]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgcodehausmojoaspectjmavenplugin1.7aspectjmavenplugin1.7.jar [ERROR] urls[1]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgcodehausplexusplexusutils3.0.10plexusutils3.0.10.jar [ERROR] urls[2]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorybackportutilconcurrentbackportutilconcurrent3.1backportutilconcurrent3.1.jar [ERROR] urls[3]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgcodehausplexusplexusinterpolation1.11plexusinterpolation1.11.jar [ERROR] urls[4]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavenreportingmavenreportingapi2.2.1mavenreportingapi2.2.1.jar [ERROR] urls[5]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxiasinkapi1.1doxiasinkapi1.1.jar [ERROR] urls[6]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxialoggingapi1.1doxialoggingapi1.1.jar [ERROR] urls[7]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxiasiterenderer1.1.2doxiasiterenderer1.1.2.jar [ERROR] urls[8]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxiacore1.1.2doxiacore1.1.2.jar [ERROR] urls[9]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryxercesxercesImpl2.8.1xercesImpl2.8.1.jar [ERROR] urls[10]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonslangcommonslang2.4commonslang2.4.jar [ERROR] urls[11]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonshttpclientcommonshttpclient3.1commonshttpclient3.1.jar [ERROR] urls[12]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonscodeccommonscodec1.2commonscodec1.2.jar [ERROR] urls[13]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxiadecorationmodel1.1.2doxiadecorationmodel1.1.2.jar [ERROR] urls[14]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxiamodulexhtml1.1.2doxiamodulexhtml1.1.2.jar [ERROR] urls[15]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavendoxiadoxiamodulefml1.1.2doxiamodulefml1.1.2.jar [ERROR] urls[16]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgcodehausplexusplexusi18n1.0beta7plexusi18n1.0beta7.jar [ERROR] urls[17]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgcodehausplexusplexusvelocity1.1.7plexusvelocity1.1.7.jar [ERROR] urls[18]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachevelocityvelocity1.5velocity1.5.jar [ERROR] urls[19]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorooro2.0.8oro2.0.8.jar [ERROR] urls[20]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonscollectionscommonscollections3.2commonscollections3.2.jar [ERROR] urls[21]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgapachemavenreportingmavenreportingimpl2.1mavenreportingimpl2.1.jar [ERROR] urls[22]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonsvalidatorcommonsvalidator1.2.0commonsvalidator1.2.0.jar [ERROR] urls[23]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonsbeanutilscommonsbeanutils1.7.0commonsbeanutils1.7.0.jar [ERROR] urls[24]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonsdigestercommonsdigester1.6commonsdigester1.6.jar [ERROR] urls[25]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositorycommonsloggingcommonslogging1.0.4commonslogging1.0.4.jar [ERROR] urls[26]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryxmlapisxmlapis1.0.b2xmlapis1.0.b2.jar [ERROR] urls[27]  fileCUsersDJC.m2repositoryorgaspectjaspectjtools1.8.2aspectjtools1.8.2.jar [ERROR] urls[28]  fileCProgram20FilesJavajdk1.8.031jre..libtools.jar [ERROR] Number of foreign imports 1 [ERROR] import Entry[import  from realm ClassRealm[maven.api, parent null]] [ERROR]  [ERROR]  org.aspectj.bridge.IMessageHolder codepre  pMy pom looks like thisp  precode ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.aspectjltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtaspectjweaverltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.7.3ltversiongt   ltdependencygt   ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.aspectjltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtaspectjrtltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.7.3ltversiongt   ltdependencygt codepre  p.....p  precode    ltplugingt         ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtaspectjmavenpluginltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.7ltversiongt         ltexecutionsgt             ltexecutiongt                 ltphasegtprocesssourcesltphasegt                 ltgoalsgt                     lt use this goal to weave all your main classes gt                     ltgoalgtcompileltgoalgt                 ltgoalsgt             ltexecutiongt         ltexecutionsgt         ltconfigurationgt                              ltcomplianceLevelgt1.8ltcomplianceLevelgt             lttargetgt1.8lttargetgt             ltsourcegt1.6ltsourcegt             ltverbosegttrueltverbosegt         ltconfigurationgt     ltplugingt codepre  pA few interesting things to note. This works fine when I run mvn package outside of eclipse on a linux box. I have 2 coworkers and they both are able to maven package within eclipse they both recently upgraded too. The only difference is that they went through the upgrade path in Juno and I simply did a fresh install and pointed Luna and my workspace which it upgraded. I went through plugin by plugin to try to find the difference between their installation and mine and that didnt fix this issue. Im running out of ideas.p  pThis a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9114065aspectjcompilationwithmaventhrowsjavalangnoclassdeffounderrororgaspectsolutiona seems outdated to me and doesnt work.p  pRunning mvn dependencytree yields p  precode[INFO] Building xxxDirectoryUtilities 0.0.1SNAPSHOT [INFO]  [INFO]  [INFO]  mavendependencyplugin2.3tree defaultcli  xxxDirectoryUtilities  [INFO] xxxDirectoryUtilitiesjar0.0.1SNAPSHOT [INFO]  junitjunitjar4.4test [INFO]  commonsloggingcommonsloggingjar1.1.3compile [INFO]  org.springframeworkspringcontextjar2.5.6compile [INFO]    aopallianceaopalliancejar1.0compile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringcorejar2.5.6compile [INFO]  org.springframeworkspringtxjar2.5.6compile [INFO]  org.springframeworkspringbeansjar2.5.6compile [INFO]  org.springframework.ldapspringldapcorejar1.3.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    commonslangcommonslangjar2.1compile [INFO]  org.aspectjaspectjweaverjar1.7.3compile [INFO]  org.aspectjaspectjrtjar1.7.3compile [INFO]  xxxLoggingUtilitiesjar0.0.1SNAPSHOTcompile [INFO]    log4jlog4jjar1.2.17compile [INFO]  xxxCryptographyUtilsjar0.0.1SNAPSHOTcompile [INFO]    org.jasyptjasyptspring2jar1.9.1compile [INFO]       org.jasyptjasyptjar1.9.1compile [INFO]  xxxUnifiedSpringResourceFilesjar0.0.1SNAPSHOTcompile [INFO]     org.springframeworkspringjar2.5.6compile codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to generate token , to use it as sign in auth, so I want to assure that the token algorithm is cryptographically strong p  pI am using this block of code to to achieve that p  precodecryptostrong  false whilecryptostrong  false openssl opensslrandompseudobytes128,cryptostrong token  bin2hexopenssl codepre  pis that correct p
Negative 42922 pIm managing a Facebook page in which Im also analyzing its insights. We own the page and every post on the page feedpage doesnt allow other users to post. Im doing an analysis on all of the posts that weve every created.  Ive been using pageposts edge to get the post ids but found out that it only returns a subset of the data. Then I tried pagelinks and pagevideos because these are the post types Im mostly interested in. The video edge works great it gave me all of the videos ids from the page. However, pagelinks only returned 2 months worth of link ids.  Here is a sample GET Im using Im trying to get the post ids from 102014 to 122014p  precodehttpsgraph.facebook.comv2.2actualpageidlinksfieldsid,createdtimeampsince1414175236ampuntil1419445636ampaccesstoken[Theactualaccesstoken] codepre  pBut I get an empty result stringp  precodedata [] codepre  pAnd when I set the date with in the 2 months frame I can get proper response. p  pMy question is Is there a way to get ALL of the Facebook page posts ids that we have created Ive tried to set limits and paging but none have worked. Thank you very much for your help.p
Negative 42922 pIve been a couple of days working with Bootstrap and Ive look around similar questions, but I cant find how to do this. p  pI have a main file that contains bootstrap and a couple of plugins. I have a secondary file that contains bootstrap and a couple of plugins too. Both works separately.p  pIm trying to load the secondary file via ajax modal in main file. When I open the secondary file directly, or in new tab, as Ive said, all is working right. But if I try to load that file via an ajax modal, some of the plugins of the secondary file doesnt works and after closing it, some of the main page neither. My guess is that bootstrap modal is loading and executing bootstrap and plugins scripts from the secondary page again and messing with my code, but Im not sure about how to make it works properly.p  pSo any help will be apreciated, thanks.p
Negative 42922 pHave I got this wrongp  pThe new elements that html5 brought allowed us to use headers within sections, nav etc. Does this apply to H1 And if it is allowed  does it make bad SEO sensep  pThe reason I ask is that most, if not all, the SEO ranking tools out there, tell me to remove duplicate H1s from my code. Its a good few years since the introduction of these new elements so I would have though the major tools would be up to date with the structure.p  pAny advice appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI have over 5 million JSON objects stored in hundreds of text files that I am going to import into a Mongo Database. I created a windows batch file to iterate over the directories the files are stored in and import them using mongoimport. This works as expected, but one of the fields in the JSON object is a float value that was stored as a string for some reason.p  pIs there anyway to convert his field type while importing the data I have tried converting the field to a number afterwards, but it is extremely slow.p  precode     id 1234,     user user1,     ip 127.0.0.1,     time 111111111111  codepre
Negative 42922 pIf I store an array in a data attribute like codetest1.dataarraytest,[one,one,one,one,one]code or writen in the html like codeltdiv dataarraytest[one,one,one,one,one]gt ltdivgtcode when I call codetest1.dataarraytestcode I get back an array. p  pHowever, if I fill an array using a loop and then add the array into the html as it is being generated like shown below, I get back a string instead of an array. Ive commented out some other ways Ive tried too.p  pstrongHow can I have coderetrievedVal2code below returned s an arraystrong]p  pNote that in my actual use case the attributes will contain multidimensional arraysp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar retrievedVal1test1.dataarraytest  var myArray[] forvar i  0ilt5i     myArray.pushone   test2.appendltdiv idtest3 dataarraytestmyArraygtltdivgt  test2.appendltdiv idtest3 dataarraytestmyArraygtltdivgt test2.appendltdiv idtest3 dataarraytestmyArray.toStringgtltdivgt  var retrievedVal2test3.dataarraytest  var retrievedVal2JSON.parse test3.dataarraytest  gives Uncaught SyntaxError Unexpected token o   var testcodepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltdiv idtest1 dataarraytest[one,one,one,one,one]gtltdivgtltbrgtltbrgt ltdiv idtest2gtltdivgtcodepre div div p
Negative 42922 pwhen virtualbox Virtual Machines are reverted to snapshot time and date are being followed from snapshot time and date, but I want the present day date and time to be followed by Virtual Machines and I dont want to synchronize time with my hosts date and time. please guide me to a solution. I use Ubuntu 14.04 as a host and Ubuntu 14.04 virtual machines .Thank You in advance.p
Negative 42922 pI have a div class named navbar that I want to fadein when the page is scrolled 700px down. However, when the page width is less than 600px, I do not want it to show. Any ideasp  precodewindow.addEventListeneronresize,function   window.scrollfunction e   e.preventDefault   if this.scrollTop gt 700 amp window.innerWidth gt 600      .navbar.fadeIn      else      .navbar.fadeOut      codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to make a ViewPager containing only ImageView.p  pBut it keeps giving me errors on this line.p  precodeViewPagercollection.AddView i System.InvalidCastException Cannot cast from source type to destination type. codepre  pHere is my ViewPagerAdapterp  precodepublic class GalleryAdapter  PagerAdapter      Context context     private Listltstringgt mitems      public GalleryAdapter Context c, Listltstringgt items              context  c         mitems  items           public override int Count  get  return mitems.Count        public override Java.Lang.Object InstantiateItem View collection, int position              ImageView i  new ImageView context          i.LayoutParameters  new Gallery.LayoutParams 150, 100         i.SetScaleType ImageView.ScaleType.FitCenter          Picasso.With context.Load mitems [position].Into i         ViewPagercollection.AddView i         return i           public override bool IsViewFromObject View view, Java.Lang.Object object              return view  object       codepre  pI have no idea where to continue from this.p
Negative 42922 pWhat is the reason for add the SHA1 fingerprint in google api consolep
Negative 42922 pIm trying to write a board game playing program in C. I have 2 classes called codeMovecode and codeBoardcode. In my codeBoardcode constructor, I am using a codepairltchar, Movegtcode. It seems like it is not recognizing the class codeMovecode, even though I codeincludecode it in the header file. I get the error message missing , before identifier coord  and  coord  undeclared identifier. Here is my codep  pMove.hp  precodeinclude ltutilitygt include ltvectorgt  using namespace std  class Move     private         pairltint,intgt coordinates     public         Moveint,int  codepre  pMove.cppp  precodeinclude Move.h  MoveMoveint x, int y     coordinates.first  x     coordinates.second  y  codepre  pBoard.hp  precodeinclude Move.h  class Board     private         vectorltpairltchar, Movegt gt boardstate     public         Boardvectorltpairltchar, Movegt gt  codepre  pBoard.cppp  precodeinclude Board.h  BoardBoardvectorltpairltchar P, Move coordgt gt state      boardstate  state  codepre
Negative 42922 pHere is my codep  precode        Dim ImagePath  CUsersMiguelDesktopLogo.jpg         Dim Img  iTextSharp.text.Image.GetInstanceImagePath         Img.SetAbsolutePositiondoc.PageSize.Width  36.0F  100.0F,   doc.PageSize.Height  36.0F  99.0F         wri.DirectContent.AddImageImg codepre  pI want to put another image directly at the opposite side this one is on the right side, I want another photo on the left of it. But I cant seem to display it right. Any suggestions would be great. Thank youp
Negative 42922 pIm doing my first test with c and visual studio and I dont know why, I have a problem of  unresolved external symbol  when it doesnt happen in the program. p  blockquote   pError 97  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public static   class Session  cdecl SessionInstancevoid   InstanceSessionSAPAV1XZ    ...MyTestMessages.obj   MyTestp      pError 98  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public char    thiscall ConfiggetLanguagevoid getLanguageConfigQAEPADXZ ...MyTestMessages.obj   MyTestp      pError 99  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol class wxString   StringTranslate   StringTranslate3VwxStringA ...MyTestMessages.obj   MyTestp      pError 100 error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public void   thiscall SessionaddMSGclass stdsharedptr addMSGSessionQAEXVsharedptrVMessagestdZ...speechtranslationtoolsMyTestMessages.obj   MyTestp      pError 101 error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public char    thiscall ConfiggetNickvoid getNickConfigQAEPADXZ ...speechtranslationtoolsMyTestMessages.obj   MyTestp      pError 102 error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public char    thiscall ConfiggetServerAddressvoid getServerAddressConfigQAEPADXZ   ... MyTestMessages.obj   MyTest   Error 103 error LNK1120 6 unresolved externalsp blockquote  ptest filep  precodeinclude stdafx.h include CppUnitTest.h  include ltwxwx.hgt include ltwxstattext.hgt  include dataSession.h  include libClientTS.cpp using namespace MicrosoftVisualStudioCppUnitTestFramework  namespace MessageTXT          TESTCLASSUnitTest1           public         TESTMETHODTESTMESSAGESEND                      ClientTS clientts  new ClientTS             wxString sr  enviarmensaje             clienttsgtsendMessageampsr             clienttsgtdisconnect                 codepre  pClientts.hp  precodepragma once  ifdef BORLANDC pragma hdrstop endif  ifndef WXPRECOMP include ltwxwx.hgt include ltwxframe.hgt else include ltwxwxprec.hgt endif  include ..dataSession.h include ..dataMessage.h include ..dataConfig.h  include EventType.h   include ltwxsizer.hgt include ltwxwx.hgt include ltwxtimer.hgt include ltwxstattext.hgt include ltwxrichtextrichtextctrl.hgt include ltwxtextctrl.hgt include ltwxbutton.hgt include ltwxgrid.hgt include ..guiNationList.h include ..guiNationInfo.h  include ..ArchiveLog.h  include ..GlobalVariables.h include ..translateControllertranslateController.h include ..translateControllertranslateVariable.h  include ltlistgt include ltfunctionalgt   define MENUESCI 1800 define MENUOPZIONI 1801 define MENUSPEECH 1802   typedef stdfunctionltvoidgt cbClientTsFrm   class ClientTS   public     static Session session     static ConfigPTR config     static bool flagSave     static char LANGMSGSRC[500]     static char MSGSRC[500]     static cbClientTsFrm notifyMSGcb     static ISoundEngine engine              Audio Engine to record sound     static IAudioRecorder recorder            Flow of audio daa     static uint64 scHandlerID      static char identity[IDENTITYBUFSIZE]       Create struct for callback function pointers      static struct ClientUIFunctions funcs public     ClientTS         session  SessionInstance         config  sessiongtgetConfig           virtual ClientTS      static void sendMessagewxString msgToSend      static void disconnect     static char getLANGMSGSRC return LANGMSGSRC       static char getMSGSRC return MSGSRC      static IAudioRecorder getIAudioRecorder return recorder       static bool getFlagSave return flagSave       static void setFlagSavebool flg flagSave  flg      template lttypename Observergt     static void setCBClientTSMSGObserver ampamp fn notifyMSGcb  stdforwardltObservergtfn       static void speakchar LANG, charMSG     static void Printcharword     static sizet readcallbackstatic void ptr, sizet size, sizet nmemb, static void userp     static void writeWaveFileconst char filename, SAudioStreamFormat format, static void data     static void SetupColorCOLORE c     static void onConnectStatusChangeEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, int newStatus, unsigned int errorNumber     static void onNewChannelEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, uint64 channelID, uint64 channelParentID     static void onNewChannelCreatedEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, uint64 channelID, uint64 channelParentID, anyID invokerID, const char invokerName, const char invokerUniqueIdentifier     static void onDelChannelEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, uint64 channelID, anyID invokerID, const char invokerName, const char invokerUniqueIdentifier     static void onClientMoveEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, anyID clientID, uint64 oldChannelID, uint64 newChannelID, int visibility, const char moveMessage     static void onClientMoveSubscriptionEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, anyID clientID, uint64 oldChannelID, uint64 newChannelID, int visibility     static void onClientMoveTimeoutEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, anyID clientID, uint64 oldChannelID, uint64 newChannelID, int visibility, const char timeoutMessage     static void onTalkStatusChangeEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, int status, int isReceivedWhisper, anyID clientID     static void onIgnoredWhisperEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, anyID clientID     static void onServerErrorEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, const char errorMessage, unsigned int error, const char returnCode, const char extraMessage     static void onUserLoggingMessageEventconst char logMessage, int logLevel, const char logChannel, uint64 logID, const char logTime, const char completeLogString     static void onCustomPacketEncryptEventchar dataToSend, unsigned int sizeOfData     static void onCustomPacketDecryptEventchar dataReceived, unsigned int dataReceivedSize     static void onEditMixedPlaybackVoiceDataEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, short samples, int sampleCount, int channels, const unsigned int channelSpeakerArray, unsigned int channelFillMask     static void showChannelsuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void showChannelClientsuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, uint64 channelID     static void onTextMessageEventuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, anyID targetMode, anyID toID, anyID fromID, const char fromName, const char fromUniqueIdentifier, const char message     static void showClientsuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void createChanneluint64 serverConnectionHandlerID, const char name     static void deleteChanneluint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void renameChanneluint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void switchChanneluint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void toggleVADuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void setVadLeveluint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void requestWhisperListuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void requestClearWhisperListuint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static void toggleRecordSounduint64 serverConnectionHandlerID     static int readIdentitychar identity     static int writeIdentityconst char identity     static uint64  enterChannelID     static void createDefaultChannelNamechar name     static void enterNamechar name      static void emptyInputBuffer      static DWORD WINAPI TTSTHREADLPVOID lpParameter     static DWORD WINAPI CTRLSTTLPVOID lpParameter     static DWORD WINAPI ClientStartLPVOID lpParameter     static DWORD WINAPI STTTHREADLPVOID lpParameter  codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a text box that needs to be made codereadonlycode I dont want to use codearraydisabled gt truecode because I need PHP to process the fieldp  precode Formtextlogintoken, WorkergenerateLoginToken  codepre  pHow do you add this attributep
Negative 42922 pI have a number of temporary files that I call deleteOnExit on. I also have a runnable that I register with addShutdownHook to run when System.exit is called. Is there any guarantee that the temporary files will still be available when my shutdown hook runsp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to create my own digital Spanish to English database by translating the entire Spanish corpus found in nltk 3.0 for python 3. I am using the Google toolkit to do the translating and its proving to be a very slow process.  i am wondering if there exists a Spanish to English dictionarypreferably in module form that i can import and use in python 3. Below is the code i have to do the translating manually. So far its taking around 12.5 minutes per 5000 translations. p  precodeimport goslate import nltk import pickle x  pickle.loadopen espcorpus.pickle, rb  gs  goslate.Goslate y  lenx y  y1 printy z  0 b  [] n  0 error  0 import pickle while z lt 192683     n  n  1     while 1 lt z lt 4481n         try             c  gs.translatex[z], en, es             wordnltk.wordtokenizec             c  nltk.postagword             b.appendc[0]             printz             z  1         except             continue             error  1     pickle.dumpb, openfilenames.pickle  n, wb     printn     b  []     printerrors i  error idealist  [] n  1 while nlt27     printn     target  filenames.pickle  n     with opentarget, rb as file         unpickler  pickle.Unpicklerfile         poop  unpickler.load         x  lenpoop         z  0         while zltx             idealist.appendpoop[z]             z z 1     n  n  1     printlenidealist     pickle.dumpidealist, openmaster.pickle, wb codepre  pHow i would want to have the final database setup [Spanish word, English word, English Part of Speech tag]p  pPlease let me know if I left anything out. p  pThank you ahead of time for your expertise. p
Negative 42922 pUsing the following code, I am attempting to convert three float values into a single NSData object, which I can then transmit over a serial port.p  precode    float kP  [[self.kPTextField stringValue] floatValue]     float kI  [[self.kITextField stringValue] floatValue]     float kD  [[self.kDTextField stringValue] floatValue]     float combined[]  kP, kI, kD      NSData dataPackage  [NSData dataWithBytesampcombined lengthsizeofcombined]      [self.serialPort sendDatadataPackage] codepre  pThe problem is that it doesnt seem to work very well. Whenever I use the sizeof C function, it tells me that the dataPackage is only 8 bytes, even though 3 float values should total 12 bytes. I am receiving the data with an Arduino. It sees the bytes coming in, but they arent legible at all. I dont think its a problem on the Arduino side of things but who knows.p  pAny help would be appreciated Im not a CS major, just a bio major, and Ive never learned this stuff in a formal way so I am sorry if my question is ridiculous. Ive spent several hours searching the net about this problem and havent found anything that helped. p  pEDIT It turns out this code was completely correct. I made a simple mistake on the arduino side of things by using a struct instead of a union to take the bytes and convert them back into floats. p  pFor others who may be in a similar predicament, a successful way to convert floats from bytes coming out of the serial port is the followingp  pat top of implementation filep  precodeunion    float pidVals[3]   byte bytes[12]  pidUnion codepre  pinside loopp  precodeif Serial.available gt 11     for int i  0 i lt 12 i      pidUnion.bytes[i]  Serial.read       Now, you can get access to all three floats of data using pidUnion.pidVals[0], pidUnion.pidVals[1], etc. codepre  pThis probably isnt the best or most reliable way to transmit data. There is no errorcorrecting mechanism or packet structure. But it does work in a pinch. I imagine you would probably want to find a way to create a packet of data along with a hash byte to make sure all of the data is correct on the other side, this code doesnt have any of that though.p
Negative 42922 pI am working on MVC application and I have jQuery plugin, calculating width and height of page and I am calling this from document.ready function. I am getting following errorp  precodeReferenceError getPreventDefault is not defined MyCustomScript1115 Use of getPreventDefault is deprecated.  Use defaultPrevented instead. jquery1.10.2.js53890 no element found codepre  h2my pluginh2  precodefunction   .fn.adjustOuterStripLayout  function        alertstrip      window.bindload resize, function            var viewportheight  window.height          var viewportwidth  window.width          var webPagecontainerWidth  .container.width          alertviewportwidth    viewportwidth  container   webPagecontainerWidth         jQuery codepre  h2main functionh2  precodedocument.readyfunction      alerthello   this.adjustOuterStripLayout  codepre  psometime it alert and sometime it not. I have also clear browser cashed and testing this on firefox and jquery version 1.10.2p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to create a car rental site, I lived a problem when the client reserve a car,  the car must be removed from the window of available cars after reservation, I have a table cars and table locations, what I want is when the client rent a car, the car must be removed from the list of cars for rent, here are the pages  viewcarsindex.ctp, viewcarsview.ctp, LocationsController.php, CarsController.phpp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeviewcarsindex.ctp    ltdiv classrowgt  ltphp foreach cars as cargt   ltdiv classcolsm6 colmd4gt ltdiv classgt ltphp echo thisgtHtmlgtlinkthisgtHtmlgtimagecar[Car][avatar], arrayactiongtview,car[Car][id], arrayescapegtfalse,classgtthumbnailgt ltdiv classcaptiongt lth5gt ltphp echo car[Car][title]gt lth5gt lth5gt  Price  ltphp echo car[Car][price]gt lth5gt                 lth5gtltphp echo thisgtHtmlgtlinkRent a Car, arraycontrollergtcars,action gt view, car[Car][id] gtlth5gt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltphp endforeachgt         and the viewcars.view.ctp       ltdiv classcars viewgt lth2gtltphp echo Car gtlth2gt     ltdlgt ltdtgtltphp echo Id gtltdtgt ltddgt ltphp echo hcar[Car][id] gt ltddgt       ltdtgtltphp echo Picture gtltdtgt ltddgt ltphp echo hcar[Car][picture] gt ltddgt ltdtgtltphp echo Price gtltdtgt ltddgt ltphp echo hcar[Car][price] gt ltddgt  ltdlgt     ltdivgt     ltphp   echo thisgtHtmlgtimagecars.car[Car][id]..jpg, array     alt gt Cars,     url gt arraycontroller gt locations, action gt add, car[Car][id]    gt      and the CarsController           ltphp AppusesAppController, Controller   class CarsController extends AppController     public components  arrayPaginator, Session  public helpers  arrayJs, GoogleMap     public function viewid  null if thisgtCargtexistsid  throw new NotFoundExceptionInvalid car   options  arrayconditions gt arrayCar. . thisgtCargtprimaryKey gt id thisgtsetcar, thisgtCargtfindfirst, options      public function index  thisgtsetcars, thisgtCargtfindall      and the LocationsController   ltphp AppusesAppController, Controller  class LocationsController extends AppController     public components  arrayPaginator, Session public helpers  array Js, GoogleMap   public function index  thisgtLocationgtrecursive  0 thisgtsetlocations, thisgtPaginatorgtpaginate    public function viewid  null  if thisgtLocationgtexistsid  throw new NotFoundExceptionInvalid location  options  arrayconditions gt arrayLocation. . thisgtLocationgtprimaryKey gt id thisgtsetlocation, thisgtLocationgtfindfirst, options    public function addcarid  if thisgtrequestgtispost  thisgtLocationgtcreate if thisgtLocationgtsavethisgtrequestgtdata  thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThe location has been saved. return thisgtredirectarrayaction gt index  else  thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThe location could not be saved. Please, try again.    users  thisgtLocationgtUsergtfindlist agencies  thisgtLocationgtAgencygtfindlist cars  thisgtLocationgtCargtfindlist thisgtsetcompactagencies thisgtsetcarid, carid             public function editid  null  if thisgtLocationgtexistsid  throw new NotFoundExceptionInvalid location  if thisgtrequestgtisarraypost, put  if thisgtLocationgtsavethisgtrequestgtdata  thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThe location has been saved. return thisgtredirectarrayaction gt index  else  thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThe location could not be saved. Please, try again.   else  options  arrayconditions gt arrayLocation. . thisgtLocationgtprimaryKey gt id thisgtrequestgtdata  thisgtLocationgtfindfirst, options  users  thisgtLocationgtUsergtfindlist agencies  thisgtLocationgtAgencygtfindlist cars  thisgtLocationgtCargtfindlist thisgtsetcompactusers, agencies, cars    public function deleteid  null  thisgtLocationgtid  id if thisgtLocationgtexists  throw new NotFoundExceptionInvalid location  thisgtrequestgtallowMethodpost, delete if thisgtLocationgtdelete  thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThe location has been deleted.  else  thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThe location could not be deleted. Please, try again.  return thisgtredirectarrayaction gt index  codepre div div p
Negative 42922 pConsider to following 1 line programp  precodepublic static void mainString[] args throws Exception       134217728  2 bytes  1024  1024  256M     char[] array  new char[134217728]   codepre  pHow much memory does the JVM need to allocate this 256M character arrayp  pTurns out the answer is Xmx384m.  Now lets try 512M character array...p  precode 268435456  2 bytes  1024  1024  512M char[] array  new char[268435456]  codepre  pThe answer appears to be Xmx769m.p  pIn running though a few examples for a character array of size m.  The jvm needs at minimum 1.5m megabytes of memory to allocate the array.  This seems like a lot, can anyone explain what is happening herep
Negative 42922 pI would like to turn a URL directory into a parameter. How can this be donep  pFor Examplep  precodemyurl.comdirectory1param2test1 myurl.comdirectory2param2test2 myurl.comdirectory3param2test3 codepre  pto reflect this p  precodemyurl.comindex.phpparam1directory1ampparam2test1 myurl.comindex.phpparam1directory2ampparam2test2 myurl.comindex.phpparam1directory3ampparam2test3 codepre  phtaccess solution would be great. Thanksp
Negative 42922 pI have a spreadsheet laid out as follows, with two formulasp  precode      A     B     C         D    1  164F   1  164F   formula 1     2  1638   4  1638   formula 2     codepre  pI want the formula 1 to look at the value in the column C and return the value from the right column referent to the value seen, like if the value of column C is 164F, it will search the row for the left and return the value in column B 1, value which is at the right of the value looked. Im working on a table for referencing. I have provided an example a hrefhttpwww.excelforum.comnewthread.phpdopostthreadampf8 relnofollowon this Excel foruma.p
Negative 42922 pIn a SSAS project, I have the following tablesbrp  ul licodeEntityGroupTypecode which defines different types of groupsli licodeEntityGroupcode which defines groups of one of the above typeli ul  pA single codeEntitycode can be associated with one or more groups. The membership is defined in a table called codeEntityGroupMembershipcode.p  pI also defined a dimension called codeEntity Groupcode with a single hierarchy codeEntity Group Type gt Entity Groupcode.p  pFor a specific SSRS report, I would like to group the entities in two levels first, by groups of type 1, then by groups of type 2. Something like thatp  pre SELECT     [Measures].[Entity Count] ON AXIS0,              [Entity Group].[All Entity Groups].[1].Children           [Entity Group].[All Entity Groups].[2].Children      ON AXIS1 FROM [Cube1] pre  pIf  I try to do so, I get the following errorp  blockquote   pThe All Entity Groups hierarchy is used more than once in the Crossjoin functionp blockquote  pI understand the logic of this error, but how could I achieve my goal neverthelessp  hr  pstrongEDITstrong Im trying to clarify the scenario and what I would like to achieve.p  pcodeEntityGroupTypecode defines strongtypesstrong of groups which are like categoriesp  pre GroupTypeID GroupTypeDesc   1           Groups based on Color 2           Groups based on Shape pre  pcodeEntityGroupcode defines the strongacutal groupsstrongp  pre GroupID     GroupTypeID GroupName    1           1           Red 2           1           Blue 3           1           Yellow 4           2           Circle 5           2           Rectangle 6           2           Triangle pre  pcodeEntityGroupMembershipcode defines zeromore associations of an entity with a groupp  pre EntityID    GroupID     EntityDesc    1           2           Red circle 1           4           Red circle 2           3           Yellow rectangle 2           5           Yellow rectangle 3           3           Yellow circle 3           4           Yellow circle pre  pMy dimension codeEntity Groupcode has a single hierarchybr img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCPWI1.png altEntity Group Hierarchyp  pSince a single entity can be a member of multiple groups, I would first like to measure based on a single type of groups, then, to measure based on the second type of groups within. This would be like crossjoining [All groups of type 1]  [All groups of type 2]. The output would be something like thisp  pre                 Entity Count    Circle    All    3 Circle    Red    0 Circle    Blue   1 Circle    Yellow 2 Rectangle All    5 Rectangle Red    5 Rectangle Blue   0 Rectangle Yellow 0 Triangle  All    2 Triangle  Red    1 Triangle  Blue   1 Triangle  Yellow 0 pre  pPlease note that the attribute codeEntity Groupcode appears twice, which means that Im actually trying to crossjoin an attribute on itself thats why I mentioned that I understand the logic of the error.br If thats not possible to achieve using simply MDX, I would be more than happy to hear any suggesstion.p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pI am new to Crystal Reports and have been trying to figure this out for a while. I am running Crystal Reports XI. Please Help. p  precodeThe data  john respMonitor    5  abe  case mgmt      4     Cy   test1          4  Claire respMonitor  5  Moe   test3         2   Bob   case mgmt     8  Lynn  respMonitor   4   Rick  test2         33  Ray   test1         31  Al    test1         24  etc.  codepre  pI want to create the following datap  precodegroup           cost  sumOfTests13      124.0  lt want a sum of tests only  respMonitor     5.0  caseMgmt        7.0  respMonitor     3  respMonitor     2  caseMgmt        4  etc. codepre  pSo I want to be able to only sum up the tests while leaving the other groups alone.p  precodeI created a sql expression field  testCM  SELECT sumPatient.cost From PatientTbl      Where PatientTbl.group test1 OR     PatientTbl.group test2 OR     PatientTbl.group test3    In my Record Selection I have  PatientTbl.group in [respMonitor,case mgmt, test1,test2,test3]  I also created a formula field  If PatientTbl.group in [test1, test2,test3] Then       testCM codepre  pShould there be an Elseblock in the formula field to print out the rest I dont see how to sum up only the costs for group test while leaving the other groups to still be printed out individually. Not sure where to go from here. p  pThanks, Johnp
Negative 42922 pI have a form that selects files from the server and then on change puts the filename and contents into text areas. This works fine if I have this in the base directory of evo where everything is kept as in evousersusername being where it pulls the files from However when I moved this page deeper into the folder it has trouble parsing the files from the dropdown list. I had to add p  precodeSERVER[DOCUMENTROOT] codepre  pTo the file so it found the files to display in the dropdown correctly, however when it tries to put them into into the text area, it displaysp  precodeFailed to load resource the server responded with a status of 404 Not Found XHR finished loading GET httpmywebsite.sitehomerevopublichtmlevousersAddictionAddiction.html. codepre  pWhich means either my directory in how Im finding them is wrong or hopefully and likely how Im echoing it or using it in the function change at the bottom is. The textarea that isnt loading correctly is the CodeValue box that displays the files contents.p  precodeltselect size1 nameCodeList idCodeListgtltoption selected disabledgtSelect Your Codeltoptiongt ltphp directory  directory  SERVER[DOCUMENTROOT] . evo . users . SESSION[username] filesContents  Array files  scandir directory    foreach files as file   if   isdir file    filesContents[file]  filegetcontentsdirectory , file echo ltoption value. file .gt . file . ltoptiongt   gt ltselectgt             ltinput typehidden nameCodeId idCodeId value0 gt             ltinput typehidden nameCodeDescription size40 maxlength50 idCodeName value gt             ltfont color33A6A6gtCodeltfontgtampnbspltinput nameUSER value SIZE40 nameCodeValue idCodeValue gtampnbspampnbspampnbspltinput typehidden nameACTION valuesays togtltinput typehidden nameWHOTO valueALLgtltinput typesubmit valueEntergtltfont size1gtltfont color33A6A6gtEntranceampnbspltfontgtltinput nameSAYS valueEnters the room...gtltfont color33A6A6gtHistoryampnbspltfontgtltinput nameHISTORY value20 size2gtltfont size1gtltfont color33A6A6gtNo Picsampnbspltfontgtltinput nameNOPIC value1 typecheckbox checkedgtltformgt ltscriptgt document.readyfunction      apply a change event     CodeList.changefunction         update input box with the currently selected value         CodeName.valthis.val         .get lt echo directory gt    CodeName.val, function data             CodeValue .val data                ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 42922 pIn my app, theres a codevideoViewControllercode thats configured for portrait only.p  precode NSUIntegersupportedInterfaceOrientations      return UIInterfaceOrientationMaskPortrait    codepre  pThat is, when the user rotates the device from portrait to landscape, the live preview which is in the codevideoViewControllercode views hierarchy does not rotate with the device like the Apple Camera app.  When the codevideoViewControllercode to presents the codeUIAlertControllercode while the device in is landscape mode, the instance on the codeUIAlertControllercode is in portrait.  How can I assure the codeUIAlertControllercode is presented in accordance with the device orientation  Any input is appreciated.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqg4pS.png altenter image description herep  pAlso, if I use the codeUIAlertViewcode instead of the codeUIAlertControllercode, the instance of the codeUIAlertViewcode will rotate accordingly.  Because the codeUIAlertViewcode is deprecated in iOS 8.0, I dont want to use it.p
Negative 42922 pim having a little trouble with making a dynamic matrix of structs. With dynamic matrix, what i mean is not a fixed number of columns or lines. I have a fixed number of columns26 the letters of the alphabet but i want the number of lines to change in every column.p  pSo this is what ive done so far...p  precodestruct cliente     char nome[9]    struct cliente next   typedef struct cliente ClienteSing typedef ClienteSing Cliente[26]  Im allocating memory for the matrix. r is an array that tells me the number of lines for a column. void initArrayCliente Cliente a, int r    int i0    fori0ilt26i       a[i]ClienteSing calloc r[i],sizeofstruct cliente   Im implementing a hash, so in case of collision, i make a linked list from a position in the matrix. This function puts a client i want to insert, in the correct position in case of collision. void ultimoRamo ClienteSing a, ClienteSing b    ClienteSing temp    tempa    while tempgtnextNULL       temptempgtnext    tempgtnextb   I create a client b from a str that contains the client name. In case that the position in the matrix is set to nulldoesnt have cliente i insert b there. Otherwise, i will use the previous function to create a linked list from that position. indice is the position i want to insert in to. Its a value generated by my hash  void insereCliente a, char str, int indice     ClienteSing b    b ClienteSing malloc sizeofstruct cliente    strcpy bgtnome, str    bgtnextNULL     if a[str[0]A][indice]NULL           a[str[0]A][indice]b       printfLivren        else        ultimoRamoa[str[0]A][indice],b         printfColison      codepre  pI can compile this with no problems, it insert well and doesnt give me any segmentation fault... but when i print what i have in the matrix, it gives me garbage... If i print that same cell inside the insert function, it can print with no problems... Can you help me figure out what Im doing wrongp
Negative 42922 pOur project is in agile environment where requirements keep changing every sprint. The annoying part is the unit tests keep failing due to the requirement change. And now it takes longer to fix and maintain them.p  pDo you have any suggestions in general, what is the better approach for this situation Thanks in advance. p
Negative 42922 pI have codeCalendarcode Objectp  precodeCalendar cal  Calendar.getInstance int hh  cal.getCalendar.HOUR int mm  cal.getCalendar.MINUTE int ss  cal.getCalendar.SECOND codepre  pAnd to format timep  precodeSimpleDateFormat sdf  new SimpleDateFormathmms a, Locale.US codepre  pI want my codeTextViewcode to display count down time in codehhmmsscode formatp  precodeTime left 032512 Time left 032511 Time left 032510  Time left 032509 . . . so on and stop the countdown after 3 hours, 25 minutes and 8 seconds. codepre  pAfter times is lapsed the codeTextViewcode should display codeTime left 000000code.p
Negative 42922 pWhen defining my own custom codeipythoncodecodejupytercode kernels, is there a way to set a kernel specific default directory directly in the codekernel.jsoncode filep  precode  argv [ python2, m, IPython.kernel,           f, connectionfile],  displayname tmpkernel,  language python  codepre  pMy goal is to create a codekernelcode that per default creates its notebooks in my codetmpcode directory. At the moment I am starting codeipythoncode in multiple terminals, which is rather inconvenient.p
Negative 42922 pim creating parallax webpagep  pi want to make the clicked      p  precodeltli classactivegt codepre  pactive and make the others unactive. and i just dont know how to do it. im using twitter bootstrap for the navigationp  precodeltul classnav navbarnav navbarnavigt    ltli classactivegtlta hrefhome classscrollgtHomeltagtltligt    ltligtlta hrefabout classscrollgtAboutltagtltligt    ltligtlta href classscrollgtWorksltagtltligt    ltligtlta href classscrollgtServicesltagtltligt    ltligtlta href classscrollgtStatsltagtltligt    ltligtlta href classscrollgtTeamltagtltligt    ltligtlta href classscrollgtContactltagtltligt ltulgt codepre  pCSS p  precode.navbardefault .navbarnavgt.activegta, .navbardefault .navbarnavgt.activegtafocus, .navbardefault .navbarnavgt.activegtahover      color B38441    backgroundcolortransparent   codepre  pJs im using for the smooth scrollp  precode .scroll.clickfunctionevent      event.preventDefault      calculate destination place      var dest0      ifthis.hash.offset.top gt document.heightwindow.height           destdocument.heightwindow.height      else           destthis.hash.offset.top            go to destination      html,body.animatescrollTopdest, 1500,swing   codepre
Negative 42922 pIm having some trouble with a block of code Im trying to implement. My thought process was to have different users with different attributes in the userType which is an INT type column in my database and to have a switch case to take the result of the query and select which page to redirect to. The links for redirection havent been inserted yet as the login switch case isnt working. p  pHere is the code for my loginsuccess.phpp  precodeltphp sessionstart  Right at the top of your script gt  ltphp   obstart hostlocalhost  Host name  usernamegoogletest  Mysql username  passwordpassword  Mysql password  dbnamegoogletest  Database name  tblnameuser  Table name  mysqli  new mysqlihost, username, password, dbname    ifSESSION[myusername]true               sessionUsername  SESSION[myusername]         userType  SELECT userType FROM tblname WHERE usernamesessionUsername         result  mysqliquerymysqli, userType          switch result             case 1                 userType 1 is admin                 echo SESSION[myusername]                 echo , Login Successful. Welcome Admin.                 break             case 2                 userType 2 is business                 echo SESSION[myusername]                 echo , Login Successful. Welcome to your business page.                 break             case 3                 userType 3 is general user                 echo SESSION[myusername]                 echo , Login Successful. Welcome to the Fun Finder App.                 break             default                 echo SESSION[myusername]                 echo , it appears that your user type has not been defined yet.                 echo  Please contact support to resolve this issue.             elseifSESSION[myusername]false              echo oops......       echo lta hrefregister.htmlgtltspangtLoginRegisterltspangtltagtltligt          obendflush   gt codepre  pMy login script is working and passes the username and password through the database successfully via another php page. The result Im getting from this php file is that the switch case goes directly to the default case regardless of which login I use. Im assuming it is something to do with my query not returning the proper result as I tried to echo the result variable and got nothing. Php is not my strongest language so any help would be appreciated. Thanks in advancep
Negative 42922 pfor a customer I try to implement a Google Spreadsheet using tabletop.js and handlebars.jsp  pEverything works fine, except that somehow  handlebars or tabletop close the div tag with the class agency automatically and therefore making it impossible to create a wrapper at this certain point.p  pI need this ugly html because of the customer Spreadsheet formatting Every Agency has several Brands, But every Brands is in a new row, while the rest of the cells remains empty...ughp  pThis is the templatep  precode                ltscript idagenciesTemplate typetextxhandlebarstemplategt                  if Nameltdivgtltdiv classagencygtltbr gtltbr gtltbr gtltstronggtNameltstronggtltbr gtltbr gt                 if AdresszusatzdavorAdresszusatzdavorltbr gtif                 if AdresseAdresseltbr gtif                 if AdresszusatzdanachAdresszusatzdanachltbr gtif                 if PLZStadtPLZStadtltbr gtif                 if TelTelltbr gtif                 if Websitelta targetblank hrefhttpWebsitegtWebsiteltagtltbr gtltbr gtif                 Brandsltbr gt                  else                    ltbrgtBrands                  if  ltscriptgt codepre  pAnd this is where the handlebars and tabletop got executedp  precode      ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     var publicspreadsheeturl  xxxxxx sorry cant post the link to the document because of sensitive datas     document.ready function      Tabletop.init  key publicspreadsheeturl,                      callback showInfo,                      parseNumbers true         function showInfodata, tabletop      var source    agenciesTemplate.html     var template  Handlebars.compilesource      .each tabletop.sheetsagencies.all, functioni, agencies        var html  templateagencies       .agenciesList.appendhtml         ltscriptgt codepre  pI tried a lot of solutions Helper Function, HTML Escaping or writing the div tag into the spreadsheet are not working because the tag will be closed automatically anyway p  pHope I made the issue clear. Maybe someone stumbled on that problem before and found a solution for that.p  pThank you all very much in advancep
Negative 42922 pI use the Apache code snippet from a hrefhttpdetectmobilebrowsers.com relnofollowhttpdetectmobilebrowsers.coma to detect mobile visitors and direct them to m.mydomain.comp  pThe RewriteRule isp  precodeRewriteRule  httpm.mydomain.com [R,L] codepre  pThis works if the user visits mydomain.com on their phone but if they go to mydomain.comsomepage.php then they are not redirected.p  pIn case it is important at the start of the file isp  precodeRewriteEngine On RewriteBase  codepre  pHow can I redirect the user to the mobile version Example If the user visitsp  precodemydomain.comsomepage.phpvarvalue  codepre  pthey should be redirected to p  precodem.mydomain.comsomepage.phpvarvalue codepre  pThanks, Andrewp
Negative 42922 precode[TreeROOT, [TreeS, [TreeINTJ, [TreeUH, [Hello]], Tree,, [,], TreeNP, [TreePRP, [My], TreeNN, [name]], TreeVP, [TreeVBZ, [is], TreeADJP, [TreeJJ, [Melroy]]], Tree., [.]]], TreeROOT, [TreeSBARQ, [TreeWHNP, [TreeWP, [What]], TreeSQ, [TreeVBZ, [is], TreeNP, [TreePRP, [your], TreeNN, [name]]], Tree., []]]] codepre  pI have many of these strings available in Python, which are actually tree representations. I want to extract the parent and child node for every word, e.g. for codeHellocode I want codeINTJ, UHcode, and for codeMycode it is codeNP, PRPcode.p  pThis is the outcome I wantp  precodeINTJ, UH , NP, PRP, NP, NN , VP, VBZ , VP , VPZ , ADJP, JJ , WHNP, WP, SQ, VBZ, NP, PRP, NP, NN codepre  pHow can I do thatp
Negative 42922 pI am working on a project that detects offline human hand written signatures. I am using opencv version 2.4.10 and C as the programming language. I am stuck with a situation where in I want to draw a rectangular box bounding the signature. My output should be four coordinates that if used, CvRectangle function, I can draw it. I used bounded box method, but its giving me wrong output. its creating multiple bounded boxes for the same image. And that is because the signature is not continuous and its contours highly vary. I need a single rightangled rectangle that borders the signature. p
Negative 42922 precodedgvEmployeeTimeSheet.DataSource   OCommonFunctions.SelectDataspGPEmployeeTimeSheetDetailSelectForXLS, fromdate, dtpFromDate.Value.ToStringMMddyyyy, todate, dtpTODate.Value.ToStringMMddyyyy, companyid, cmbCompany.SelectedValue.ToString codepre  pdata from the above procedure is to be taken in to p  precodefor i  0 i lt ds.Tables[0].Rows.Count  1 i                    for j  0 j lt ds.Tables[0].Columns.Count  1 j                            data  ds.Tables[0].Rows[i].ItemArray[j].ToString                xlWorkSheet.Cells[i  1, j  1]  data                     codepre  phow do I do it p
Negative 42922 pLets say you have two divsp  precodeltdiv classdiv1gtltdivgt ltdiv classdiv2gtltdivgt codepre  pcodediv1code has relative positioning and codediv2code has absolute positioning. Can codediv2code be positioned as if it was inside codediv1code either using CSS or pure Javascriptp
Negative 42922 pIs there any chance to map property of a POCO object to a system column using codefirst This means that EF would not try to create the column by itself but rather count that it will already be there when codeSELECTcodeing data from that table.p  pSuppose, for instance, that I had an Oracle or Postgres database and I wanted use respectively the codeorarowscncode or the codexmincode system columns provided by the DBMS.p  pIt seems to me as if EF is bound down to the bone to be working only with SQL Server.p
Negative 42922 pI have developed small application which requires input to be configured in a strong.inistrong file.p  pIs there any light weight GUI application where user can easily configure the input in stronginistrong file.p  pmy ini file looks like this..p  precode    [DEFAULT]     inputglobal  100     Path  CTemp      [DATASECTION]     inputlocal  150     frequency  45 codepre  pThis is how should GUI tool look like Image created from strongmspaintstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBtxOA.jpg altini editor view graphicallyp  pThankyou ...p
Negative 42922 pI would like to set a Pan Gesture and assign it to a view, to make it moving only to the right and to the left according to the movement of the finger with a dynamic animation.  I dont know how to do that because Im beginning, thanks a lot p
Negative 42922 pWhen I implemented a time axis class overriding AxisItem class it is displaying an extra axis on the top of the window. How can I make that axis disappear You can see image of this issue on a hrefhttpsgroups.google.comforummsgpyqtgraphpSIn0xNGodAVsM93NJDZAJ relnofollowgoogle groupa.p  pOr here is the simple codep  precode from pyqtgraph.Qt import QtGui, QtCore  import pyqtgraph as pg  from PySide.QtCore import QTime  class TimeAxisItempg.AxisItem      def tickStringsself, values, scale, spacing          return [QTime.addMSecsvalue.toStringmmss for value    in values]  app  QtGui.QApplication[]  win  pg.GraphicsWindow  axis  TimeAxisItembottom  plot  win.addPlottitle  sdf,axisItemsbottomaxis  curve  plot.plot  QtGui.QApplication.instance.exec codepre  pId be very glad for your help. Regards,p
Negative 42922 pI want to run a line of code when app is terminating or exit.I can not do the code in onDestroy of launcher activity because Its finishes many times in application flow. p
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to autofill out a web form via VBScript.  I can fill out the form fine, but when my script fills it out vs when I manually fill it out produces a different reaction from the form.  The form is supposed to calculate BMI based on my entry and ENABLE the save button, however, it only does this if I enter this data manually.  I need to trigger whatever function is causing this check for entry.  The problem is, Im not finding any clues as to which function is doing this...p  pHere is the script I used to fill out the field p  precodeIE.Document.getElementsByTagNameinputtxtWeight.value  170 Do Until IE.ReadyState  4 WScript.sleep 15 Loop codepre  pHere are examples of the form and element in both states when weight filled out programmatically and manually.  Notice save button in element disabled and BMI not calculatedp  pstrongPROGRAMMATICALLYstrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwWhzV.jpg altdisabled img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQUMgj.jpg altelementdisabledp  pHere is an example with it manually filled out calculating BMI and save button enabled element not showing disabledp  pstrongMANUALLYstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comn7FEv.jpg altenabled img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4YSQJ.jpg altelementenabledp  pHere is complete HTML pastebin a hrefhttppastebin.com9iLJw8Dw relnofollowhttppastebin.com9iLJw8Dwap  pOr maybe I can force the firing of the save eventp  precodereturn VHM.BioM.btnStMeasurementsSaveonclick codepre  pI realize this may not be much to go on.  May be tough to get help on this since getting to this point on the site requires a login.  If this requires any info I didnt provide, let me know and Ill grab it.p
Negative 42922 pHere is a question following my issue a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions29431984putmethodinangularnoredirect1comment4703451829431984herea. p  pI have an HTML pagep  precodeltbody datangcontrollerusersControllergt lttable classtable tablestriped tablebordered tablehovergt             lttheadgt                 lttrgt                     ltthgtltthgt                     ltthgtIDltthgt                     ltthgtUsernameltthgt                     ltthgtEmailltthgt                     ltthgtRegistration Dateltthgt                     ltthgtActionltthgt                 lttrgt             lttheadgt             lttbodygt                 lttr datangrepeatuserData in users gt                     lttdgtltinput typecheckboxgtlttdgt                     lttdgt userData.id lttdgt                     lttdgt userData.username lttdgt                     lttdgt userData.email lttdgt                     lttdgt userData.registrationDate lttdgt                     lttdgt                          lt Button trigger for Action modal gt                         ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnprimary btnxs datatogglemodal datatargetactionModalindex datangclickCleargt                         ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconcoggtltspangt                         ltbuttongt                          lt Action Modal gt                         ltdiv classmodal fade idactionModalindex tabindex1 dataroledialoggt                           ltdiv classmodaldialoggt                             ltdiv classmodalcontentgt                                 ltform roleformgt                                     ltdiv classformgroupgt                                         ltdiv classmodalheadergt                                             ltbutton typebutton classclose datadismissmodal arialabelClosegtltspan ariahiddentruegtamptimesltspangtltbuttongt                                             lth4 classmodaltitlegtUsers details for ltstronggt userData.username ltstronggtlth4gt                                         ltdivgt                                         ltdiv classmodalbodygt                                             ltfieldsetgt                                                 ltlegendgtUser Detailsltlegendgt                                                     ltdl classdlhorizontalgt                                                         ltdtgtUser IDltdtgt                                                         ltddgt userData.id ltddgt                                                         ltdtgtUser Loginltdtgt                                                         ltddgtltinput typetext classformcontrol inputxs datangmodeluserData.usernamegtltddgt                                                         ltdtgtUser Emailltdtgt                                                         ltddgtltinput typetext classformcontrol inputxs datangmodeluserData.emailgtltddgt                                                         ltdtgtPasswordltdtgt                                                         ltddgtltinput typepassword classformcontrol inputxs datangmodeluserData.passwordgtltddgt                                                         ltdtgtUser Registrationltdtgt                                                         ltddgt userData.registrationDate ltddgt                                                         ltdtgtNotesltdtgt                                                         ltddgtlttextarea classformcontrol inputxs textleft placeholderType some notes datangmodeluserData.userNotesgtlttextareagtltddgt                                                     ltdlgt                                             ltfieldsetgt                                             ltfieldsetgt                                                 ltlegendgtSite Settingltlegendgt                                                     ltdl classdlhorizontalgt                                                         ltdtgtAffiliate IDltdtgt                                                         ltddgtltinput typetext classformcontrol inputxsgtltddgt                                                     ltdlgt                                             ltfieldsetgt                                         ltdivgt                                     ltdiv classmodalfootergt                                         ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault datadismissmodalgtCloseltbuttongt                                         ltbutton typebutton classbtn btnprimary datangclickupdateUseruserData.idgtSave changesltbuttongt                                     ltdivgt                                   ltdivgt                                 ltformgt                             ltdivgt                           ltdivgt                         ltdivgt                                                  lttdgt                 lttrgt             lttbodygt         lttablegt codepre  pp  pIn the following code scope.userData is empty.p  precodescope.updateUser  functionid      var userData  scope.userData     http.putapiusers  id, userData         .successfunctionuserData              console.loguserData                  .errorfunctiondata              console.logError   data           codepre  pEach Action button in the Action Column is opening user details by passing index in a modal displaying data in input form. I would like to update user detail from this modal but I am not able to get data from the form scope.userData is emptyp  pAny help would be appreciated as I am newbee p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to search through the file system and rename files if they are codexxx.pngcode to .png or codexxx.jpgcode to code.jpgcode removing the codexxxcode value, and to code.png.bakcode or code.jpg.bakcode if they do not have codexxx.extcode. I am already using a script to execute a command on each filep  precodebinbash for file in find . name .png do     cp file file.bak     pngquant vf file      echo  mv  file    done echo  codepre  pI need this script to also be able to back up the old file and rename the new file to the old filename. the new file is the old file name with codexxxcode appended to the filename before the extension.  p
Negative 42922 pI have a simple functions, which should returns JSON.p  precodeapp.routestorageexperiments, methods[GET] def getexperiments     if not request.json         abort400     experiments  db[experiments]     cursor  experiments.findrequest.getjson     printdumpscursor     resp  Responseresponsedumpscursor,     status200,      mimetypeapplicationjson     return resp codepre  pprintdumpscursor showsp  pcode[current 11, date 12.12.2001, id oid 551c7b642349c517f5fa5223, name xaxa, voltage 34]codep  pbut returns empty brackets []p
Negative 42922 pI am using  dataTables 1.9.4 and currently, I use codesPaginationType  fullnumberscode. p  pFor example when there are 10 pages, the pagination displays like kbdFirstkbdkbdPreviouskbdkbd1kbdkbd2kbdkbd3kbdkbd4kbdkbd5kbdkbdNextkbdkbdLastkbdp  pI hope to change it into something like p  pkbdPreviouskbd kbd1kbd kbd2kbd kbd3kbdkbd...kbd kbd10kbd kbdNextkbdp  pHow can I customize itp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to run some unit tests in CakePHP 3.0 but keep getting the following errors, which seem to be more Cake problems than one I constructed myself Anyone have a similar issue Test code is following samle in this article a hrefhttpbook.cakephp.org3.0endevelopmenttesting.html relnofollowhttpbook.cakephp.org3.0endevelopmenttesting.htmlap  precodenamespace AppTestTestCaseController  use CakeORMTableRegistry use CakeTestSuiteIntegrationTestCase     AppControllerUsersController Test Case   class UsersControllerTest extends IntegrationTestCase              Test add method             return void           public function testAdd              data  [             username gt testusername,             password gt testpassword,             email gt testemailtest.ie,             locationid gt 5,             gender gt Male,             info gt test info         ]         thisgtpostusers, data          thisgtassertResponseSuccess         users  TableRegistrygetUsers         query  usersgtfindgtwhere[username gt data[username]]         thisgtassertEquals1, querygtcount      codepre  pResponsep  precode1 AppTestTestCaseControllerUsersControllerTesttestIndex Use of undefined constant TMP  assumed TMP  CwampwwwmysitevendorcakephpcakephpsrcNetworkSession.php141 CwampwwwmysitevendorcakephpcakephpsrcNetworkSession.php95 CwampwwwmysitevendorcakephpcakephpsrcTestSuiteIntegrationTestCas e.php340 CwampwwwmysitevendorcakephpcakephpsrcTestSuiteIntegrationTestCas e.php267 CwampwwwmysitevendorcakephpcakephpsrcTestSuiteIntegrationTestCas e.php188 codepre
Negative 42922 pwhen the users is working on the open office  letter editing toolpopup, application screen is displaying timeoutp  pInitial Analysis if the users are working on the open office for more than 60 minutes  the server are not refreshed to extend the session. session is active behindp  pWe have idletime set in web.xmlp  pPlease help me out in resolving how to keep session alive. p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to make a dynamic website a hrefhttpwww.adau.ga relnofollowwww.adau.gaa  with sql and ajax. It has more picture categories that are changed with ajax.p  pIn all the categories I want to add sort buttons bigger to smaller, alphabetic name amp opposite...p  pSo I want to make a function that changes the idpoza in a SQL query and reloads the content with the new selected row.p  pCan you help mep  pThank you.p  pscript used for sql selectionp  precode   ltphp     try       include conect.php      interogare  cnxgtprepareSELECT   from silviapoze  WHERE idcategorie  3 order by idpoza      interogaregtexecute      foreach interogaregtfetchAll as linie        img  linie[pozamare]       echo lta classfancybox hrefhttpwww.adau.gaimages.img. datafancyboxgroupgallery title.nume.gtltimg srchttpwww.adau.gaimages.img. height150 alt gtltagt                catchPDOException e       dieConectare imposibila  . egtgetMessage          gt codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to know abt DOM manipulation in meteor. My code goes as followsp  precode    lttemplate name  studentListgt      each         ltdiv class  namegt             Name this.name         ltdivgt          ltdiv class  agegt             Age this.age         ltdivgt         ltbutton class  editgt Edit ltbuttongt     each      ltbutton class  addStudentgt Add Student ltbuttongt lttemplategt   Template.studentList.helpers     studentlistfunction         return Students.find        Template.studentList.events     I am doing the DOM manupulation here based on the buttons clicked  codepre  pI get a list of Student Info from the DB and display them in the template. Now for each student, there is an edit button. When user clicks this edit button, I want to change the name and age field of the student as text field and give an option to save and cancel.p  pSimilarly, I have an add student button at the end of the template. When a user clicks it, I want to display a form, where students name and age is added and then saved.p  pSo far, I am being able to do this, but in a very naive way by using lots of JqueryJavascript code in the events of studentList. I read many post that says this is not the correct way.p  pCan anyway please tell how can this feature be achieved in meteor. Or just to some possible ways of doing it.p  pHelp appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI have large XML file 2 Gb and I need import data to sql ce db. XML file have a root tag and many same tags with 20 attributes like a 2d tablep  precodeltObjectsgt ltObject ID name level gt ltObject ID name level gt  codepre  pFor load data from XML to sql ce db I use codeSqlCeBulkCopycode on a hrefhttpssqlcebulkcopy.codeplex.com relnofollowcodeplexa. I try use codeDataTablecode, but have this error becouse XML is more then 2 Gbp  blockquote   pSystem.OutOfMemoryExceptionp blockquote  pI use codeXmlReadercode to read information from XML filep  precodeXmlReader r  XmlReader.Createfile  PathToFile   while r.Read              if r.Name  Object ampamp r.HasAttributes                         codepre  pAnd how use codeIDataReadercode with codeXmlReadercode for codeSqlCeBulkCopycode in this situation any example p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to attach a volume to a docker container when it starts as a way of providing input to the docker container. When I typep  precodedocker run swanijamdjredcapharvest v UsersswanickjtestFolderDockInputInput codepre  pThe Input folder never appears in the container. p  pIm aware that there have been issues of boot2docker not having access to Users but in my VirtualBox Users is shared, as is default in boot2docker  1.3. p  pThe Input folder is being accessed in the ENTRYPOINT line of my Dockerfile, when it is built. p  pIf you need me to show you any code or other files, please let me knowp
Negative 42922 pIm working on a project that is suppose to send a file from one machine to another using DatagramPackets and DatagramSockets. The implementation is suppose to mimic the TCP protocol. So once the receiver gets a packet it sends back an ACK to the sender, confirming the packet was delivered. My program so far without making any checks for ACKs. Im having trouble implementing the ACK messages. On my receiver program, it shows that the ACKs are being sent, but the sender application is not getting them.p  pI keep getting an error from creating the socket. java.net.BindException Address already in use Cannot bind. Im confused because nowhere else in the sender applicaion have a specified the port. I simply use codeDatagramSocket socket  new DatagramSocketcode  but I do use  codeDatagramPacket packet  new DatagramPacketpacketData, packetData.length, internetAddress, 49000             socket.sendpacketcode when sending packets. p  pI have tried removing the datagram declaration in my waitForAck method and used the same datagramSocket I used to send packets. But codesocket.receivepacketcode will hang and never recieve anything because it hasnt been assigned a port to listen on.p  pThis is my method to listen for ACKsp  precodepublic void waitForACK     listen for ack for a period of time     if ACK received, then break send next packet     if ACK not received or time out, send last packet     TODO implement a timeout     System.out.println Sender waiting for ACK     try          DatagramSocket receivingSocket  new DatagramSocket49000         while ACKreceived              byte[] buf  new byte[1500]  Actual Ethernet packet size is 1500 bytes              receive request             DatagramPacket packet  new DatagramPacketbuf, buf.length             receivingSocket.receivepacket socket.receivepacket lt             byte[] packetData  Arrays.copyOfpacket.getData, packet.getLength             ACKreceived  checkACKpacketDatacheck the recieved packet contains an ACK message                  System.out.println Sender recieved ACK      catch Exception e          System.out.println never got ACK         System.out.printlne       codepre  pIve also tried this but the scoket will hang and never actualy recieve anything. Even though the application that recieves the file successfully reports sending an ACK. Im guessing its because it does not know to recieve the ACK on port 49000.p  precodepublic void waitForACK     listen for ack for a period of time     if ACK received, then break send next packet     if ACK not received or time out, send last packet     TODO implement a timeout     System.out.println Sender waiting for ACK     try          while ACKreceived              byte[] buf  new byte[1500]  Actual Ethernet packet size is 1500 bytes              receive request             DatagramPacket packet  new DatagramPacketbuf, buf.length             socket.receivepacket lt HANGS RIGHT HERE             byte[] packetData  Arrays.copyOfpacket.getData, packet.getLength             ACKreceived  checkACKpacketDatacheck the recieved packet contains an ACK message                  System.out.println Sender recieved ACK      catch Exception e          System.out.println never got ACK         System.out.printlne       codepre
Negative 42922 pIn my application session will automatically expired when application is in still running mode. p  blockquote   pIn my page all hits are happens through ajax calls only. p blockquote
Negative 42922 pI am able to copy all files from the bucket but I need only the files from one folder in a bucket.p  precodeBucket name  bpdev Folder inside the bucket is    aws s3 ls s3devbpsourceinput                            PRE arch                            PRE emrin                            PRE emrout                            PRE in 20150403 090233          0 20150413 170524   11084438 201503ntsall.xlsx 20150415 094120   11084438 201503ntsall20150415094117721.xlsx codepre  pI want to copy only file strong201503strongntsall20150415094117721.xlsx to arch but here the files which are there in the strongin folderstrong also getting copied.p  precodeaws s3 cp s3devbpsourceinput s3devbpsourceinputarch recursive exclude  include mthcdsourceall.xlsx codepre  pcopy s3devbpsourceinput201503ntsall20150415094117721.xlsx to s3devbpsourceinputarch201503ntsall2015041509411772 1.xlsx copy s3devbpsourceinputin201503ntsallstrong201505strong16094117721.xlsx to s3devbpsourceinputarchin201503ntsall2015041509 4117721.xlsxp  pHow can I copy files forom olee folder from a bucket.p
Negative 42922 pI am working on Knockout bindings with breeze JS. While adding data to database for some entries by using breeze controller, strongI am trying to display few more fields related to one particular attribute which is required while storing data into my local databasestrong. So I created a custom binding which makes me do that.  But I found that the fields I am adding in my strongview does not bind with my observable which I am using while creating a new entrystrongp  pHere is the knockout bindingp  precode ko.bindingHandlers.htmlTags        update function element, valueAccessor, allBindings, viewModel, bindingContext           var value  valueAccessor         var valueUnwrapped  ko.unwrapvalue         var x  [ABC, XYZ,UVW]         var jt  bindingContext.data.type.latestValue  get the latest value of observable Type which is coming from database via breeze         var finalHtmlTag  ko.observable  Strings of HTML which I want to add while execution             var op  ltlabelgtOperation to perform  ltlabelgtltselect databind options x  , value operationgtltselectgt             var cust  ltlabelgtCustomer Name ltlabelgtltinput databindvalue customer placeholder[Customer Name]gtltinputgt             var cust1  ltdivgtltdivgtltlabelgt Customer Nameltlabelgtltinput  databindvalue customer placeholder[Customer Name]gtltinputgt             var loc  ltdivgtltdivgtltlabelgtCopy Location ltlabelgtltinput databindvalue copyLocation placeholder[Copy Location]gtltinputgt             if jt  1  finalHtmlTag  op  cust1              if jt  2  finalHtmlTag  op              if jt  3  finalHtmlTag  cust  loc                Now manipulate the DOM element                  addTag.htmlfinalHtmlTag  Make the element visible        codepre  pKey Value pairp  precode var typesX  [          key 0, value Type1 ,          key 1, value Type2 ,          key 2, value Type3 ,          key 3, value Type4] codepre  p  My html  job is an observable which is used creating an instance with the help of breeze for storing a particular entry in local DB. p  precodeltformgt         ltdiv databindwith jobgt              ltdivgt                 ltlabelgtJob Name ltlabelgt                 ltinput databindvalue jobName placeholder[JobName] gt             ltdivgt             ltdivgt                 ltlabelgtType  ltlabelgt                 ltselect databindhtmlTags true, options root.typesX, optionsText value, optionsValue key, value data.type gt             ltdivgt                ltdivgt                 ltlabelgtUser IDltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext placeholder[User ID] databindvalue userID gt             ltdivgt             ltdiv idaddTaggtltdivgt till here everything works fine but after this line bindings are not working properly             ltdivgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a windows service which simply reads a shared UNC folder like watch folder then picks up top 5 files and makes some process and transfer it to somewhere else via API.p  pThis service scheduled to be run every 5 minutes. And processingamptransferring can take more than 5 minutes. p  pI will run this windows service over 5 servers and I would like to find a solid approach that these services will not access same file at the same time.p  pI am thinking is that which ever service will access, first it will check SQL server if these files are on the processing list like processingfiles table. If not then write those file on the database and try to pick up them, so if there is another service tries access same folder it would check db and sees files are in process. Then it will try next 5 file.p  pI would like to know if there is a knownbetter approach for this scenario then I do not need to invent wheel again.p
Negative 42922 pConsider this classp  precodeclass C1    C1C1ampamp  default         declare and define move ctor  codepre  pBecause C1s move ctor is explicitly defaulted on its first declaration, 8.4.2 of the Standard tells us it has the same exception specification ES as if the function had been implicitly declared. We can then use 15.414 and 12.815 to conclude that its ES is codenoexcepttruecode.p  pNow consider a class C2 that is the same, except its move ctor is defaulted outside the class definitionp  precodeclass C2    C2C2ampamp                  declare move ctor    C2C2C2ampamp  default      define move ctor codepre  pWhat is the ES for C2s move ctor Because its not defaulted on its first declaration, 8.4.22 doesnt apply. Because it doesnt have an explicit ES, 8.4.23 doesnt apply. Because its not implicitly declared, 15.414 doesnt apply. From what I can tell, that means that 15.412 applies, and it says that the default function ES is codenoexceptfalsecode.p  pIf Im right, that means that the move ctor in C1 is codenoexcepttruecode, but the conceptually identical move ctor in C2 is codenoexceptfalsecode. p  pIs my reasoning about C2 correctp
Negative 42922 pI want to make a C class that wraps a reference to a managed object existing in a win forms application so that it can be manipulated from both sides C and C.p  pThis object will be accessed asynchronously from C. For this I would like to store a reference to that managed object in the native code. I know the GC can collect it so I read that I should reference it somewhere in the managed code to prevent this.p  pMy question is  is it possible to store a reference to a managed object in a native DLL without using CLICLR stuff and use it to call methods asynchronously  And if yes, what is the syntax for passing the object  Also what about the methods of that managed object  Do i also need to store a reference to them in my native code p  pThank you. p
Negative 42922 pWhen I look at the repository, I see packages A10.deb, A11.deb and B10.deb, only. Package B, version 10, depends on package A, version 10.  But when I try to install package B10.deb, I get the following errorp  precode aptget update  aptget install B10  Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree        Reading state information... Done Some packages could not be installed. This may mean that you have requested an impossible situation or if you are using the unstable distribution that some required packages have not yet been created or been moved out of Incoming. The following information may help to resolve the situation  The following packages have unmet dependencies B  Depends A  10 but 11 is to be installed E Unable to correct problems, you have held broken packages. codepre  pBut package A10.deb does exist. p  ul lipIs strongaptget updatestrong not updating pli lipHow do you make strongaptget install B10strong install the correct version dependencypli lipAm I using the aptget command wrong pli lipIs the repo not set up properly  pli ul  pAn strongaptcache madison Astrong shows p  precode aptcache madison A A  10  httpbogus.url.comrepo binary Packages A  11  httpbogus.url.comrepo binary Packages codepre  pIs there something wrong in the control filep  precodePackage B Version 10 Section base Priority optional Architecture all Depends A  10 Maintainer Me Description My B package codepre  pI noticed that the strongaptcache dependsstrong command doesnt respect versions.  p  precode aptcache depends B10 B Depends A codepre  pOr am I using that command wrongp
Negative 42922 pI know Django have getpreviousbyFOO and getnextbyFOO methods but I dont know how to use them in my templates and views. So, please help me to make this two methods work for my project.p  pIm running codeDjango1.7code and codePython2.7code and my app name is codeblogcode Here is my corresponding filesp  pstrongblogviews.pystrongp  precodedef viewpostrequest, slug     post  getobjector404Post, slugslug     return rendertoresponseblogblogpost.html,                              postpost,             ,             contextinstanceRequestContextrequest    class PublishedPostMixinobject     def getquerysetself         return self.model.objects.live   class PostDetailViewPublishedPostMixin,DetailView     model  Post codepre  pstrongblogmodels.pystrongp  precodeclass Postmodels.Model     createdat  models.DateTimeFieldautonowaddTrue, editableFalse     updatedat  models.DateTimeFieldautonowTrue, editableFalse     title  models.CharFieldmaxlength255     slug  models.SlugFieldmaxlength255,uniqueTrue      content  MarkdownField     published  models.BooleanFielddefaultTrue     author  models.ForeignKeyUser, relatednameposts     tags  models.ManyToManyFieldTag      class Meta         ordering  [createdat, title]      def unicodeself         return self.title      def saveself, args,  kwargs         if not self.slug             self.slug  slugifyself.title title become the slug         superPost, self.saveargs,kwargs      models.permalink     def getabsoluteurlself         return blogdetail,,slugself.slug                              codepre  pstrongblogurls.pystrongp  precodeurlpatterns  patterns,     urlrPltsluggt[w],viewpost, namedetail,  codepre  h1strongTemplatesstrongh1  precodeltpgt     post.contentmarkdown  ltpgt ltul classpagergt    ltli classpreviousgt       lta hrefpost.getpreviousbycreatedatgtamplarr Previous Postsltagt    ltligt    ltli classnextgt       lta hrefpost.getnextbycreatedatgtNext Posts amprarrltagt    ltligt ltulgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a question about redis sentinel when there is a network partitionp  pI started a redis server on server01 as master and a server on server02 as slave, there was a redis sentinel on another server, I setup a script to make the client point to the new master when failoverp  pThena partition occurred isolating the master on server01, so the sentinel start a failover on server02, and the slave of server02 become the new master. All the clients are using the new master now, which is okay.p  pWhen the partition recovered, however, sentinel will send codeslaveofcode to the old master. The old master will then remove all the data and sync with the new master, even there is little difference between new master and old master. When there is more than one masterslave group, the sync command will take upall my bandwidth in my production environment.p  pSo how to disable the auto slaveof Is there a better ideap
Negative 42922 pCan I have a tab control in a Wpf window bound to a property of the Window, e.g.p  precode    ltTabControl Grid.Row0 SelectedIndexBinding SelectedTabIndex, ModeTwoWaygt         ltTabItem HeaderTab1gt         ltTabItem HeaderTab2gt     ltTabControlgt codepre  pProperty on Windowp  precode public int SelectedTabIndex  get set  codepre  pSuch that, when the tab is changed by the user, the Window property is automatically set to the new index  I tried this out, but it doesnt appear to be doing anything with the codeSelectedTabIndexcode when I set a breakpoint on the codesetcode.  Is there something Im missing herep
Negative 42922 pI have created a function to display a multidimensional array from a DB table arranged by the parent id pid. I need to add paging ability, but when I add LIMIT offset, recsperpage to my SELECT query, I get unreliable results. There are 14 records in my test DB, with LIMIT recsperpage set to 10 it only shows the parent items.p  pFor example, without LIMIT the results arep  precodeHome About Us   Our History     Our Founders   Our Clients Faq Services   Corporate Services   Property Services   Employment Services   Foundation Services   Licensing Services   Tax Services Contact Us codepre  pWith recsperpage set to 10, the results on page 1 arep  precodeHome About Us Services codepre  pThen on page 2p  precodeContact codepre  pMy subpages are missing.  To make matters worse, if I set recsperpage to 6 I get the same results on pages 1 amp 2, but then on page 3 I get an error Undefined offset 1 which points to the function call as shown below.  Im really stumped and I could use some help.p  pHere is my queryp  precode    mysqliselectdbisiteadmin, databaseisiteadmin     querygetText  SELECT pageid, pid, pagename, linkname, headline, deck, ordr FROM webtext ORDER BY pid, ordr LIMIT offset, recsperpage     getText  mysqliqueryisiteadmin, querygetText or dieSorry, could not connect to database.     rowgetText  mysqlifetchassocgetText codepre  pHere is my array constructionp  precode     Initialize the storage array     pagelist  array      while listpageid, pid, pagename, linkname, headline, deck, ordr   mysqlifetcharraygetText, MYSQLBOTH        Add to the array     pagelist[pid][pageid]  arraypgidgtpageid,pidgtpid, pgnamegtpagename, linkngtlinkname,hdlinegtheadline,deckgtdeck,ordrgtordr       codepre  pHere is the call to the functionp  precode     Send the first array element      to the makelist function     makelistpagelist[1] codepre  pHere is the functionp  precode    function makelist parent, depth  0        Need the main pagelist array plus other variables used within this function     global pagelist, counter, contentdir, pid       Loop through each limited subarray     foreach parent as pidgtitem                  Display the item gt       lttr classpglist ltphp if issetpagelist[pid]  echo haschild  else  echo   gt ltphp if counter  2 echo hilite gt ltphp echo T . depth gtgt     lttd classpgname gtltphp if issetpagelist[pid] ampamp item[pid]  1  echo item[pgname]   category page without decendents                                 if issetpagelist[pid] ampamp item[pid]  1  echo   . item[pgname]   category page with decendents                                     if issetpagelist[pid] ampamp item[pid]  1  echo ltspan classelgtampnbspL ltspangt  . item[pgname]   child page with decendents                                         if issetpagelist[pid] ampamp item[pid]  1  echo ltspan classelgtampnbspLltspangt  . item[pgname]   child page without decendents gtlttdgt     lttd classhdlinegtltphp echo item[hdline] gtlttdgt     lttd classdeckgtltphp echo item[deck] gtlttdgt     lttd classordergtltphp echo item[ordr] gtlttdgt           lttrgt ltphp       Check for subitems     if issetpagelist[pid]             Call this function         makelistpagelist[pid], depth  depth  1          depth  depth  1                End check for subitems              End of FOREACH loop.            End of makelist function.  codepre  pHere is a vardump of the arrayp  precode    Array          [1] gt Array              [2] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 2                 [pid] gt 1                 [pgname] gt Home                 [linkn] gt home                 [hdline] gt This is the headline for the home page                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 1                       [3] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 3                 [pid] gt 1                 [pgname] gt About Us                 [linkn] gt about                 [hdline] gt This is the headline for About Us                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 2                       [6] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 6                 [pid] gt 1                 [pgname] gt Service Areas                 [linkn] gt practice                 [hdline] gt This is the Service Areas page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 4                       [21] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 21                 [pid] gt 1                 [pgname] gt Contact Us                 [linkn] gt contact                 [hdline] gt Contact Us                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 99                     [3] gt Array              [10] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 10                 [pid] gt 3                 [pgname] gt Our History                 [linkn] gt history                 [hdline] gt This is the Our History page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 1                       [11] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 11                 [pid] gt 3                 [pgname] gt Our Clients                 [linkn] gt clients                 [hdline] gt This is the Our Clients page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 2                       [12] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 12                 [pid] gt 3                 [pgname] gt FAQ                 [linkn] gt faq                 [hdline] gt Frequently Asked Questions                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 3                     [6] gt Array              [7] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 7                 [pid] gt 6                 [pgname] gt Corporate Services                 [linkn] gt corporate                 [hdline] gt This is the Corporate Services page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 1                       [9] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 9                 [pid] gt 6                 [pgname] gt Property Services                 [linkn] gt intellectual                 [hdline] gt This is the Property Services page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 2                       [13] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 13                 [pid] gt 6                 [pgname] gt Employment Services                 [linkn] gt employment                 [hdline] gt This is the Employment Services page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 4                       [14] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 14                 [pid] gt 6                 [pgname] gt Foundation Services                 [linkn] gt formation                 [hdline] gt This is the Foundation Services page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 5                       [15] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 15                 [pid] gt 6                 [pgname] gt Licensing Services                 [linkn] gt contracts                 [hdline] gt This is the Licensing Services page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 6                       [16] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 16                 [pid] gt 6                 [pgname] gt Tax Services                 [linkn] gt tax                 [hdline] gt This is the Tax Services page headline                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 7                     [10] gt Array              [41] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 41                 [pid] gt 10                 [pgname] gt Our Founders                 [linkn] gt founders                 [hdline] gt Our Founders                 [deck] gt This is info about our company founders.                 [ordr] gt 1                     [17] gt Array              [18] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 18                 [pid] gt 17                 [pgname] gt News Stories                 [linkn] gt news                 [hdline] gt News Stories                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 1                       [19] gt Array                              [pgid] gt 19                 [pid] gt 17                 [pgname] gt Upcoming Events                 [linkn] gt events                 [hdline] gt Upcoming Events                 [deck] gt                  [ordr] gt 2                        codepre
Negative 42922 pI am facing a problem in dealing with basic if else statement in C.p  pI have two variables of type uint. I need to check whether the first variable is in the range of the second one. Also, the first variable can have value null. The output comes up fine in case of i put some value for the first value. But the desired output fails in case I put null in the first variablep  pI did it in this manner.p  precodeusing System  public class Test      public static void Main              uint var1  0x00000000         uint var2  0x0ffffffa         if var1  null  var1  null ampamp var1 amp var2 gt 0         Console.WriteLine no         else         Console.WriteLine yes       codepre  pThe code when the output is coming as no is p  precodeusing System  public class Test      public static void Main              uint var1  0x00000000         uint var2  0x0ffffffa         if var1  null ampamp var1 amp var2 gt 0  var1  null         Console.WriteLine no         else         Console.WriteLine yes       codepre  pBut the output is coming as no. Where am I going wrongp  pI want a yes as an output. I need to check for the first variable. If it is null then fine, if not, then whether it is in the range of the second variable, if it is, then also finep
Negative 42922 pI try to implement a simple example with camel, where I define routes to interact with a database using jdbc and sql. First, I write log4j.properties for the logp  precodelog4j.rootLoggerINFO, out  log4j.appender.outorg.apache.log4j.ConsoleAppender log4j.appender.out.layoutorg.apache.log4j.PatternLayout log4j.appender.out.layout.ConversionPattern[30.30t] 30.30c1 5p mn log4j.appender.out.layout.ConversionPatternd [15.15t] 5p 30.30c1  mn codepre  pAfter I write in a file called sql.properties the queriesp  precodesql.insertNewTopicINSERT INTO newtopicTopicId, TopicName, url, ModuleId, CreateDate VALUES TopicId, TopicName, url, ModuleId, CreateDate   sql that select all unprocessed NewTopics sql.selectNewTopicselect  from newtopic   sql that update the NewTopic as being processed sql.markNewTopicupdate newtopic set TopicName  Apache Camel where TopicId  TopicId codepre  pAnd a file called applicationContext.xml where i define bean to set database and route to interact with itp  precodeltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xmlnscamelhttpcamel.apache.orgschemaspring     xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans      httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans.xsd               httpcamel.apache.orgschemaspring      httpcamel.apache.orgschemaspringcamelspring.xsdgt       ltbean iddataSource classorg.apache.commons.dbcp.BasicDataSource         destroymethodclosegt         ltproperty namedriverClassName valuecom.mysql.jdbc.Driver gt         ltproperty nameurl valuejdbcmysqllocalhost3306javavillforum gt lt djdbcmysqllocalhost3306dbname gt         ltproperty nameusername value gt         ltproperty namepassword value gt     ltbeangt      lt configure the Camel SQL component to use the JDBC data source gt     ltbean idsqlComponent classorg.apache.camel.component.sql.SqlComponentgt         ltproperty namedataSource refdataSource gt     ltbeangt      ltbean idtopicBean classcom.mycompany.camelwithquartz.NewTopicBean gt      lt here is Camel configured with a number of routes gt     ltcamelContext xmlnshttpcamel.apache.orgschemaspringgt          lt use Camel property placeholder loaded from the given file gt         ltpropertyPlaceholder idplaceholder locationclasspathdatasql.properties gt          lt route that generate new orders and insert them in the database gt         ltroute idgenerateOrderroutegt             ltfrom uritimerfooperiod5s gt             lttransformgt                 ltmethod reftopicBean methodgenerateNewTopic gt             lttransformgt             ltto urisqlComponentsql.insertNewTopic gt             ltlog messageInserted new NewTopic body[TopicId] gt         ltroutegt          lt             route that process the NewTopics by picking up new rows from the             database and when done processing then update the row to mark it as             processed         gt         ltroute idprocessNewTopicroutegt             ltfrom urisqlComponentsql.selectNewTopic                 consumer.onConsumesql.markNewTopic gt                 ltto uribeantopicBeanmethodprocessNewTopic gt                 ltlog messagebody gt                 ltlog messageUpdated new NewTopic gt             ltroutegt          ltcamelContextgt     ltbeansgt codepre  pThe class NewTopicBean.java deines method called in the applicationContext.xml above. The NewTopicBean.java is shown belowp  precodepackage com.mycompany.camelwithquartz  import java.util.Date import java.util.HashMap import java.util.Map import java.util.Random   public class NewTopicBean       private Random ran  new Random       public MapltString, Objectgt generateNewTopic          MapltString, Objectgt answer  new HashMapltString, Objectgt         answer.putTopicId, ran.nextInt         answer.putTopicName, Camel in Action         answer.puturl, Camel in Action         answer.putModuleId, ran.nextInt         answer.putCreateDate, new Date         return answer                  Processes the NewTopic             param data the NewTopic as a link Map       return the transformed NewTopic           public String processNewTopicMapltString, Objectgt data          return Processed NewTopic id   data.getTopicId   TopicName                   data.getTopicName                   of   data.getModuleId   copies of   data.geturl       codepre  pFinally I write a class to test it called TestQuartzp  precodepublic class TestQuartz       static org.apache.log4j.Logger logger  org.apache.log4j.Logger.getLoggerTestQuartz.class     static final String pathLogger  CUsersmilioliDocumentsNetBeansProjectsCamelWithQuartzsrcmainresourcesdatalog4j.properties      public static void mainString args[] throws Exception       PropertyConfigurator.configurepathLogger      logger.infobefore to create app context with applicationContext.xml         AbstractApplicationContext context  new ClassPathXmlApplicationContextCUsersmilioliDocumentsNetBeansProjectsCamelWithQuartzdataapplicationContext.xml         AbstractApplicationContext context  new FileSystemXmlApplicationContextsrcmainresourcesdataapplicationContext.xml         logger.infoafter to creat app context with applicationContext.xml         context.start         try              Thread.sleep5000          catch InterruptedException e              e.printStackTrace                  System.out.printlnEnteredgtgtgtgtgt         context.stop       codepre  pThe pom.xml file is correct, the project builds, but when I try to run it, I obtain this exceptionp  precodeorg.springframework.jdbc.CannotGetJdbcConnectionException Could not get JDBC Connection nested exception is org.apache.commons.dbcp.SQLNestedException Cannot create PoolableConnectionFactory Communications link failure codepre  pThe routes are read, but I cant to get a connection. In the applicationContext.xml I set localhost3306 that is the default port, but It seems dont work.p  pCan someone help mep
Negative 42922 pI am trying to use a function from an opensource library. This function is not exposed outside by default so I am assuming it is not utility function provided directly by opensource library, but I need this function to solve some problem in my code, so somehow I have made some changes in makefile to expose the funtion from library. p  pNow the question is how to make sure this function is reentrant. p  pI am not able to find out with my naked eye, because it is calling a number of functions internally.p  pTo be precise I am curious to know if there is any tool available or any option in GDB to check if my function is only using local variables and it is not changing global variables. p
Negative 42922 pIm having trouble with the syntax in Matlab.p  pIm trying to split an audio signal up into different segments frames. p  pI would like to return the yaxis values to a matrix each segment having its own column, and the corresponding time values with each segment having its own row.p  pI cant even get it to return just one single column and row pair ie one frame. I just get returned two empty matrices. Heres my code.p  precodefunction [mFrames, vTimeFrame]  FramingvSignal,samplingRate,frameLPerc,frameshPerc   totalTimesizevSignal,1samplingRate  frameLength  totalTimeframeLPerc frameShift  totalTimeframeshPerc  frameNumber 0 checkframeLPerc  while checklt1     check  checkframeshPerc     frameNumberframeNumber1 end  start  1  problem part     mFrames  vSignalroundstart1samplingRateframeLengthsamplingRate     vTimeFrame  roundstart1samplingRateframeLengthsamplingRate  end codepre  pIn the end I would like to be able to segment my entire signal into mFramesi and vTimeFramei with a forloop, but never mind that I cannot even get my function to return the first one like I said empty matrix.p  pI know my segment code should be correct because Ive got another script working with the same vSignal its a column vector by the way that works just fine yvSignalp  precodevoiced  yround1.2451Fs1.608Fs plot1.2451Fs1.608,voiced codepre  pI titled this with syntax problems because Im very new to matlab and am used to Java. It feels very weird not initializing anything, and so Im unsure whether my code is actually making any sense.p  pWhen testing I enter [m1,m2]Framingy,16000,0.1,0.05.p
Negative 42922 pI want to create my first webapp in Codeigniterp  pa hrefhttpsellislab.comcodeigniteruserguideinstallation relnofollowInstallation instructionsa say p  precodeUpload the CodeIgniter folders and files to your server. Normally the index.php file will be at your root. codepre  pHow to do this  p  pIn applicationconfigconfig.php I set p  precodeconfig[baseurl]  httplocalhost8080ci codepre  pI also renamed codeigniter folder to codecicode and put it into codetomcatrootwebappscode dir but I get 404 error when go to urlp  precodehttplocalhost8080ci codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a first shared libraryp  precodeLOCALPATH  call mydir include CLEARVARS LOCALMODULE  one LOCALSRCFILES  one.cpp include BUILDSHAREDLIBRARY codepre  pI want to call a function in this first shared library from a second shared libraryp  precodeLOCALPATH  call mydir include CLEARVARS LOCALMODULE     two LOCALSRCFILES  two.c LOCALSHAREDLIBRARIES  one LOCALLDLIBS  llog landroid Lpathobjlocalarmeabi lone include BUILDSHAREDLIBRARY codepre  pIn the first shared library, I havep  precodenm D pathobjlocalarmeabilibone.so  grep  T 000046cd T Z13setInputFramePcii codepre  pIm calling in the second shared library the same function as its defined in the first libraryp  precodevoid setInputFramechar data, int iWidth, int iHeight codepre  pDuring linkage of the second library, Eclipse says that it cant find the function. Any idea whyp  pFor some other reasons, I need to have the first library as a shared non static library.p
Negative 42922 pIn my 2D game I have randomized objects which are spawned as 4 to 5 clones each time I run the game. My problem is that I also have a different object that I want to spawn as 1 clone, and position it to appear after the last clone of the randomized objects I have in my game. p  pThe objects randomization works perfectly in my game, I just need to separate that from the object that I want it to be spawned independently and after the last clone of the randomized objects.p  pThis is the code I am using with 1 line of attempt to spawn the independent object The code was taken from a hrefhttpunity3d.comlearntutorialsprojects2droguelikeboardmanager relnofollowthis tutorialap  precode using UnityEngine     using System     using System.Collections.Generic       Allows us to use Lists.     using Random  UnityEngine.Random      Tells Random to use the Unity Engine random number generator.      namespace Completed                public class BoardManager  MonoBehaviour                        Using Serializable allows us to embed a class with sub properties in the inspector.             [Serializable]             public class Count                              public int minimum             Minimum value for our Count class.                 public int maximum             Maximum value for our Count class.                   Assignment constructor.                 public Count int min, int max                                      minimum  min                     maximum  max                                             public int columns  7                                         Number of columns in our game board.             public Count random1Count  new Count 1, 2                       Lower and upper limit for our random number of objects             public Count random2Count  new Count 1, 1             public Count random3Count  new Count 1, 1             public Count random4Count  new Count 1, 1              public GameObject[] randomObject1                                  Array of objects prefabs.             public GameObject[] randomObject2             public GameObject[] randomObject3             public GameObject[] randomObject4              public GameObject obj  the independent object declaration              private List ltVector3gt gridPositions  new List ltVector3gt    A list of possible locations to place objects.               Clears our list gridPositions and prepares it to generate a new board.             void InitialiseList                               Clear our list gridPositions.                 gridPositions.Clear                   Loop through x axis columns.                 forint x  2 x lt columns x                                        At each index add a new Vector3 to our list with the x and y coordinates of that position.                     gridPositions.Add new Vector3x, 0.3f, 0f                      Instantiateobj  my attempt to instantiate the separate object                     Debug.Logobj.transform.position.x  my attempt to track the position of the separate object                                              RandomPosition returns a random position from our list gridPositions.             Vector3 RandomPosition                               Declare an integer randomIndex, set its value to a random number between 0 and the count of items in our List gridPositions.                 int randomIndex  Random.Range 0, gridPositions.Count                  Declare a variable of type Vector3 called randomPosition, set its value to the entry at randomIndex from our List gridPositions.                 Vector3 randomPosition  gridPositions[randomIndex]                   Remove the entry at randomIndex from the list so that it cant be reused.                 gridPositions.RemoveAt randomIndex                   Return the randomly selected Vector3 position.                 return randomPosition                             LayoutObjectAtRandom accepts an array of game objects to choose from along with a minimum and maximum range for the number of objects to create.             void LayoutObjectAtRandom GameObject[] tileArray, int minimum, int maximum                              Choose a random number of objects to instantiate within the minimum and maximum limits                 int objectCount  Random.Range minimum, maximum1                  Instantiate objects until the randomly chosen limit objectCount is reached                 forint i  0 i lt objectCount i                                       Choose a position for randomPosition by getting a random position from our list of available Vector3s stored in gridPosition                     Vector3 randomPosition  RandomPosition                         Choose a random tile from tileArray and assign it to tileChoice                     GameObject tileChoice  tileArray[Random.Range 0, tileArray.Length]                       Instantiate tileChoice at the position returned by RandomPosition with no change in rotation                     InstantiatetileChoice, randomPosition, Quaternion.identity                                               SetupScene initializes our level and calls the previous functions to lay out the game board             public void SetupScene int level                               Reset our list of gridpositions.                 InitialiseList                   Instantiate a random number of objects based on minimum and maximum, at randomized positions.                 LayoutObjectAtRandom randomObject1, random1Count.minimum, random1Count.maximum                 LayoutObjectAtRandom randomObject2, random2Count.minimum, random2Count.maximum                 LayoutObjectAtRandom randomObject3, random3Count.minimum, random3Count.maximum                 LayoutObjectAtRandom randomObject4, random4Count.minimum, random4Count.maximum                              codepre
Negative 42922 pI have the following example data with four strongcolumnsstrong strongClassstrong, strongIDstrong, strongTypestrong and strongCodestrong brp  precodeClass   ID  Type    Code Class1  ID1         Code1 Class1  ID1 Type1    Class1  ID1 Type2    Class1  ID1      Class1  ID1         Code1 Class1  ID1      Class1  ID1 Type1    Class1  ID1         Code1 Class1  ID1 Type2    Class1  ID1      Class1  ID1         Code1 Class1  ID1      Class1  ID1 Type2    Class1  ID1 Type1    Class1  ID1         Code1 Class1  ID1 Type2    Class1  ID1 Type2    Class1  ID1 Type2    codepre  pI have the following formulap  precodeCOUNTIFSAAClass1BBID1DDcode1 codepre  pstrongBUTstrong I want to achieve a codecountifscode formula with an additional conditionbr emcount only those codecode1codes that have codetype1code as the next occurence in column strongTYPEemstrong br So I will have by maintaining the above conditions in the formula and adding the additional condition the codecountcode of strongcode1strong with strongtype1strong as the next occurrence will be strong2strong. And similarly, the codecountcode of strongcode1strong with strongtype2strong as the next occurrence in codeTYPE columncode will be strong3strong.p  pstrongEditstrong Actually I know how to find my nth match usingp  precodeSMALLIFC1C51type1ROWC1C511 codepre  pbut I dont know how to merge these two formulas.p  pAcually, I can already locate my codecode1code and then in relation to its cell reference locate my codetype1code in the previous column strongone rowstrong below, but it is not always one row below, sometimes it is two or three or more.p  precodeOFFSETINDEXDDMATCH1DDcode1AAclass1011111 codepre  pbrI feel that it has something to do with codesumproductcode and codeoffsetcode or codeindexmatchcode, but I cannot find my way through it.p  pbr P.S.  I also tried the following, but still no resultp  precodeMMULTAAClass1BBID1DDcode1NOFFSETINDEXDDMATCH1DDcode1AAclass1011111type1 codepre  h2UPDATEh2  pSince it seems a bit of problem achieving this, I am adding this update to see how we can achieve this using a UDFp
Negative 42922 pIm building a restfull API for a forum and I have all controllers set up.p  pThis is my setupp  blockquote   pwww.project.comapiv1forumcategories  returns all categoriesp      pwww.project.comapiv1forumcategoriesiddiscussions  returns all discussions from 1 categoryp blockquote  pNow the point is that in the frondend, my forumcategories page displays all categories, BUT, as most forums do I want to add data related to each category number of discussions, last active discussion, etcp  pMy question is, what is better, add the specific data I need to the www.project.comapiv1forumcategories controller or should I call both resources categories and discussions and manipulate with the data I need my frontend.p  pI thought maybe making the api return more data than necesary could compensate the fact that I have to do more AJAX calls if I do it the proper way.p  pI hope ive expressed myself good enought.p
Negative 42922 pI have a tree with a set of numbers, where each number has 2 strings associated a and b. So the structure looks like p  blockquote   panumberbp blockquote  pfor each node.p  pI want to get the maximum number in the tree where ab in Olog n worst case run time.p  pMy approach Tried a Red black tree. This has Olog n if the number is in right subtree. But On if the number is in left sub tree.p  pCant use regular BST, as for worst case, it has On as the runtime.p
Negative 42922 pIm new to Stackoverflow and I was wondering if someone can help me with this situationp  pI want to have different blocksstrong.itemwrapperstrong with itemsstrong.itemstrong in it. But the item inside the block needs a variable width. p  pExample  If the block contains 4 items, the items need a width of 25. br If the block contains 5 items, the items need a width of 20. br If the block contains 6 items, the items need a width of 16.66..... br If the block contains 7 items, the items need a width of 14.28.....p  pI hope someone can help me with this.p  pHere do I have a JSfiddlep  precodejsfiddle.netcarloc4cjwqpf42 codepre  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pI am new to Python  and work on Slackware Linux with Python 3.4.3. I prefer simple nodependency solutions within one single python script.p  pI am building a demonized server program A which I need to access through both a regular shell CLI and GUIs in my webbrowser it serves various files, uses a corresponding database and updates a firefox tab through pythons WEBBROWSER function. Currently I access process A via the CLI or a threaded network socket. This all started to work in a localhost scenario with all processes running on one machine.p  pNow, it turns out that the WEBSOCKET protocol would render my setup dramatically simpler and cut short on traditional flow protocols using Apache and complex frameworks as middlemen.p  ul lip1st central question How do I access daemon A with websockets from the CLI I thought about firing up a nondaemon version of my server program, now called B, and send a program call to its A counterpart via the websocket HTTP protocol. This would make process B a websocket CLIENT, and process A a websocket SERVER. Is such a communication at all possible todaypli lip2nd question Which is the best suited template solution for this scenario  that works with python 3.4.3   I started to play with Pithikos very sleek pythonwebsocketserver template see a hrefhttpsgithub.comPithikospythonwebsocketserver relnofollowhttpsgithub.comPithikospythonwebsocketservera but I am unable to use it as CLIENT initiating the network call to call its SERVER equivalent receiving the call while residing in a daemonized process.pli ul
Negative 42922 pI have data about thousand of tracks being played in different radio stations. Numbers are play count for each track in each radio station p  precode         station1    station2    station3    station4 ...      track1      0            2          5            0 track2      1            0          0            0  track3      3           20          2            0 track4      0            1          0            1 track5      0            0          0            3      .      .       . codepre  pCan I use this data to automatically classifyp  ol liThe radio stations genresli liThe tracks genresli ol  pHow can I do this using Rp
Negative 42922 pI have a scatter chart, but I need to manually set a style for each series on my chart. I have read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11153370howtosetspecificcolortojavafxxychartseriesthisa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9757848howtodynamicallychangelinestyleinjavafx20linechartthisa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14981510setstrokeforbarchartthisa, but as a comment on the second link sais, this doesnt work on ScatterCharts.p  pMy classes on my CSS are named as .defaultcolor0.chartsymbol from 0 to 3 colors with .chartsymbol also defined. They work,but currently they are put on the normal order that JavaFX does.p  pI tried to do the followingp  precodemySeries.getNode.getStyleClass.adddefaultcolor1 mySeries.getNode.getStyleClass.addchartsymbol codepre  pAnd it gave a strongNullPointerExceptionstrong on the first line. Then changed to just to try itp  precodemySeries.getNode.setStylefxbackgroundcolor ffffff codepre  pAnd got a NPE too Any way to do this And yes, I have checked that mySeries is not null on that moment.p  pAll the best, and thanks for reading.p  pemEDITem I kept testing a little, so I decided to split my lines to see exactly were the NPE was coming, and I did thisp  precodeNode n  actorSeries.getNode ObservableListltStringgt list  n.getStyleClass codepre  pAnd the NPE comes from n.getStyleClass. So why is this happeningp
Negative 42922 pCriteriap  ol liPassword length 8 and lt15li liOne digit09, One alphabetAZ or az, One special character li ol  pI tried this p  precode.d.[az].[AZ].[].8,15 codepre  pbut this checks for both one lower case and upper case , but I need either one.p
Negative 42922 pI have one JavaScript file which is calling some external functionFunction in different file using windows.external likep  precode windows.external.setValueHi codepre  pBut above only work in IE. I want same functionality in Chrome and Firefox.p
Negative 42922 pHello Guys Im new to jQuery. as you can see this accordion is working on FF and chrome but giving issues on IE7 a hrefhttpbrisbanebox.comdemomultilevelmenuaccordion1.html relnofollowhttpbrisbanebox.comdemomultilevelmenuaccordion1.htmlap  pClick on 222   then on 999..it collapse to 222 on IE7p  pon ff it still remain openp  pAny help would be appreciatedp  pHere is my JS codep  precodefunction     .toccontent.findli.eachfunction         var lithis         ifli.findgt ul.length1             li.addClasscollapsed.findgt a.clickfunctione                  var lithis.parentli, ulli.findgt ul                  ul.toggle                 iful.ishidden                     li.removeClasscollapsed.addClassopened                                  else                     li.removeClassopened.addClasscollapsed                                              var element  new Array  function     lastName  window.location.pathname.split     currentWindowLocation   lastName[lastName.length1]     var fileLocation  a[hrefcurrentWindowLocation]     a[hrefcurrentWindowLocation].parents.mapfunction         element.pushthis              .get      a[hrefcurrentWindowLocation].attrhref,     var arrayLength  element.length      for var i  0 i lt arrayLength i          ifelement[i].tagName  UL ampamp element[i].className.matchsubmenug              element[i].setAttributestyle, displayblock                  ifelement[i].className.matchhaschildreng             element[i].className  haschildren opened                  codepre  pOther issue is with all browsersActually its not issue,p  pWhen try to click on any of parent menu  opens submenu then redirects to relevant HREF,p  pstrongWhat I want is strong  On click it should not open submenu at a first time, When it redirects to new page, it should open at that new pagep
Negative 42922 pI want to classificate transactional data and my table with the data looks as followsp  blockquote   pstrongID  COLUMN1  COLUMN2  COLUMN3strongp      p0  strongAstrong  B  Cp      p0  A  strongDstrong  Cp      p0  E  B  strongCstrongp      p1  A  B  Cp      p1  A  B  Cp      p2  strongAstrong  strongDstrong  Cp      p2  A  B  strongFstrongp      p3  A  D  Cp      p3  strongAstrong  strongBstrong  strongFstrongp      p3  A  B  Cp blockquote  pThe Output should be the following p  blockquote   pstrongID  CLASSIFICATIONstrongp      p0  critical because of the pattern A D Cp      p1  uncritical no conspicuous pattern detectedp      p2  critical A D Fp      p3  critical A D Fp blockquote  pJust a few examples. The patterns can be in one row or in a complete transaction a few rows but one identical IDp  pNow i want to solve the problem with no coding, just with tableview and SQL. i am working on SAP HANA.p  pThe problem is, how to create a calculated column or something else, which searches a transactional data table and classifies one  transaction for example ID 0 as critical, because the pattern ADC occurs p
Negative 42922 pMy html isp  precodeltdiv classrow stylewidth 500pxgt     ltdiv classcolmd1gt         ltdiv classdropup styleposition fixed top 200pxgt             ltbutton classbtn btndanger dropdowntoggle typebutton iddropdownMenu2 datatoggledropdown ariaexpandedtruegt             Dropdown             ltspan classcaretgtltspangt             ltbuttongt             ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenu arialabelledbydropdownMenu2gt                 ltligtlta rolemenuitem hrefgtActionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta rolemenuitem hrefgtAnother lonnnnnnnnnnnnnn actionltagtltligt                 ltligtlta rolemenuitem hrefgtSomething else hereltagtltligt                 ltligtlta rolemenuitem hrefgtSeparated linkltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolmd11gt         ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt             ltdiv classpanelbodygt                 ltpgtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Adipisci enim architecto debitis saepe veritatis, nesciunt neque dolorem reprehenderit Officiis, optio. Ipsum quisquam, ut, nemo cupiditate quaerat laudantium nostrum tempore reiciendis Nisi molestias autem et, aliquid eligendi esse obcaecati aliquam, sed repellat hic qui, consequatur eum explicabo magnam error. Explicabo ex vitae laboriosam dolores molestiae animi, temporibus quam perspiciatis sint ea amet doloremque repudiandae magni placeat porro, delectus laudantium beatae facere, omnis quisquam hic Eum sed qui laboriosam natus dolorem nam vel deserunt excepturi repellat vero odit sapiente optio fugit ratione, minima sequi facilis numquam, ullam hic quo. Nam, atque, voluptatesltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pWhen I run it, the dropdown is under the panel. How can I fix to the panel is under the dropdown button and dropdown menu itemsp
Negative 42922 pI need a wrapper for acdbEntGet and acdbEntGetX in C. These functions are located in accore.dll AutoCAD 2014 and Ive tried thisp  precode[DllImportaccore.dll, CallingConvention  CallingConvention.Cdecl, CharSet  CharSet.Auto, EntryPoint  acdbEntGetX] public static extern IntPtr acdbEntGetXInt64 e, IntPtr app  [DllImportaccore.dll, CallingConvention  CallingConvention.Cdecl, CharSet  CharSet.Auto, EntryPoint  acdbEntGet] public static extern IntPtr acdbEntGetInt64 e codepre  pThe return value a IntPtr is always 0 from both functions. No errors or exceptions.p  pAlmost every ObjectARX C functions are wrapped in the C managed libraries, but those two functions are not. I wonder why.p  pOh, and someone may ask why I need those functions... The answer is that I would like to return a list to Lisp which can be given directly to codeentmakecode without modifications. Thats done with acdbEntGet and acdbEntGetX. Creating the list by hand is an option, but thats not what I want and yes, I know how to create lists in C ObjectARX p  pEdit Here is how these functions are defined in Cp  precodestruct resbuf acdbEntGetX const adsname ent, const struct resbuf args struct resbuf acdbEntGet const adsname ent codepre  pcodestruct resbufcode is a linked list defined in adsdef.hp  precodestruct resbuf                                                            struct resbuf rbnext          short restype         union adsuval resval  codepre  pcodeadsnamecode is an array of two 64bits integers if I remember correctp
Negative 42922 pI have recently replaced stronghttpclient4.3.3.jarstrong to stronghttpclient4.4.1strong and after that I started facing an issue with one of the integration. Initially I was getting an exception 407 proxy authentication required. Somehow I was able to fix proxy issue but now it throws codeHttpHostConnectException connection refusedcode.p  pThe below line of code is working fine with old jar4.3.3 but throws exception with new jar4.4.1p  precodeCloseableHttpResponse response  HttpClients.createDefault.executehttpPost, context codepre  pAnd after changing it to below line of code, It works fine on my local development environment but on our test environment it throws connection refuse errorp  pCloseableHttpResponse response  HttpClients.createMinimalnew BasicHttpClientConnectionManager.executehttpPost, contextp  pException on test environmentp  precodeCaused by org.apache.http.conn.HttpHostConnectException Connect to ditspuacs.accesscontrol.windows.net443 [ditspuacs.accesscontrol.windows.net65.52.67.102] failed Connection refused connect     at org.apache.http.impl.conn.DefaultHttpClientConnectionOperator.connectDefaultHttpClientConnectionOperator.java151     at org.apache.http.impl.conn.BasicHttpClientConnectionManager.connectBasicHttpClientConnectionManager.java338     at org.apache.http.impl.execchain.MinimalClientExec.executeMinimalClientExec.java183     at org.apache.http.impl.client.MinimalHttpClient.doExecuteMinimalHttpClient.java107     at org.apache.http.impl.client.CloseableHttpClient.executeCloseableHttpClient.java82     at com.hm.pdm.core.webservice.client.spur.SpurConnector.refreshTokenBySharedSecretSpurConnector.java116 codepre
Negative 42922 pI am using codePFQueryTableViewControllercode and codeUISearchBarcode. I am not using codeUISearchBarDisplayControllercode. The underlying query is only searching when I write the search string either in lowercase or uppercase. I want to use both. Either you write in lower case or uppercase, it will search. This is my piece of code.p  precodePFQuery queryForTable   PFQuery query  if self.canSearch  0   query  [PFQuery queryWithClassNameUser]   else   query  [PFQuery queryWithClassNameUser]  This is searchbar text.  NSString searchThis  [searchbar.text upercaseString]  NSString searchThis  [searchbar.text lowercaseString]  [query whereKeyusername containsStringsearchThis]    [query orderByAscendingusername]   If Pull To Refresh is enabled, query against the network by default.  if self.pullToRefreshEnabled      query.cachePolicy  kPFCachePolicyNetworkOnly     If no objects are loaded in memory, we look to the cache first to fill the   table  and then subsequently do a query against the network. if self.objects.count  0      query.cachePolicy  kPFCachePolicyCacheThenNetwork     return query   codepre
Negative 42922 pI was wondering, in my directive I inherit data from a parent controller that I pass to my codetemplateURLcode and I then use this data in an codengrepeatcode. Now in my directive is used in different views and depending on where I apply the directive we wish to show and hide various HTML elements in my template using codengifcodep  pmy template is declared like sop  precodeltdiv datalistoutputviewtypegt codepre  pWhere view type can be either products, customers or orders. My template looks like sop  precodeltulgt ltli datangrepeatdata in dataArray track by indexgt      lt here we have some conditions depending on the contents of the data objects we iterate gt ltligt ltulgt codepre  pNow the problem is in each parent controller the object that I use as dataArray has a different name so I must amend this in my directive like sop  precode.directivelistOutput, function           use strict          return              restrict A,             templateUrl myresultstable.html,             link function scope, element, attr               if attr.listOutput  products                  scope.dataArray  scope.products  scope.products [, ...]              else if attr.listOutput  customers                  scope.dataArray  scope.customers              else if attr.listOutput  orders                  scope.dataArray  scope.orders                          codepre  pThe problem is that the directive loads the template before the link function executes, so the codengrepeatcode is empty nothing is shown and should I try to codeconsole.logscope.dataArraycode in the conditions above I get codeundefinedcode. When I wrap a codetimeoutcode everything works and all is well, so my question is why must I wrap the condition in a codetimeoutcode like sop  precodetimeoutfunction    if attr.listOutput  products     scope.dataArray  scope.products  scope.products [, ...]    else if attr.listOutput  customers     scope.dataArray  scope.customers    else if attr.listOutput  orders     scope.dataArray  scope.orders      codepre
Negative 42922 pIve looked around and have been unable to find a complete example for this...br Im pretty stuck and could do with some help asapbr What im trying to do simply is for an item from the BOM table Bill of Materials get its related componentsproducts from BOMVERSION and then for those related componentsproducts get their related components and products etc. down to 7 levels.br I then want to pivot the results so that the related items get put in columns code0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7code  p  pplease see attached example data and code.br Im using dynamics AX 2012 R2 but this example could be applied to any system that uses materialsproducts.br I cannot get my query to complete however... i know i dont have dataareaid and partition ive left out for simplicity the relationship is an itemid from BOM table is related to itemid in BOMVERSION through BOMID.p  pUPDATE  Ive simplified data etc. to make as simpleclear as possible, so materials wood, metal, glass can go into making various products and materials themselves, and can be combined to make products or materials.  Therefore I want to start with a base component, then explode the relationships out by levels... thanks for your helpp  pDDL  DMLp  precode    USE tempdb  IF OBJECTIDtempdb..BOM IS NOT NULL     DROP TABLE BOM  CREATE TABLE BOM            ITEMID NVARCHAR10 ,       BOMID NVARCHAR10 ,       MATERIALNAME NVARCHAR10       INSERT  INTO BOM VALUES   N113621,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N1,   BOMID  nvarchar10           NWood   MATERIALNAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOM VALUES   N234517,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N2,   BOMID  nvarchar10           NMetal   MATERIALNAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOM VALUES   N378654,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N3,   BOMID  nvarchar10           NGlass   MATERIALNAME  nvarchar10             IF OBJECTIDtempdb..BOMVERSION IS NOT NULL     DROP TABLE BOMVERSION  CREATE TABLE BOMVERSION            ITEMID NVARCHAR10 ,       BOMID NVARCHAR10 ,       NAME NVARCHAR20       INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113477,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N1,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NOak   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113608,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N1,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NPine   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113622,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N1,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NWood Table   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113683,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N2,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NAluminium   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113689,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N2,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NSteel   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113693,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N2,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NMetal table   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113694,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N3,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NGlass   NAME  nvarchar10             INSERT  INTO BOMVERSION VALUES   N113695,  ITEMID  nvarchar10           N3,  BOMID  nvarchar10           NGlass BookCase   NAME  nvarchar10             Query  WITH    BOM1           AS  SELECT   B.ITEMID AS BITEMID ,                         BV.ITEMID AS BVITEMID ,                         B.MATERIALNAME ,                         B.BOMID                FROM     BOM AS B                         JOIN BOMVERSION AS BV ON BV.BOMID  B.BOMID              ,         EXPLODE           AS  SELECT   B.BITEMID ,                         B.MATERIALNAME ,                         B.BVITEMID ,                         B.BOMID ,                         0 AS [Level]                FROM     BOM1 AS B                UNION ALL                SELECT   B.BITEMID ,                         E.MATERIALNAME ,                         E.BVITEMID ,                         E.BOMID ,                         [E].[Level]  1                FROM     EXPLODE AS E                         JOIN BOM1 AS B ON B.BOMID  E.BOMID                WHERE    E.Level lt 6   narrowing levels                                      SELECT       FROM    EXPLODE PIVOT  MAXBVITEMID FOR Level IN  [0], [1], [2], [3],                                                          [4], [5], [6], [7]   AS PVTBOM codepre  pOutput to look like img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXVdc4.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pIm using Jasperreport to build a report. I want to include a map, and I realize that the URL used to paint the map is HTTPp  precodehttpmaps.google.commapsapistaticmapcenter43.31567,8.359737ampsize530x270ampzoom15ampmaptyperoadmapampformatpng8ampscale1ampmarkerslabelA7C43.31567,8.359737ampmarkerslabelA7C43.31567,8.359737ampsensorfalseamplanguagees codepre  pI go through the library code and my surprise is that this URL is fixed, you cant stablish if you want to use HTTP or HTTPS.p  pSo, I think that my only solution is to try to map this URL to HTTPS.p  pIs it possible to specify it in Spring or Tomcat In such a way that the real URL wasp  precodehttpsmaps.google.commapsapistaticmapcenter43.31567,8.359737ampsize530x270ampzoom15ampmaptyperoadmapampformatpng8ampscale1ampmarkerslabelA7C43.31567,8.359737ampmarkerslabelA7C43.31567,8.359737ampsensorfalseamplanguagees codepre  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pIve been playing around with OrientDBs default database about Grateful Dead.p  pI am struggling to get equal results from two queries which should deliver the same result. But they do not.p  pquery 1p  precodeselect from  traverse insungby from 98 while depthlt1  where typesong order by rid codepre  pthis means start from the given node, go through all sungby incoming edges not farther than 1 node away, throw away starting vertex.p  pquery 2p  precodeselect expand insungby  from 98 order by rid codepre  pthis means start from the same given vertex, expand accordingly to all incoming sungby edges.p  pI suppose these queries have to return the same result... but i get a different value already at the 4th record. Additionally, if one tries to calculate the total number of records returned, then in the former case that would be 148, and in the latter  150.p  pWhat am I doing wrong Thanks in advance.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pi found the problem, and it is weird. its in the quotation marks of sungby. if its present, queriesp  precodeselect  from  traverse insungby from 98  where typesong codepre  pandp  precodeselect expand insungby  from 98     codepre  pdeliver exactly the same result.p  pI do not understand why it ran without quotation marks in the first place, and secondly I do not understand which records were selected.p
Negative 42922 pI have a codemysqlquerycode to codeselect code from an codeenglishcode list database and codemysqlfetchassoccode returns an  array. I try to search word codeflickcode which actually exists in the database by using codeinarraycode if codeflickcode is found, it shouldnt be shown but it is shown. I think codeinarraycode function does not find the word codeflickcode.  Please look at code belowp  precodeltphp errorreportingEALL require db.php  function spellcheckword  output  array word    mysqlrealescapestringword  words   mysqlquerySELECT word FROM english WHERE LEFTword, 1   .  substrword, 0, 1 .    whilewordsrow  mysqlfetchassocwords ampamp inarrayword, wordsrowfalse        similartextword, wordsrow[word], percent     ifpercent gt 82            output[]  wordsrow[word]            return emptyoutput  false  output     if issetGET[word] ampamp trimGET[word]  null        word  GET[word]     spellcheck  spellcheckword      if spellcheck  false            echo ltpregt . printrspellcheck, true . ltpregt       else        echo ltpgt . word .  spelled correctly, or no suggestions founds.ltpgt         gt ltform action methodGETgt Check single word spelling ltinput typetext nameword gt ltinput typesubmit valueCheck gt  ltformgt codepre  pThe code returnsp  precodeArray      [0] gt flick      [1] gt flicks  codepre  pBut it should bep  precode spelled correctly, or no suggestions founds. codepre
Negative 42922 pI use nginxgunicorn for deploy Django.p  pHere is my nginxconfig Server name and static path was hiddenp  precodeserver  servername ...  accesslog off  location static      alias home...staticfiles   location       proxypass http127.0.0.18000     proxysetheader XForwardedHost servername     proxysetheader XRealIP remoteaddr     addheader P3P CPALL DSP COR PSAa PSDa OUR NOR ONL UNI COM NAV   codepre  pWhen I try to switch language in djangoadmin panel django redirects me to  root. After little research I found that it is because strongdjango.views.i18n.setlanguagestrong has that stringp  precodeif not issafeurlurlnext, hostrequest.gethost             next   codepre  pOf course, strongnext urlstrong is not safe, because gunicorn works on 127.0.0.18000 but it gets myexternalip80 URL.p  pHow to fix it p  pP.S. When I run django developer server and connect directly to it with port specified everything is OK yes, it is not a surprise.p
Negative 42922 pI am creating a migrate and at first table it seems ok but when I created my second migration theres no error but the table is not created.p  pI named my 2 migration class like thisp  precode001inititialschema.php 002createtablequotationheader.php codepre  pThe first one contains thisp  precodeclass MigrationInitialSchema extends CIMigration       public function up           thisgtdbforgegtaddfieldarray              id gt array                 type gt int,                 constraint gt 11,                 unsigned gt true,                 autoincrement gt true             ,              projectname gt array                 type gt varchar,                 constraint gt 100,             ,              description gt array                 type gt text             ,              datecreated gt array                 type gt datetime,             ,              dateupdated gt array                 type gt datetime,             ,              status gt array                 type gt tinyint,                 default gt 1             ,                    thisgtdbforgegtaddkeyid, TRUE         thisgtdbforgegtcreatetableflxproject            public function down          thisgtdbforgegtdroptableflxproject         codepre  pThen the second onep  precode    class CreateTableQuotationHeader extends CIMigration       public function up           thisgtdbforgegtaddfieldarray              id gt array                 type gt int,                 constraint gt 11,                 unsigned gt true,                 autoincrement gt true             ,              projectid gt array                 type gt int,                 constraint gt 11,                 unsigned gt true,             ,              receiver gt array                 type gt varchar,                 constraint gt 100,             ,              address gt array                 type gt text,             ,              attention gt array                 type gt varchar,                 constraint gt 100             ,              referencenumber gt array                 type gt varchar,                 constraint gt 50             ,              dateissued gt array                 type gt date                                 thisgtdbforgegtaddkeyid, TRUE         thisgtdbforgegtcreatetableflxprojectheader            public function down          thisgtdbforgegtdroptableflxprojectheader         codepre  pThen in my controllerp  precodeltphp  class Migrate extends CIController       public function construct          parentconstruct0         thisgtloadgtlibrarymigration           public function index           thisgtloadgthelpertemplate          ifthisgtmigrationgtcurrent              showerrorthisgtmigrationgterrorstring          else              data[message]  migrate success                   renderPagecommonmigrate, data          gt codepre
Negative 42922 pI am using selenium to move a WebElement whose tagName is img, below find the codes that I have used but they all failed p  precodeaction.dragAndDropByweImg,200,200.build.perform codepre  porp  precodeaction.clickAndHoldweImg.moveToElement200,200.release.build.perform codepre  pFrom DOM I noticed that when I move this WebElement some numbers inside its style change, below find its code from DOMp  precode ltimg srciconsblue.png classleafletmarkericon leafletzoomhide leafletclickable leafletmarkerdraggable tabindex0 stylemarginleft 10px margintop 12.5px width 20px height 25px left 466px top 388px zindex 394gt codepre  pHow to fix it  or any other alternativesp
Negative 42922 pIm dealing with a few issues regarding multiple file uploads. My project deals with a form the user inputs multiple images that save to a database, but first temporarily stores the images in a directory to show a preview of sorts.  In my class that deals with the uploading of the image I am trying to rename the images as seen below. p  pIf I upload one image at a time, the previews work and each image is unique with a unique name. However if when I click the upload button and hold control while selecting images ie select multiple images a a time, they all save as the same name and the images that preview show duplicate images of whatever first image I selected. p  pstrongHow do I go about adding like a number corresponding to that sessions amount of pics uploaded likenameofimage1.jpg , nameofimage2.jpg, etc etcstrong p  precodeprotected function handlefileuploaduploadedfile, name, size, type, error,index  null, contentrange  null           file  new stdClass     filegtname  thisgtgenerateuniquefilenamename        ... more code    protected function generateuniquefilenamefilename         extension       if  filename                 extension  pathinfofilename , PATHINFOEXTENSION          if  extension                         extension  . . extension                   filename  getmypid . .time      return filename  codepre
Negative 42922 pHow can I filter datatable rows by class when the row has multiple classes.  I need for the row to appear in any instance when the class list contains the class I filter for.p  precodelttr classgradeAgt...lttrgt lttr classgradeA gradeCgt...lttrgt lttr classgradeCgt...lttrgt codepre  pThe row with codegradeA gradeCcode should appear in both instances.p  pIve tried using code.nTr.className.split code, but it is not working as expected.p  pIve set up a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netlbriquetk6seLxkm relnofollowjsFiddlea. The row with both classes has 1 has BOTH classes in the first column as a marker to help see if appears in both lists.p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netlbriquetk6seLxkm relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netlbriquetk6seLxkmap  pThank you in advance for your helpp
Negative 42922 pI have a Q amp A website where users can ask software related questions.  On the Question page I have a GridView with radio buttons next to each row.  The idea is that the user selects a radio button, then clicks a buttonbtnAnswer at the bottom of the page which transfers them to the answer page.  Using a SESSION, how would I go about selecting that specific question from the database on the Answer pagep  pHere is a small snippet of my code from the Question page keep in mind that everything else on this page is working as intended and is designed for only one radio button to be selected at a timep  precodeprotected void btnAnsweronClickobject sender, EventArgs e      for int i  0 i lt grdAnswer.Rows.Count i              RadioButton rb  RadioButtongrdAnswer.Rows[i].Cells[0].FindControlrbtnAnswer         if rb.Checked                      string link  grdAnswer.Rows[i].Cells[0].Text.ToString             ClientScript.RegisterStartupScriptthis.GetType, open  i, window.open  link                     Session[ButtonClicked]  btnAnswer     Response.RedirectAnswerQuestion.aspxtag  grdAnswer  codepre  pOn the Answer page I need to change my SQL query so I dont have a hardcoded value.  Here is what I have that needs to be changedp  precode This is part of several if statements and is designed so if the btnAnswer was clicked, it makes this GridView visible else if Session[ButtonClicked]  btnAnswer       grdAnswerFromAsk.Visible  true     String connectionString  ServertestDatabasetestdbUserrootPasswordpw      using SqlConnection conn  new SqlConnectionconnectionString               the next line ID 45 is used and needs to be changed so that whatever radio button was selected, that is the question that displays on the Answer page         SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandSELECT Question FROM Questions WHERE QuestionID  45         cmd.Connection  conn         conn.Open         cmd.ExecuteScalar.ToString       codepre
Negative 42922 pI installed the phpjava bridge by following the guide lines given by a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10204116howtocallcustomjavamethodsfromphpthisa. It says to change allowurlonceon i couldnt find such a line in my php.ini, but i change both allowurlfopen  On and allowurlinclude  On but still when i tried to run the below code it gives me an error. p  precodeltphp       requireoncehttplocalhost8080JavaBridgejavaJava.inc       echo javajava.lang.SystemgtgetProperties gt codepre  perror  HTTP Status 500  java.lang.RuntimeException PHP Warning requireonce [function.requireonce] http wrapper is disabled in the server configuration by allowurlinclude0 in CUsersHP USERDownloadsApache Tomcat 7.0.35apachetomcat7.0.35webappsJavaBridgetesttes.php on line 2p
Negative 42922 pIm using Bootstrap 3 panel .im able to expand all and Collapse all the panel but when any one of panel is open need to change the expand all to collapse all and via visa and also when opening one panel  should not collapse other panel. p  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltbutton idexpand classbtn btnprimarygt     expand all ltbuttongt ltbrgt ltbrgt  ltdiv classpanelgroup idaccordiongt     lt First Panel gt     ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt         ltdiv classpanelheadinggt             lth4 classpaneltitle datatogglecollapse datatargetcollapseOnegt                                      Collapsible Group Item 1                                  lth4gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcollapseOne classpanelcollapse collapsegt             ltdiv classpanelbodygt                 Anim pariatur cliche reprehenderit, enim eiusmod high life accusamus terry richardson ad squid.             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt      lt Second Panel gt     ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt         ltdiv classpanelheadinggt             lth4 classpaneltitle datatogglecollapse datatargetcollapseTwogt                                      Collapsible Group Item 2                                  lth4gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcollapseTwo classpanelcollapse collapsegt             ltdiv classpanelbodygt                 Anim pariatur cliche reprehenderit, enim eiusmod high life accusamus terry richardson ad squid.             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt      lt Third Panel gt     ltdiv classpanel paneldefaultgt         ltdiv classpanelheadinggt             lth4 classpaneltitle datatogglecollapse datatargetcollapseThreegt                                      Collapsible Group Item 3                                  lth4gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcollapseThree classpanelcollapse collapsegt             ltdiv classpanelbodygt                 Anim pariatur cliche reprehenderit, enim eiusmod high life accusamus terry richardson ad squid.             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pstrongJQUERYstrongp  precodefunction       var active  true      expand.clickfunction          if active              active  false             .panelcollapse.collapseshow             .paneltitle.attrdatatoggle,              this.textEnable all          else              active  true             .panelcollapse.collapsehide             .paneltitle.attrdatatoggle, collapse             this.textcollapse all                   accordion.onshow.bs.collapse, function          if active accordion .in.collapsehide        codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netj5yqrx8v relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netj5yqrx8vap
Negative 42922 pMy xml herep  precodeltSlider value2 minValue1 maxValue10 gt codepre  pand the print screen, why it doesnt showing min value at beginning and max at ending as well as user sliding value.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOXdNp.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pI have a big TreeSet containing Objects Usuario with some attributes as email, name, etc.p  pNow i would like to extrude from that tree an Object at will. I have tested a String TreeSet and have successfully pulled info out of that tree with an iterator. When i tried to translate this to my other tree it wont work. I used the same logic for both. And the funny thing is that if I add the same Usuario Object my Iterator will find it. I think that it overwrites the Object inserted. But if i dont add that Object, even though it is the same it wont find it. p  pWhat am i doing wrong Are the Hashes not the same TreeSet does not accept duplicates. Why is it that when I replace an Object that was already in the Tree with the same Object, my iterator does find itp  pThis is my main, Leer method reads form a .txt and makes the tree, printarbol just prints it so i know the tree is ok.p  precodepublic static void mainString[] args      GenerateUsers database  new GenerateUsers        database.Leerdatabase.txt     database.printarbol     ImageIcon image  new ImageIcondefault.jpg     Usuario nombre  new UsuarioSharolyn Giusti,sharolyngiustiunam.mx,sharolyngiusti,1188,image,null,null,null,null,null     arbol.agregarNodonombre     System.out.printlnarbol.encontrarNodonombre   codepre  pThis is the Method that i use to see if the Object im looking for exits so that it can return it. p  precodepublic Usuario encontrarNodoUsuario name     System.out.printlnLooking for   name     if arbolusuario.containsname          iterator  arbolusuario.iterator          whileiterator.hasNext             Usuario buscado  Usuario iterator.next                 ifbuscado  name                 return buscado          return null     codepre  pLike i said before, only if i add the Object again, it will find it.p  pif i add the Object that is already there output is Looking for Sharolyn Giusti Sharolyn Giustip  pif i comment the arbol.agregarNodonombre method, witch adds the Object to the Tree. The output is Looking for Sharolyn Giusti nullp
Negative 42922 pIve tried different options but I cant seem to line these up.  Any ideasp  precodeltdiv classrowgt  ltdiv classcolmd6gt     ltdiv classrowgt          ltdiv classprogressgt             ltdiv classprogressbar progressbarstriped active roleprogressbar ariavaluenow55 ariavaluemin0 ariavaluemax100 stylewidth55gt                 55ltspan classsronlygt55 Completeltspangt             ltdivgt          ltdivgt         ltbutton stylemarginleft 20px floatright typebutton classbtnsm btndangergtDANGERltbuttongt      ltdivgt ltdivgt     ltdiv classcolmd6gt.colmd4ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have two branches branchA and branchB. On branchA, I committed several times. Now I want to pack all commits on branchA from sometime and apply to branchB.p  h2Updateh2  pTo my understanding, codemergecode will apply all commits in branchA to branchB, but I just want to pack some commits, say the latest five commits in branchA. p  pAnd I also know that I can use codecherrypickcode to migrate commit one by one, but Id like to pack them.p
Negative 42922 precodepublic static TextArea messagetextnew TextArea  final static String messagetextstylefxborderwidth 5pxfxborderradius 10pxfxborderstyle solidfxbordercolor ff7f7f  private static int timer public static void systemmessageString what,int settimer       timersettimer      messagetext.setTextwhat     messagetext.setStylefxopacity 1messagetextstyle      Platform.runLaternew Runnable                               public void run                                       try                                              Thread.sleeptimer                                          catchInterruptedException ex                                                                 messagetext.setStylefxopacity 0messagetextstyle                                   codepre  pThis code is aimed at a message pop up appearing and then disappearing after a certain amount of time  so that system events can be communicated to the user . This is realized by setting the opacity of a TextArea element so that it becomes visible. The runLater block is responsible for switching the opacity back after a set amount of time.p  pThis is an example where I invoke this methodp  precode        Button saveaspgnbuttonnew Button         saveaspgnbutton.setTextSave as           saveaspgnbutton.setOnActionnew EventHandlerltActionEventgt               Override public void handleActionEvent e                   String pathpgnnametext.getText                  ifpath.lengthgt0                                       MyFile myfilenew MyFilepath                      calcpgn                      myfile.contentpgn                      myfile.writecontent                      Javachessgui.systemmessageSaved to file pathnnContent myfile.content,3000                                          codepre  pThe frightening thing is that it sometimes works, sometimes not. Mostly not, but sometimes when I press the button it works exactly as expected. Or if I run it in debug mode and toggle a breakpoint before systemmessage and then step over it, it always worksp  pWhat is going onp
Negative 42922 precodevar arr[1,2,3,[4,5],6,[7,8,9]],x,j forx in arr    forj in arr[x]        console.logarr[x][j] codepre  pI want to print 1,2,3,...,9 but the above code prints 4,5,7,8,9.p
Negative 42922 pI have a jQuery mobile custom multiselect, but when I select one item we have the list of items on the HTML codeselectcode tag, but it is not updated with the codeselectedcode attribute.p  pa hrefhttpdemos.jquerymobile.com1.0a4docsformsformsselects.html relnofollowUsing the strongMultiple selectsstrong example of the pageap  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltdiv datarolefieldcontain classuifieldcontain uibody uibrgt   ltlabel forselectchoice9 classselect uiselectgt     Choose shipping methods   ltlabelgt   ltdiv classuiselectgt     lta href rolebutton ariahaspopuptrue datathemec classuibtn uibtniconright uibtncornerall uishadow uibtnupcgt       ltspan classuibtninner uibtncornerallgt         ltspan classuibtntextgt           Rush 3 days, Express next day         ltspangt         ltspan classuiicon uiiconarrowd uiiconshadowgtltspangt       ltspangt       ltspan classuilicount uibtnupc uibtncornerall stylegt         2       ltspangt     ltagt      ltselect nameselectchoice9 idselectchoice9 multiplemultiple datanativemenufalse tabindex1gt       ltoptiongtChoose optionsltoptiongt       ltoption valuestandardgtStandard 7 dayltoptiongt       ltoption valuerushgtRush 3 daysltoptiongt       ltoption valueexpressgtExpress next dayltoptiongt       ltoption valueovernightgtOvernightltoptiongt     ltselectgt   ltdivgt ltdivgtcodepre div div p  pIs there a way for making it add the codeselectedcode attribute by default p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to add PassSlot into my project, but it says it cant find the .h file. Im following everything correctly from here a hrefhttpsgithub.compassslotpassslotiossdk relnofollowhttpsgithub.compassslotpassslotiossdkap  pIs this an Xcode 7 problem It was working fine and now that I opened the project in Xcode 7, it is giving me this problem. I reopened it on Xcode 6 and it starts showing the problem as well.p
Negative 42922 pIf I wanted to generate code that looks like thisp  precodeCALL FUNC0 CALL FUNC1 CALL FUNC2 CALL FUNC3 CALL FUNC4 CALL FUNC5 ... CALL FUNC19 codepre  pHow can I use a repeat block generate such code, using something similar to the code belowp  precode.equ SYMBOL, 0 .rept 20    CALL FUNCSMYBOL    .equ SYMBOL, SYMBOL1 .endr codepre  pMacros are fine too.p  pId like to know how to do this in C as well.p
Negative 42922 pI have a MySQL table with a field varchar with a default value like ffffff. p  pTo use this default I know that I can use a snippet like thisp  precodeitemdetails  thisgtrequestgtdata unsetitemdetails[Item][position] thisgtItemgtcreate thisgtItemgtsaveitemdetails codepre  p... in which codeunsetcode and codecreatecode are used to reset a field and use the default value. p  pemWhat I dont understandem I mostly dont work in the ModelsControllers, because I use cake bake for strongscaffoldingstrong automatically building Models and Controllers and try to work only on the Views templates, ctp. How do I implement such a special handling and prevent the overwriting of the code while scaffolding via cake bake I was searching for a possibility to put this into the config area, but have not found any helpful information about this.p  pMaybe theres another idea for a solution to use MySQL default values, when the form input field is empty.p  pTheres said, that scaffolding is only effective in early project states  this is an early project state.  p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pHere MyDbContextp  precodepublic partial class MyDbContext  DbContext      private readonly string complex     static MyDbContext              Database.SetInitializerltMyDbContextgtnull          public MyDbContextstring complex          baseNameMyDbContext              complex  complex         this.Configuration.LazyLoadingEnabled  false         this.Configuration.ProxyCreationEnabled  false         this.Configuration.AutoDetectChangesEnabled  false         this.Configuration.ValidateOnSaveEnabled  false         Database.CommandTimeout  300          public DbSetltUnitgt Units  get set      protected override void OnModelCreatingDbModelBuilder modelBuilder              modelBuilder.Configurations.Addnew UnitMapcomplex       codepre  pWhen the user logs in, I need to update mapping on runtime. I create a new instance MyDbContext but always coming same values.p  pFor Example I have two complex value in project Noosl and Canadap  precodenew MyDbContextNOOSL.Units.ToList codepre  pRaw Query  Select  From NOOSLUnitp  precodenew MyDbContextCANADA.Units.ToList codepre  pRaw Query  Select  From NOOSLUnit    Problem is herep  pAlways coming first complex values.DbContext metadata not changed. Is it possible to do this with Ef CodeFirst Can someone helpp
Negative 42922 pI have this strange horizontal line across the my gradient div. It is only showing in Safari and only on retina displays and I cant figure out why. Has anyone else had this problemp  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv classimggradient2gtltdivgt codepre  pCSSp  precode.imggradient2      position absolute     width 100     height 100     background mozlineargradienttop,  rgba0,0,0,0 26, rgba0,0,0,0.01 27, rgba0,0,0,0.5 68, rgba0,0,0,0.6 100  FF3.6      background webkitlineargradienttop,  rgba0,0,0,0 26,rgba0,0,0,0.01 27,rgba0,0,0,0.5 68,rgba0,0,0,0.6 100  Chrome,Safari4      background olineargradienttop,  rgba0,0,0,0 26,rgba0,0,0,0.01 27,rgba0,0,0,0.5 68,rgba0,0,0,0.6 100  Opera 11.10      background mslineargradienttop,  rgba0,0,0,0 26,rgba0,0,0,0.01 27,rgba0,0,0,0.5 68,rgba0,0,0,0.6 100  IE10      background lineargradientto bottom,  rgba0,0,0,0 26,rgba0,0,0,0.01 27,rgba0,0,0,0.5 68,rgba0,0,0,0.6 100  W3C      filter progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient startColorstr00000000, endColorstr99000000,GradientType0   IE69   codepre
Negative 42922 pIm somewhat new to EF, and trying to make an UPDATE method in REST style that will take one or more properties in an object and update the database with just those I passed in.p  pI have the code below working for several types.  However, i recently added System.Decimal, and am getting an error that I cant use the Property method because my decimal field is not a Primitive or complex type.  The error occurs on the following linep  precode pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true codepre  pThe actual error message isp  pAdditional information The property Miles on type Appointment is not a primitive or complex property. The Property method can only be used with primitive or complex properties. Use the Reference or Collection method.p  pMy property Miles is an 18,2 decimal in SQL and decimal on the EF class as well as my data model class.p  pIve spent two days searching for any clues or solutions, but got nowhere.  Help me obi wan kenobi, youre my only hope...p  precode    [ResponseTypetypeofvoid]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt PutAppointmentint id,[FromBody] DTO.Appointment appointment               Check for invalid model and mismatched ID         if ModelState.IsValid return BadRequestModelState          if id  appointment.AppointmentID  return BadRequest            Create and populate an Appointment Entity which we will use for saving our data later         Appointment tempAppt  new Appointment         tempAppt.AppointmentID  appointment.AppointmentID         db.Appointments.AttachtempAppt         var pt  db.EntrytempAppt           Loop through all the properties on the object that was passed into this method           and update the Entity with any that were provided.         foreach PropertyInfo propertyInfo in appointment.GetType.GetProperties                      if propertyInfo.CanRead                              switch propertyInfo.PropertyType.ToString                                      case System.Int32                         if intpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment  1                                                      pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.CurrentValue  intpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment                             pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true                                                  break                     case System.Decimal                         if decimalpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment  1                                                      propertyInfo.SetValueappointment, decimalpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment                             pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true                                                  break                     case System.String                         if stringpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment  NONE                                                      pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.CurrentValue  stringpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment                             pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true                                                  break                     case System.DateTime                         if DateTimepropertyInfo.GetValueappointment  new DateTime2099, 1, 1                                                      pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.CurrentValue  DateTimepropertyInfo.GetValueappointment                             pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true                                                  break                     case System.TimeSpan                         if TimeSpanpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment  new TimeSpan0                                                      pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.CurrentValue  TimeSpanpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment                             pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true                                                  break                     case System.Nullable1[System.Guid]                     case System.Guid                         if GuidpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment  new Guid00000000000000000000000000000000                                                      pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.CurrentValue  GuidpropertyInfo.GetValueappointment                             pt.PropertypropertyInfo.Name.IsModified  true                                                  break                                        codepre
Negative 42922 pI am new to web app development. The pyhton file which displays Hello World in the browser isp  precodeimport webapp2  class MainHandlerwebapp2.RequestHandler     def getself         self.response.writeHello World  app  webapp2.WSGIApplication[, MainHandler ], debugTrue codepre  pWhat I couldnt understand is the function of the line p  blockquote   papp  webapp2.WSGIApplication[, MainHandler       ], debugTruep blockquote  pI have searched the net for the answer but failed to get a satisfactory answer. It would be great if anyone would explain it considering I am a beginner.p
Negative 42922 pI have a restful api and the workflow of integration test cases is that we build the project  Then start a tomcat using maven on a predefined port  Deploy the built war on that tomcat instance and then maven runs the integration test cases with respect to that war. Build is succeeded only if the unit as well as integration test cases pass. I want to generate code coverage report for integration as well unit test cases. Though Jacoco is correctly generating report for unit test cases but it is not generating the correct report for integration test cases . As in all the folders are shown with zero percent coverage.p  precodeltplugingt       ltgroupIdgtorg.jacocoltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtjacocomavenpluginltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt0.7.4.201502262128ltversiongt       ltexecutionsgt             ltexecutiongt                   ltidgtdefaultreportltidgt                   ltphasegtpreparepackageltphasegt                   ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtreportltgoalgt                   ltgoalsgt             ltexecutiongt             ltexecutiongt                   ltidgtpreunittestltidgt                   ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtprepareagentltgoalgt                   ltgoalsgt                   ltconfigurationgt                         ltdestFilegtbasedirtargetjacocounit.execltdestFilegt                         ltpropertyNamegtsurefireArgLineltpropertyNamegt                   ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutiongt             ltexecutiongt                   ltidgtpostunittestltidgt                   ltphasegttestltphasegt                   ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtreportltgoalgt                   ltgoalsgt                   ltconfigurationgt                         ltdataFilegtbasedirtargetjacocounit.execltdataFilegt                         ltappendgttrueltappendgt                   ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutiongt             ltexecutiongt                   ltidgtpreintegrationtestltidgt                   ltphasegtpreintegrationtestltphasegt                   ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtprepareagentintegrationltgoalgt                   ltgoalsgt                   ltconfigurationgt                         ltdestFilegtbasedirtargetjacocoit.execltdestFilegt                         ltpropertyNamegtfailsafeArgLineltpropertyNamegt                   ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutiongt             ltexecutiongt                   ltidgtpostintegrationtestltidgt                   ltphasegtverifyltphasegt                   ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtreportltgoalgt                   ltgoalsgt                   ltconfigurationgt                         ltincludesgt                         ltincludesgt                         ltdataFilegtbasedirtargetjacocoit.execltdataFilegt                         ltoutputDirectorygtbasedirtargetsitejacocoitltoutputDirectorygt                   ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutiongt       ltexecutionsgt ltplugingt codepre  pOn failsafe plugin p  precodeltplugingt       ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtmavenfailsafepluginltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt2.17ltversiongt       ltconfigurationgt             ltincludesgt                   ltincludegtIT.javaltincludegt             ltincludesgt             ltargLinegtfailsafeArgLineltargLinegt             ltskipTestsgtfalseltskipTestsgt       ltconfigurationgt       ltexecutionsgt             ltexecutiongt                   ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtintegrationtestltgoalgt                         ltgoalgtverifyltgoalgt                   ltgoalsgt                   ltconfigurationgt                         ltincludesgt                               ltincludegtIT.javaltincludegt                         ltincludesgt                   ltconfigurationgt             ltexecutiongt       ltexecutionsgt ltplugingt codepre
Negative 42922 pI have gone through many questoions but none of them snaswers my query. I am trying to load initial window programmatically Here is what I have done.p  pI have added main.swift asp  precodeimport Cocoa  private func runApplication     application NSApplication          NSApplication.sharedApplication,     delegate NSApplicationDelegate    AppDelegate,     bundle NSBundle                    NSBundle.mainBundle,     nibName String                     MainMenu,     var topLevelObjects NSArray       nil          setApplicationDelegateapplication, delegate   private func setApplicationDelegateapplication NSApplication, delegate NSApplicationDelegate gt NSApplication      if let delegate  delegate          application.delegate  delegate          return application   runApplication codepre  pAppdelegate.swift isp  precodeimport Cocoa  NSApplicationMain class AppDelegate NSObject, NSApplicationDelegate      var appControlAppFlow     func applicationDidFinishLaunchingaNotification NSNotification             func applicationWillTerminateaNotification NSNotification           Insert code here to tear down your application          override init                   self.appControl  AppFlow         super.init          codepre  pAnd in AppFlow I am trying to load window controller from storyboard.p  precodeimport Cocoa  class AppFlow     let initialStoryBoardNSStoryboard     override init          self.initialStoryBoard  NSStoryboardname Main , bundle  nil         super.init         var windowController  self.initialStoryBoard.instantiateControllerWithIdentifiermainWindow as NSWindowController         windowController.window.makeKeyAndOrderFrontnil             codepre  pBut I am not able to launch initial window controller and view controller. App starts and terminates automatically, no window is presented to user.p  pWhat I am doing wrong Thanks for your help.p
Negative 42922 pWhat is the terminology for each expression in the following class p  pfor e.g p  precodeclass Test      int a0     void methodboolean boo         String b         try                      new Thread.sleep1000                  catchInterruptedException e         JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull,test         BufferedImage imageImageIO.readnew FileCfile.png       codepre  pFrom what i know codeacode is a emfieldem, codeboocode is a emparameterem, codebcode and codeimagecode are emlocal variablesem.p  pWhat is the terminology used for p  ol licodenew Thread.sleepcodeli licodeJOptionPane.showMessageDialogcodeli licodeImageIO.readcodeli licodenew Filecodeli licodeInterruptedExceptioncodeli ol
Negative 42922 pI am using Xampp for developing a web using php and MySQL. I am new in this and when I am starting the admin of my Apache and MySQL it gives me an error i.e.p  precode[Fiddler] The socket connection to localhost failed.  ErrorCode 10061. No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it 127.0.0.180 codepre  pHow can I fix this errorp  pmy error log isp  precode[Wed Jun 24 010256.435415 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 2460tid 388] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010256.872940 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 2460tid 388] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010256.966694 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2460tid 388] AH00455 Apache2.4.12 Win32 OpenSSL1.0.1l PHP5.5.24 configured  resuming normal operations [Wed Jun 24 010256.966694 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2460tid 388] AH00456 Apache Lounge VC11 Server built Jan 28 2015 164840 [Wed Jun 24 010256.966694 2015] [corenotice] [pid 2460tid 388] AH00094 Command line Cxamppapachebinhttpd.exe d Cxamppapache [Wed Jun 24 010256.997952 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2460tid 388] AH00418 Parent Created child process 2816 Apache server shutdown initiated... slwarn] [pid 2816tid 396] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010259.326174 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 2816tid 396] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010259.654315 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2816tid 396] AH00354 Child Starting 150 worker threads. [Wed Jun 24 010802.534498 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 1396tid 408] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010802.675145 2015] [corewarn] [pid 1396tid 408] AH00098 pid file Cxamppapachelogshttpd.pid overwritten  Unclean shutdown of previous Apache run [Wed Jun 24 010802.862638 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 1396tid 408] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010802.940762 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 1396tid 408] AH00455 Apache2.4.12 Win32 OpenSSL1.0.1l PHP5.5.24 configured  resuming normal operations [Wed Jun 24 010802.940762 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 1396tid 408] AH00456 Apache Lounge VC11 Server built Jan 28 2015 164840 [Wed Jun 24 010802.940762 2015] [corenotice] [pid 1396tid 408] AH00094 Command line cxamppapachebinhttpd.exe d Cxamppapache [Wed Jun 24 010802.987647 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 1396tid 408] AH00418 Parent Created child process 3988 [Wed Jun 24 010805.237745 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 3988tid 412] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010805.612764 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 3988tid 412] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 010805.706523 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 3988tid 412] AH00354 Child Starting 150 worker threads. [Wed Jun 24 013146.976420 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2460tid 388] AH00422 Parent Received shutdown signal  Shutting down the server. [Wed Jun 24 013149.007777 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2816tid 396] AH00364 Child All worker threads have exited. [Wed Jun 24 013149.648419 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2460tid 388] AH00430 Parent Child process 2816 exited successfully. [Wed Jun 24 114007.275528 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 2984tid 396] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 114007.619288 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 2984tid 396] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 114009.650651 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2984tid 396] AH00455 Apache2.4.12 Win32 OpenSSL1.0.1l PHP5.5.24 configured  resuming normal operations [Wed Jun 24 114009.650651 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2984tid 396] AH00456 Apache Lounge VC11 Server built Jan 28 2015 164840 [Wed Jun 24 114009.650651 2015] [corenotice] [pid 2984tid 396] AH00094 Command line cxamppapachebinhttpd.exe d Cxamppapache [Wed Jun 24 114009.666277 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 2984tid 396] AH00418 Parent Created child process 1392 [Wed Jun 24 114011.400745 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 1392tid 396] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 114011.682008 2015] [sslwarn] [pid 1392tid 396] AH01909 www.example.com4430 server certificate does NOT include an ID which matches the server name [Wed Jun 24 114011.807018 2015] [mpmwinntnotice] [pid 1392tid 396] AH00354 Child Starting 150 worker threads. codepre
Negative 42922 pIm trying to test React.js with testdom, which requires jsdom. Im using karma with browserify. jsdom cannot be browserified, so Id like to ignore it.p  pThe problem I have is trying to do this from within the karma.config.js file.p  precodebrowserify      debug true,     transform [       babelify     ],     ignore [] or  or...   , codepre
Negative 42922 pIs there a solution for this in CloudKit JS I have not been able to write a successful query to even get the ID of a Record. p  pThe question in this link was here before, it is related if youd like to take a look. p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions31037042howtoqueryformetadataincloudkitjsHow to query for Metadata in CloudKit JSap
Negative 42922 pi have published Wordpress Website from almost 2 years and lately i didnt do anything new to it p  pnow i cant access the website telling me error 403 forbidden , i have tried to edit or change code.htaccesscode but i failed and it told me that the operation not permitted and also i have tried to delete it to upload another code.htaccesscode , i found that as soon as i delete code.htaccesscode it regenerate itself so i cant delete , modify or replace it . any help will be apperciatedp
Negative 42922 pIn Cequel this is my model for RoR,p  precodeclass Fileinfo   include CequelRecord    key fileid, timeuuid, auto true   column filepath, text, index gt true   set test, int    timestamps end codepre  pRails scaffold generates the form which is used for new,create apis like thisp  precode ltdiv classfieldgt     lt f.label fileid gtltbrgt     lt f.textfield fileid gt   ltdivgt   ltdiv classfieldgt     lt f.label filepath gtltbrgt     lt f.textfield filepath gt   ltdivgt    ltdiv classfieldgt     lt f.label test gtltbrgt     lt f.textfield test gt   ltdivgt codepre  pWhen i start the rails4 server, I get a error for the testSet Datatype field undefined method tos for Set  at this line in the rails form   lt f.textfield test .p  pEven if i define the method tos the issue persists. Any idea where and how the tos method needs to be defined here.p
Negative 42922 pIve started a new project in java using the selenium API, Im needing to add an extension to the chromedriver the only thing is Im needing to add an extension such as adblocker. Now Ive looked at a few things on google and the code Ive found gives me an error. Now excuse me if Im being silly but Ive missed out a lot of basics on java and was wondering if anyone could help me out on this heres what I havep  precodeChromeOptions options  new ChromeOptions options.addExtensionsnew Fileadblock.crx options.setBinarynew Filechromedriver.exe  ChromeDriver driver  new ChromeDriveroptions driver.gethttpwww.google.com codepre  pbut on the line  p  precodeoptions.addExtensionsnew Fileadblock.crx codepre  pI am getting the error The method addExtensionsFile[] in the type ChromeOptions is not applicable for the arguments Filep  pWhy is it saying this p  pI have also tried this but the error is the samep  precodeChromeOptions options  new ChromeOptions options.addExtensionsnew Fileadblock.crx DesiredCapabilities capabilities  new DesiredCapabilities capabilities.setCapabilityChromeOptions.CAPABILITY, options ChromeDriver driver  new ChromeDrivercapabilities codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a button on a page which calls the process function within a controller but before I post the details I need to get the  user details and userGroup details, and finally  post the user details.p  pBut when I debug this I can see my populateUserGroups function is called but without getting the details the updateUser function is called hence the posted data does not have the userGroup data.p  pIt seems the populateUserGroups function is called asynchronously, how can I make sure when users click the Process button, first stronggetDatastrong is called, then strongpopulateUserGroupsstrong is called and strongscope.user.userGroupsstrong is populated with the returned data and finally strongupdateUserstrong is calledp  precode    scope.process  function           myservice.getDatascope.userId.successfunction data                   scope.user  data.value                 scope.user.userGroups                    scope.populateUserGroups                 scope.updateUser                     scope.populateUserGroups  function           myservice.getUserGroupsscope.userId.successfunction groupData              scope.user.userGroups  groupData                    scope.updateUser  function          myservice.updateUserscope.user.successfunction                 do stuff                  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm working on putting together a a hrefhttpweb.stanford.edumwaskomsoftwareseaborngeneratedseaborn.FacetGrid.html relnofollowSeaborn facetgrida with data that leaves some grids empty.  Furthermore, Im annotating each facet with some statistics, however Im not sure how to skip the empty facets so that the annotations fall on the proper facet.p  pcodeg.axes.flatcode is of length 9 9 facets have data however when I place an annotation on each element in codeg.axes.flatcode, it isnt being placed where I expect.p  precodeg  sns.FacetGridmapping, coloptions.facetCol, rowoptions.facetRow, colordersortedcols, hueoptions.group, sharexFalse g  g.mapsns.distplot, options.axis   label each facet with stats grouped  mapping.groupby[options.facetRow, options.facetCol] for ax, name, df in zipg.axes.flat, grouped     df2  df.groupbyoptions.group  group by each thing that has its own color and run stats on it      for i, group, data in enumeratedf2         x  data[options.axis]           calculate stats and create label         n  lenx         mean  np.meanx         std  np.stdx         label  rs ns, mu.2f sigma.2f group, n, mean, std         ax.annotatelabel, xy0.05,0.9i0.05, xycoordsaxes fraction, haleft, size8 codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comvnSRb.png altenter image description herep  h1EDITh1  pIve created an annotation function and Im passing it to the codemapcode [as recommended] however Im uncertain how to pass label names to the function and how to get the annotations there are two for each facet to shift in the y direction.  Any more suggestionsp  precodeg  g.mapstats, options.axis  def statsx, kwargs     ax  sns.distplotx, kwargs       calculate stats and create label     n  lenx     mean  np.meanx     std  np.stdx     label  rs ns, mu.2f sigma.2f moo, n, mean, std  temporary label, need to pass it through function     i  1  temporary, needs to increment to shift annotations so they arent on top of each other       create annotation     ax.annotatelabel, xy0.05,0.9i0.05, xycoordsaxes fraction, haleft, size8 codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtO54D.png altenter image description herep
Negative 42922 pI am trying to parse a webpage but am having difficulty in getting the information coming through.p  pI have a simple button which navigate to a website in a worksheetp  precodePrivate Sub SellitClick Dim IE As Object Dim HTMLDoc As HTMLDocument Dim oHTMLElement As IHTMLElement  Set IE  CreateObjectInternetexplorer.Application IE.Visible  True apiShowWindow IE.hwnd, SWMAXIMIZE IE.navigate httpswww.yahoo.com Do Loop Until IE.ReadyState  READYSTATECOMPLETE DoEvents  Scrape  End Sub codepre  pWhile the function Scrape in a modulep  precodeFunction Scrape  Dim IE As Object Dim HTMLDoc As HTMLDocument Dim oHTMLElement As IHTMLElement  MsgBox IE.document.Title  End Function codepre  pI kinda think i know the problem here is the IE doesnt go from the worksheet to the module and vise versa but am not quite sure how to fix it.p  pyour help will be much apperciatedp
Negative 42922 pI have strongASP.NET MVC 5strong web project with strongE.F. 6.1.3.strong I use strongIDbSetstrong and its method strongAddstrong to insert new data in my database. I also use context to save changes.p  precodeprotected IDbSetltTgt DbSet  get set  public DbContext Context  get set   private void InsertT item              this.DbSet.Additem         Context.SaveChanges      codepre  pWhen i insert new strongitemstrong in database  Is there any strongequivalentstrong way in this interface to Sql strongCommand.ExecuteScalarstrong  In other words strongi need to get the Idstrong of newly inserted item my Id is first column and first row in current table.p
Negative 42922 precode  public class CompanyServlet extends HttpServlet       private static final long serialVersionUID  1L  private static org.apache.log4j.Logger  log  Logger.getLoggerCompany.class     This string holds the filename of the file.   String fileName  null Details detailsById  null      Page page  null String date  null HttpServletRequest request  null     This holds the bytes of the file to be written .   Workbook wb  null  public void doGetHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException      doPostrequest, response   public HttpServletRequest getRequest      return request   public void setRequestHttpServletRequest request      this.request  request    public void doPostHttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws ServletException, IOException        codepre  pThe class CompanyServlet is a singleton, so the member field request is shared between users. The result is that one user could see another users data. How to avoid this problem.p
Negative 42922 pI am displaying some info. within a codelistViewcode with custom adapter.But getting last row clipped in codeListViewcode.The issue arises only in codelollipop devicescode like codeMoto Gcode with codelollipopcode and so on.With other devices its perfect.p  precodeltListView         androidididplayerList         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightmatchparent         androidlayoutbelowidupperContainer         androiddividercolorwhite         androiddividerHeight10dp         androidscrollbarsnone          gt codepre  pThemep  precodeltstyle nameAppBaseTheme parentstyleTheme.AppCompat.Lightgt    ltstyle nameMyTheme parentAppThemegt         ltitem nameactionBarStylegtstyleMyActionBarltitemgt         ltitem nameandroidactionBarStylegtstyleMyActionBarltitemgt  ltstylegt codepre
Negative 42922 pC11, multiplatform code, threads with codestdthreadcode. I have one open file and multiple threads that have to read from it.p  pPremise at first I only had one string that held the path to the file, then each new thread opened the file, read from it, then closed it. This worked well but at some point I realized it was maybe a bit slow for my purpose. So I now have a codeFILEcode that is opened in the class constructor and closed in the destroy, and multiple threads reading from the same file. Only reading, no writing.p  pI know this has been long discussed in other questions, but I havent found an answer to my specific questions, that arep  p1 is it safe to do so 2 is it actually faster to have multiple threads accessing the same handler rather than having each thread doing the openclose tasks 3 can the O.S. interfere in some way with my threadsp  pSome example codep  pBEFORE thread openscloses the filep  precodevoid continuePreloadint sn, unsigned long ByteSize       Open file     FILE fpFile  fopenopenFile, rb      Seek position     fseekfpFile, WavePointers[sn]  preloadByteSize[sn], SEEKSET      Read portion     freadampSampleData[sn][preloadByteSize[sn]  sizeofshort], 1, ByteSize  preloadByteSize[sn], fpFile      Close file     fclosefpFile  codepre  pNOW thread accesses an already open filep  precodevoid continuePreloadint sn, unsigned long ByteSize       No need to openclose the file again, just seek the position...     fseekopenFP, WavePointers[sn]  preloadByteSize[sn], SEEKSET      And read the desired data     freadampSampleData[sn][preloadByteSize[sn]  sizeofshort], 1, ByteSize  preloadByteSize[sn], openFP  codepre
Negative 42922 pI have a string containing html elements, now I need to select some elements and remove them from the string. In JQuery I tried the followingp  precodehtmlstring  ltulgtltli datadeletegtAltligtltligtBltligtltulgt htmlcleanstring  htmlstring.remove[datadelete].html codepre  pThis is what I expectedp  precodeltulgtltligtBltligtltulgt codepre  pBut I got the same original string. So how can I use CSS selectors to remove html elements from a stringp
Negative 42922 pFor the code below compiler gives a null pointer exception when using the read function. I want to display, whatever the user types, on the screen. Secondly the read function returns an int, but I want to display the string that user types, Would this display the string or is this any method that I would have to use to display the String      p  precodeThis part is in the main method. InputStream objnew Taskt int c     try          whilecobj.read1             System.out.printc           This one is another class.  class Task extends InputStream byte[] content int num0 public TaskJTextField t     t.addKeyListenernew KeyAdapter          public void keyPressedKeyEvent e             ife.getKeyCodee.VKENTER                 contentt.getText.getBytes                 t.setText                          super.keyPressede                 public int read     ifnumgtcontent.length         return 1          else return content[num]  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm struggling to identify the cause of 404s when using the Symfony2 profiler. Im using Symfony 2.3 LTS.p  pI have the profiler enabled on our development environments and the issue is reproducible across several developer machines. Our configuration for the profiler isp  precodeframework     profiler         dsn memcachedlocalhost11211         enabled true         lifetime 86400  Keep profiles for a day at most codepre  pOn some  but not all  pages we are seeing an error as followsp  precodeThe page at httpslocal.dev says  An error occurred while loading the web debug toolbar 404 Not Found.  Do you want to open the profiler  OK  Cancel codepre  pThere are 5 404 requests for codehttpslocal.devwdtlttokengtcode and clicking Cancel takes us to a Token not found page at codehttpslocal.devprofilerlttokengtcodep  pIve tried stepping through the code and so far have determinedp  ul liIf I place a breakpoint in the a hrefhttpsgithub.comsymfonysymfonyblob2.3srcSymfonyComponentHttpKernelEventListenerProfilerListener.phpL139 relnofollowcodeProfilerListenercode at codeonKernelResponsecodea I can identify the unique parent token.li liAfter codethisgtsaveProfilesprofilecode, I can manually query memcached using telnet for the token and receive the expected serialised array.li liIf I step through the code, I eventually find myself in codeTraceableEventDispatchercode. In codesaveInfoInProfilecode there is a loop over the children items of the profile which calls a hrefhttpsgithub.comsymfonysymfonyblob2.3srcSymfonyComponentHttpKernelDebugTraceableEventDispatcher.phpL348 relnofollowcodethisgtsaveInfoInProfilechild, truecodea. There are 6 children items in my case here, and the first 5 are persisted as expected.li liAfter 5 iterations of codesaveInfoInProfilecode the original token can be retrieved via telnet and still appears.li liOn the 6th last iteration, a call is made in a hrefhttpsgithub.comsymfonysymfonyblob2.3srcSymfonyComponentHttpKernelProfilerMemcachedProfilerStorage.phpL79 relnofollowcodeMemcachedProfilerStoragecode to codethisgtgetMemcachedgtsetkey, value, time  expirationcodea. li listrongBeforestrong this call is made, I can still retrieve the original token via telnet.li ul  pHowever, strongafterstrong this call is made, the telnet request for the original token returns empty. The key for this call is distinct from the original token, so it is not being overwritten.p  pThis in turn triggers the 404 error Im seeing client side.p  pSome additional potentially useful informationp  ul liThe toolbar does work on some pages. Its pages within our admin interface that are having 404 toolbar errors.li liWere using ESI and using Twig.li liWere making calls to code rendercontrollerABundleAControlleranAction, someparams codeli liEliminating strongonestrong of the render methods from one of our Twig templates resolves the issue.li liReinstating that render method and commenting out a different one will also resolve the issue. Implying there are too many children or too much data or something similar.li ul  pWhat could be causing this issue How would I identify a fixp  pAs an aside, using the FileProfiler works correctly.p  pThank you for any assistancep
Negative 42922 pIm using the Instagram Api. To retrieve the access token, I use the method with the parameter code. From this code parameter, I can build a url which will returns me the access token.p  pExample  p  precodehttpsinstagram.comoauthauthorizeclientidCODEIDampredirecturimyredirecturlampresponsetypecode codepre  pWhen I reach this URL through my web browser, after a redirection by Instagram, it returns to a web service I created. Then, my access token is stored.p  pHow can I automatize this in PHP p  pThis example doesnt work p  precodeexeccurl httpsinstagram.comoauthauthorizeclientidCODEIDampredirecturimyredirecturlampresponsetypecode codepre  pHow can I handle the redirection by Instagramp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pIm in the process to create my first a hrefhttpsgithub.comStwisselnoderedcontribobjectcleaner relnofollowNodeRED contributiona. The node will clean an incoming object based on a sample object provided in the editor. Im using the codeRED.editorcode and the codeRED.librarycode.p  pIm wondering if I need to declare a dependency in my package file. Currently it looks like thisp  precode     name          noderedcontribobjectcleaner,     version       0.0.1,     description   Removes properties from incoming payload object, that are not in a template object,     dependencies  Do I need anything here      ,     keywords [ nodered, validation, flow ],     nodered               nodes              objectcleaner objectcleanerobjectcleaner.js                codepre  pWhat, if anything, goes into the dependencies I know I will put node.js dependencies there, but do I need to list the editorlibraryp
Negative 42922 pI am not sure why, but I am getting a 404 when ever I hit my pages, here is my rewritep  precoderewrite dashboard. dashboardindex.htmlpath1 codepre  pWorksp  precodedashboard codepre  pDoesnt work gives 404p  precodedashboardpage1 dashboardpage2 codepre  pIs there something wrong with my rewritep  pHere is my server file, the coderewritecode is in the codeincludecodep  precodeserver     listen 80      servername    cleep.us www.cleep.us     root           usrsharenginxhtmlcleep.uspublic     index          index.html index.php      location           tryfiles uri uri index.html         include usrsharenginxconfcleep.us.conf       codepre  pError from logp  blockquote   p20150713 015300 [error] 147120 9613 open usrsharenginxhtmlcleep.uspublicindex.html failed 2 No such file or directory    , client 24.197.220.192, server cleep.us, request GET dashboardclicks HTTP1.1, host cleep.usp blockquote
Negative 42922 pIm doing WordPress functional testing so I read the HTML and use MastermindHTML5 to transform the test. However, the tests now are getting slow because loading HTML document takes around 1s per test. Id like to share the fixture between tests so I dont have to do the parse for each test. But I have one constraint, the method that gets the html from is in the parent class which is nonstatic method p  pa hrefhttpscore.trac.wordpress.orgbrowsertrunktestsphpunitincludestestcase.phprev32953L328 relnofollowhttpscore.trac.wordpress.orgbrowsertrunktestsphpunitincludestestcase.phprev32953L328ap  pWhat choice do I have to share the fixture between tests. p  pHeres my example codep  precodeclass Testcase extends WPUnitTestCase       public function setUp          parentsetUp           public function getdom path           html  thisgtgoto path   I cannot change this method          do some html parsing and return DOM        codepre  pHeres my sample testp  precodeclass Testcase1 extends Testcase       public setUp           thisgtdom  thisgtgetdom            public test1              public test2         codepre  pI was thinking of making the method codegetdomcode static so it will just be called once but as far as I know static method cannot call nonstatic method. Am I correct and if yes is there anyway I could share the fixture between testsp
Negative 42922 pAll of sudden i lost connectivity on all usb port.  it started last week when front usb where i use to charge my phone stopped and i kind of ignored. and now 3 days ago mouse n keyboard stopped. I am a software person with less knowledge in this area. Operation team tried hard to fix but could not. and now asking me to use a complete new system and reinstall everything.dont want to give up this easily. In past stackoverflow genius helped me to fix some hardware issues. I can work n RDP to my box using laptop . and want to give last try . Please suggest . I have uninstalled n reinstalled n update drivers but not detecting .p  pthanksp
Negative 42922 pIs there a way to create slides with tabs such like thisimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2kLP0.png altenter image description here with Html, css and JS maybe there is a tool that you can know that I can change the slide with my fingers I am using Ember.js.  Thanks a lotp
Negative 42922 pI am using angularjs 1.3.15p  pI created a simple directive like thisp  precodemyModule.directivemyContainerDirective, function           return              restrict EA,             transclude true,             template ltdiv ngtranscludegtltdivgt          codepre  pAnd another directive to be transcludedp  precodemyModule.directivemyTranscludedDirective, function           return              restrict EA,             template ltspan idmyId styleleft 2pxgtTHINGltspangt,             compile function element, attributes                   var myChildCompile  angular.elementelement.children[0]                  return                       post function scope, element, attributes                            var myChildPostLink  angular.elementelement.children[0]                           CASE 1 this will work if this directive isnt transcluded                          myChildCompile.onclick, testHandler                           CASE 2 this work in either case transcluded or not                          myChildPostLink.onclick, testHandler                                                                     codepre  pI use them like this only works for CASE 2p  precodeltdiv mycontainerdirectivegt     ltmytranscludeddirectivegtltmytranscludeddirectivegt ltdivgt codepre  pand this works for CASE 1 and 2p  precodeltdivgt     ltmytranscludeddirectivegtltmytranscludeddirectivegt ltdivgt codepre  pIt took me forever to figure out what the problem was.p  pAm I missing something here  p  pWhy does using the variable defined in the compile section not work when the directive is transcluded via the containing directive  p  pIs this a bug in Angularp  pIm guessing that transclusion clones the template, so myChildCompile is not object being used in the link in that case, ie translusion casep  pThanks in advance for any enlightenmentp
Negative 42922 pIm missing the TopLevel project build.gradle script from my projectp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWH2pV.png altenter image description herep  pI imported it into Android Studio from a very complex MavenEclipse project, and it basically made a module android in the top level of the directory, and added all the submodules tappurwear, shared, etc into that original modules directory.p  pI know this is a kind of messed up structure, but theres a lot of other build scripts so I cant really just move all the files into a proper separate module.p  pSo now Im wondering, how do I add a toplevel build.gradle script, for the entire project The usual Android Studio projects Ive seen just have one, but its treating my toplevel build script as the android modules build script. Can I create a new build.script to be the toplevel project script that shares settings with the other modules Is there a way I can rename the toplevel build script that gets used in all other module scripts, in Android Studio or Gradlep
Negative 42922 pI have a variable that is updated every 2 seconds with a new value  speed  , I want to keep saved the highest value . How can I do snipperp  precodevar velocit  spazio  t1     kmh          console.logStai andando a   velocit          document.getElementByIdvelocit.innerHTML  velocit codepre
Negative 42922 blockquote   pThe server port was listening correctly before I invoked this linep blockquote  pcodeSSLSocket socket  SSLSocket ssFactory.createSocketipAddress, portcodep  blockquote   pThen it became like thisp blockquote  ol liTCP    0.0.0.023333          0.0.0.00              LISTENINGli liTCP    10.200.49.19623333    10.200.49.19650814    FINWAIT2li liTCP    10.200.49.19650814    10.200.49.19623333    CLOSEWAITli ol  blockquote   pI never wanted to close the port. Why did it hang like that The code worked fine before.p blockquote
Negative 42922 pI get the errors p  blockquote   pWarning mysqliclose expects exactly 1 parameter, 0 given in home1ab61859publichtmlcontact.php on line 143   andp      pWarning Cannot modify header information  headers already sent by output started at home1ab61859publichtmlcontact.php143 in home1ab61859publichtmlcontact.php on line 144p blockquote  pMy php code is here a hrefhttppastebin.com4KVr7bg1 relnofollowhttppastebin.com4KVr7bg1a p  pI have no idea what I did wrong, so please help me thanks, ItsMeRomianp
Negative 42922 pIm using Rails 4.2.2 with Devise 3.4.1 and am changing the cookiestore domain from www.boundless.dev to .boundless.dev in order to share the same session across all of our subdomains single signon.p  precodeBoundlessApplication.config.sessionstore cookiestore, key boundlesssession, domain .boundless.dev codepre  pIf I make this change alone. Existing loggedin users who return to the site will end up with 2 codeboundlesssessioncode cookies, one with domain boundless.dev and the other with www.boundless.dev. Somehow this makes logging out impossible.p  pIs it possible to make this change without logging all users out of the sitep  pI thought that Id be able to write a method as a codebeforefiltercode in my ApplicationController to delete the session cookie and replace it with a new one at .boundless.dev, but it doesnt work, and I suspect it has something to do with the coderememberusertokencode cookie.p  precodedef updatesessioncookiedomain   sessioncookie  cookies[boundlesssession]   cookies.deleteboundlesssession, domain www.boundless.dev   cookies[boundlesssession]       value sessioncookie,     domain .boundless.dev    end codepre
Negative 42922 pIn my current XSLFO MasterFlow declaration, my body section overflows my footer.p  precodew.writeltfosimplepagemaster masternamemainmaster   w.writepageheight11in pagewidth8.5in margintop.5in  w.writemarginbottom.5in marginleft.5in marginright.5ingt   w.writeltforegionbody margintop20mm marginbottom4ingt w.writeltforegionbody margintop25mm marginbottom1in spaceafter1.5ingt w.writeltforegionbefore  extent13mmgt w.writeltforegionafter regionnamefooter  extent0mmgt w.writeltfosimplepagemastergt codepre  pAs suggested in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11670374howcanipreventmyfooterfromgettingoverflowedinxslfothis questiona I have tried adjusting the marginbottom and extent of regionafter, to no avail.  Previously the marginbottom was set to 4 inches to prevent this due to the large image needed at the bottom of my page body but this creates an unsightly large empty space at the bottom of each page.  And spaceafter does not seem to help either.  p  pHow can I prevent the body of my xslfo text from overflowing onto my footer  p
Negative 42922 pHeres the thing I have a map with markers on it managed by a ClusterManager and I am showing an info window each time they are clicked. I am also fetching their address at the time they are clicked, so once I get it, I call showInfoWindow on the marker again in order to update it. Problem is that the address wont show up in the info window. Here is my InfoWindowAdapter I have two views according to the type of the marker that is clickedp  precodeclass CabinetInfoWindowAdapter implements GoogleMap.InfoWindowAdapter       public CabinetInfoWindowAdapter              Override     public View getInfoWindowMarker marker           Use the default info window frame         return null           Override     public View getInfoContentsMarker marker          Cabinet cabinet  clickedCabinetMarker.getCabinet         Log.ifttxgr, info contents, cabinet type   cabinet.getType.toString          switch cabinet.getType              case ADSL             case VDSL                 return getCabinetViewcabinet, marker              case DSLAM                 return getDslamViewcabinet, marker              default return null                    private final View getCabinetView final Cabinet cabinet, final Marker marker          View view  getLayoutInflater.inflateR.layout.cabinetinfowindow, null          TextView cabinetId  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.cabinetid         TextView cabinetType  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.cabinettype         TextView cabinetAddress  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.cabinetaddress         TextView cabinetCoordinates  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.cabinetcoordinates         TextView cabinetUserNick  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.cabinetusernick         ImageView cabinetImage  ImageView view.findViewByIdR.id.cabinetimage         View header  view.findViewByIdR.id.header          cabinetId.setText cabinet.getId       cabinet.getCabinetNumber         cabinetType.setText cabinet.getType.toString          switch cabinet.getType              case ADSL                 header.setBackgroundColorgetResources.getColorR.color.adslred                 break             case VDSL                 header.setBackgroundColorgetResources.getColorR.color.vdslgreen                 break                   cabinetCoordinates.setTextcabinet.getCoordinates.toString          if cabinet.getImage  null              loadCabinetImagemarker          else              cabinetImage.setImageBitmapcabinet.getImage                   if cabinet.getUserNick  null              loadCabinetUserNickcabinet, cabinet.getUserId, cabinet.getmUserSite, marker          else              cabinetUserNick.setTextAdded by user   cabinet.getUserNick                   if cabinet.getAddress  null              loadCabinetAddresscabinet.getCoordinates.latitude,                     cabinet.getCoordinates.longitude, marker          else              cabinetAddress.setTextAddress   cabinet.getAddress                   return view           private final View getDslamView final Cabinet cabinet, final Marker marker          View view  getLayoutInflater.inflateR.layout.dslaminfowindow, null          TextView dslamId  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.dslamid         TextView dslamAddress  TextView view.findViewById R.id.dslamaddress         TextView dslamCoordinates  TextView view.findViewById R.id.dslamcoordinates          dslamId.setTextcabinet.getId      cabinet.getCabinetNumber         dslamCoordinates.setTextcabinet.getCoordinates.toString          if cabinet.getAddress  null              Log.ifttxgr, address is null             loadCabinetAddresscabinet.getCoordinates.latitude,                     cabinet.getCoordinates.longitude, marker          else              Log.ifttxgr, address is there   cabinet.getAddress             dslamAddress.setTextAddress   cabinet.getAddress                   return view        codepre  pAnd the loadCabinetAddress functionp  precodeprivate void loadCabinetAddress final double lat, final double lng, final Marker marker      Geocoder geocoder     ListltAddressgt addresses     geocoder  new Geocoderthis, Locale.getDefault      try          addresses  geocoder.getFromLocationlat, lng, 1         String address  addresses.get0.getAddressLine0         String city  addresses.get0.getLocality         String country  addresses.get0.getCountryName         String postalCode  addresses.get0.getPostalCode          String concat                    address  null  address                        city  null  city                        country  null  country                        postalCode  null  postalCode            clickedCabinetMarker.getCabinet.setAddressconcat         Log.ifttxgr, address loaded, showing info window again         marker.showInfoWindow      catch IOException e          e.printStackTrace       codepre  pAll the logs indicate that everything goes as expected. So why isnt the info window being updating properlyp  pP.S. The funny thing is that for the first view the one returned by getCabinetView, the update is working But I also load an image and a user nickname asynchronously, and I call showInfoWindow three times to update them all.p
Negative 42922 pI would like to publish an npm package that contains my source as well as distribution files. My Github repository contains a codesrccode folder which contains JavaScript source files. The build process generates a codedistcode folder that contains the distribution files. Of course, the codedistcode folder is not checked into the Github repository.p  pHow do I publish an npm package in a way that when someone does an codenpm installcode, they get the codesrccode as well as the codedistcode folder Currently when I issue codenpm publishcode from my git repository, it results in only the src folder being published.p  pMy package.json looks like thisp  precode   name joinjs,   version 0.0.1,   homepage httpsgithub.comarchfirstjoinjs,   repository      type git,     url httpsgithub.comarchfirstjoinjs.git   ,   main distindex.js,   scripts      test gulp,     build gulp build,     prepublish npm run build   ,   dependencies      ...   ,   devDependencies      ...     codepre
Negative 42922 pI found method a hrefhttplaravel.comapi5.1IlluminateHttpRequest.htmlmethodreplace relnofollowRequestreplacea, that allows to replace input parameters in Request. p  pBut currently i can see only one way to implement it  to write same replacing input code in every controller action.p  pIs it possible somehow to group code, that will be executed after request successful validation, but before controller action is startedp  pFor example, i need to support ISO2 languages in my api, but under the hood, i have to transform them into legacy ones, that are really stored in the database. Currently i have this code in controllerp  precode Controller action context iso  requestgtinputlanguage legacy  Languageiso2ToLegacyiso requestgtreplace[language gt legacy]   Controller action code starts codepre
Negative 42922 pWe have OpenStack codeKilocode installed in our virtual environment running VMware vSphere 5.5. In order to get Neutron running we have activated Promiscous Mode on our vSwitch, but we are getting duplicate packets all the time. I was able to narrow down the problem and it seems to me that every packet that is transmitted to an interface in Promiscous Mode gets duplicated. This issue causes heavy performance problems in the network performance of Neutron.p  pUnfortunately, this seems to be a problem that is specific to vSphere. The issue does not occurr in our physical environment running OpenStack codeIcehousecode. I would say that this is not a problem of OpenStack or Neutron.p  pHas anybody an idea how to solve the problemp
Negative 42922 pI am writing a parser to parse mathematical expressions, which contain variables among other things. I want a list of all the captured variables. But I am only getting the last captured variable. Below is a minimal example to show the problem. p  precode    gtgtgt from pyparsing import      gtgtgt var  Wordalphas     gtgtgt expr  Forward     gtgtgt expr ltlt varvar  ZeroOrMoreLiteral  expr     gtgtgt foo  expr.parseStringx  y  z     gtgtgt foo     [x, , y, , z], var [x, 0, y, 2, z, 4]     gtgtgt foo[var]     z codepre  pI was expecting [x, y, z]. I am using pyparsing version 2.1.p
Negative 42922 pIm using slim with a small array to populate a select tag.p  pfirst attemptp  precodef.select productline do     [[productlinetest,value],[[B] Bolted Bonnet] ].each do c          contenttagoption, c.first, value c.last codepre  pThis works fine but if i want to add more options I would have to have them all on the same line. I would prefer something like thisp  precodef.select productline do     [         [productlinetest,value],         [[B] Bolted Bonnet]         ].each do c          contenttagoption, c.first, value c.last codepre  pbut that doesnt work.  p
Negative 42922 pIn my Laravel 5.1 application, I have a controller that serves as a RESTful API. Many methods of this controller have a following piece of codep  precodeforeach [email, password, firstName, lastName] as parameter      if thisgtrequestgthasparameter          throw new InputException400, parameter, Missing  . parameter .  parameter.       codepre  pI know its not the greatest idea to repeat the same piece of code with different array contents. Instead, Im looking for some elegant way to achieve the same thing.p  pI thought about middleware with parameters, something like this in the routes.phpp  precodemiddleware gt parametersemail,password,firstName,lastName codepre  pCurrently Im using implicit controllers though, so my methods are not mentioned in coderoutes.phpcode file.p  pWhat is the most flexible and elegant way to implement this functionality without repeating myselfp
Negative 42922 pI have a Perl script that accepts HTTP GET requests and returns JSON content back. However, when I call the script from an Android app using Volley, Im getting the following errorp  precodeEVolley [1178] BasicNetwork.performRequest Unexpected response code 500 for http codepre  pIf I use curl to check the script, I get this responsep  precode Hostname was NOT found in DNS cache    Trying 95.142.152.194...  Connected to pro.url.co.uk 127.0.0.1 port 80 0 gt GET cgibinapi.pl HTTP1.1 gt UserAgent curl7.37.1 gt Host pro.url.co.uk gt Accept  gt  lt HTTP1.1 200 OK lt Date Sat, 01 Aug 2015 071842 GMT  Server Apache is not blacklisted lt Server Apache lt Connection close lt TransferEncoding chunked lt ContentType applicationjson charsetutf8 lt SetCookie DYNSRVlin218 path lt  error2000,descriptionan action header is required codepre  pHere is the perl codep  precodemy cgi  CGIgtnew my json  JSONgtnewgtutf8 my headertype  applicationjson my headerstatus  200 my output  jsongtencode   error gt 2000,   description gt an action header is required,  print cgigtheader   type gt headertype,   charset gt utf8,   status gt headerstatus  print output print n codepre  pIm not the worlds most competent perl dev so if anyone has any hints, it would be most appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pIm student and I got the free latest version of PhpStorm 9 build PS141.1912. I tried to add a theme and color scheme to PhpStorm so I put my theme .icls file in the codeCUsersme.WebIde90colorscode folderp  pimg srchttpimage.noelshack.comfichiers2015311438494561sanstitre.png altp  pThen I restarted PhpStorm, but I cant see my themep  pimg srchttpimage.noelshack.comfichiers2015311438494462sanstitre.png altp
Negative 42922 pI have an application written in grails 2.2.5 that needs to connect with MySQL, Oracle and SQL Server depending on my customers. We have more than 1000 queries that uses distinct returning instances of classes.p  pExamplep  precodeimport br.com.aaf.auditoria.  def queryselect distinct tipo from Atividade c join c.tipoAtividade tipo order by tipo.nome  def retAtividade.executeQueryquery codepre  pSo far so good, but now I need to include some CLOBs columns in oracle to expand some fields from VarChar 4000. When I do that these queries stop working because of the problem that Oracle does not compare CLOB columns.p  pErrorp  blockquote   pORA00932 inconsistent datatypes expected  got CLOBp blockquote  pI understand that GrailsHibernate uses all properties of the domain class to make the sql to send to the database and return as an instance of that class. The case is that I only need to compare or group the id of the domain class to make a distinct, but I need the result to be an instance of the class and not the id, so I dont need to change all the queries.p  pAny of you know a way to change the behaviour of a distinct in HQL even if I need to customize a dialect to capture what Hibernate is doing in transforming HQL in SQLp  pWhat Im thinking is capture the SQL, change it to return and group only the id of the instance and execute a get in the Domain class before return this to executeQuery.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to run android functional test case from command line in following wayp  precodegradlew testDebug testsSampleTestCase.java codepre  pBut I got the error messagep  precodeExecution failed for task UiToolkittestDevDebug. gt Test filtering is not supported for given version of JUnit. Please upgrade JUnit version to at least 4.6. codepre  pI am not sure how to upgrade Junit so that i can run the test cases successfully. p
Negative 42922 pI am loading a codeDatePickercode in a codeDialogFragmentcode. I want the user to only be able to select todays date or a future date.  Various ways to use codesetMinDatecode either show incorrect output or crash the app. For example, the below does not work.p  precodedialog.getDatePicker.setMinDateSystem.currentTimeMillis  1000 codepre  pPlease advise.p  pstrongDatePickerFragment.javastrongp  precode    public class DatePickerFragment extends DialogFragment implements DatePickerDialog.OnDateSetListener       public DatePickerFragment            Override     public Dialog onCreateDialogBundle savedInstanceState      final  Calendar cal  Calendar.getInstance     int currentyear  cal.getCalendar.YEAR     int currentmonth  cal.getCalendar.MONTH     int currentday  cal.getCalendar.DAYOFMONTH      DatePickerDialog dialog  new DatePickerDialoggetActivity,this,currentyear,currentmonth,currentday     dialog.getDatePicker.setCalendarViewShowntrue     dialog.getDatePicker.setSpinnersShownfalse     dialog.setTitlePick a Due Date      return dialog            public void onDateSetDatePicker view, int year, int month, int day      EditText txtDate  EditText getActivity.getWindow.getDecorView.getRootView.findViewByIdR.id.FEditText     String datemonth1    day    year     txtDate.setTextdate           ... codepre
Negative 42922 pI frequently have to average time series data within given time intervals events, basically as has been asked a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11268627rhowtoaveragewithinoverlappingtimeperiodslq1herea.p  pAs suggested in the answers, I use an SQL statement on my data in long format. Here is an examplep  precodecreate dummy data frame set.seed1 data lt data.frame   date  seqfrom  as.POSIXct20140101 0000,              to  as.POSIXct20140131 2300,              by  300,   A  runif8917,   B  runif8917,   C  runif8917,   D  runif8917   convert to long format requiredplyr data lt data gt   gatherclass,value,AD   create dummy events events lt data.frame   id  cblue,red,green,yellow,   start  as.POSIXctc20140103 1300,                        20140112 0800,                        20140118 1000,                        20140127 2300,   stop  as.POSIXctc20140103 1900,                        20140113 1700,                        20140120 1000,                        20140128 2000    average value within events, grouped by class requiresqldf results lt sqldf      SELECT x.id, y.class, avgy.value AS mean       FROM events as x, data as y       WHERE y.date between x.start and x.stop       GROUP BY x.id, y.class  codepre  pwhich gives the desired outputp  precode       id class      mean 1    blue     A 0.4879129 2    blue     B 0.4945888 3    blue     C 0.5312504 4    blue     D 0.4968260 5   green     A 0.5235671 6   green     B 0.5030602 7   green     C 0.5071219 8   green     D 0.5002010 9     red     A 0.5122966 10    red     B 0.4767966 11    red     C 0.5032387 12    red     D 0.5018389 13 yellow     A 0.4727868 14 yellow     B 0.4626688 15 yellow     C 0.4930207 16 yellow     D 0.5184966 codepre  pHowever, as my real data is huge long format can reach several million rows, the SQL operation needs quite some time.p  pAre there more efficient ways to do this operation Ive stumpled across codedata.tablefoverlapscode, which is called an overlap join, but I dont fully understand if this is what I need.p  pIf there was an efficient way to add en event column to the data, indicating for each row date, which event it falls into, then I could do a grouped summary with dplyr compare to the SQL statement. But I dont know how to do this...p  pAny suggestions from the experts would be appreciated.p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pAs suggested in the comments, I have added the creation of an index to my SQL statement. Unfortunately this did not speed up things for one of my large real world problems. The calculation still took 40 mins to run.p  pThen I copypasted the data.table solution, kindly offered by David, and was impressed to see that it runs in less than 1 second on exactly the same realworld dataset. p  pI still dont understand how and why it does what it does, but my motivation to spend some time on learning the data.table syntax has certainly increased a lot. Thanks again for that p
Negative 42922 pI am using a script to automatically set up a computer. I need to assign a password to the vnc server for the user, which is normally done using the vncserver command. However, it prompts for the user to enter and reenter their password, neither of which the script is capable of doing.p  pSo, how can I set up the VNC password without an interactive promptp
Negative 42922 pIm using 64bit Ubuntu 14.04. I tried to install cephes library, but Im consistently getting an error. It saysp  psqrtelf.3878 Error invalid instruction suffix for pushp  pI have looked around the web and also checked this forum and figured out, it has probably something to do with wrong compiling settings. I edited make file and it looks like this now p  precodeCC  gcc CFLAGS  g m32 O2 Wall fnobuiltin LDFLAGS  m32 AR  ar RANLIB  ranlib INCS  mconf.h AS  as codepre  pIt still does not work. I also checked mconf.h, but I dont even know what should I change. Thanks for help.p  pI got the source file a hrefhttpwww.moshier.net relnofollowherea double.zipp
Negative 42922 pIve been trying to accomplish this for what feels like a lifetime. If somebody can post what theyve used for their own game and how they implemented it, that would be greatly appreciated. Im trying to have an interstitial ad show up after my codeShowGameOvercode function. Any help is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 42922 pCan anyone please help me to understand that from where does Numpys array function infers data type.p  pI understand it basically infers from the kind of value that has been assigned to the array.p  pFor Example p  precodegt data  [1,2,3,4] gt arr  np.arraydata codepre  pSo in the above lines the arr will have the codedtypeint64code or codedtypeint32code.p  pWhat I am trying to understand is how does it decides whether to give it a codeint64code or a codeint32codep  pI understand that it might be a trivial question but I am just trying to understand that how does it work as I was recently asked this in an interview.p
Negative 42922 pI am receiving these crash reports from my crash reporting tools. I dont which code to provide here so just let me know if you want to see any particular code. p  pI havent put anything related to GoogleAnalytics in onStart method as it is not mentioned in documentation.p  blockquote   pFatal Exception java.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start service   com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService3399b37 with null   java.lang.NullPointerException Attempt to invoke virtual method   java.lang.String android.content.Intent.getAction on a null object   referencep      pjava.lang.RuntimeException Unable to start service   com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService3399b37 with null   java.lang.NullPointerException Attempt to invoke virtual method   java.lang.String android.content.Intent.getAction on a null object   reference          at android.app.ActivityThread.handleServiceArgsActivityThread.java2910          at android.app.ActivityThread.access2200ActivityThread.java147          at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1394          at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102          at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java135          at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5254          at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java          at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java372          at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java898          at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693 Caused by java.lang.NullPointerException Attempt to invoke virtual   method java.lang.String android.content.Intent.getAction on a null   object reference          at com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService.onStartCommand          at android.app.ActivityThread.handleServiceArgsActivityThread.java2893          at android.app.ActivityThread.access2200ActivityThread.java147          at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1394          at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102          at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java135          at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5254          at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java          at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java372          at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java898          at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693p blockquote
Negative 42922 pI have my Laravel 5 returning an array of     p  precode     data          id 3,         name Senior High School,         description This is a 3 year Progressive class requirement from SHS 1 to 3,         createdat 00011130 000000,         updatedat 00011130 000000,         school [                              id 1,                 eduid 3,                 name Bishop Herman College,                 description The best Senior Secondary School in Volta Region,                 motto Sicut Miles Cristi,                 address ,                 location Kpando,                 createdat 00011130 000000,                 updatedat 00011130 000000             ,                              id 2,                 eduid 3,                 name Simms Senior High,                 description SHS,                 motto Whatever,                 address Fawoade,                 location Fawoade,                 createdat 00011130 000000,                 updatedat 00011130 000000                      ]       codepre  pwith this codep  precodeedus  EduwithschoolgtfindorFailid return Responsejson[     data gt edusgttoArray ], 200 codepre  pi want to access the school array in this arrayp  precodeangular.moduleinacademics, [].controllerMainCtrl, [http,functionhttp      var self  this     self.edus  []     http.getapiv1edus3.thenfunctionresponse          self.edus  response.data     , functionerrResponse          console.errorError while fetching data      ] codepre
Negative 42922 pIn my previous projects, Ive defaulted to OkHttp. For this project, Im only looking to post some JSON data every minute or two. Is there any benefit in includingusing OkHttp for this scenariop
Negative 42922 pIve made an App and its deployment target is iOS 8.0 or above and for iPhones only. p  pI subclassed a button from XIB and implemented gradient onto it like this in initWithCoder p  precode  [self setTitleColor[UIColor colorWithRed51.0255.0 green51.0255.0 blue51.0255.0 alpha1] forStateUIControlStateHighlighted amp UIControlStateNormal amp UIControlStateSelected]      self.layer.shadowColor  [UIColor colorWithRed140.0255.0 green140.0255.0 blue140.0255.0 alpha1].CGColor     self.layer.shadowOffset  CGSizeMake0, 2.5     self.layer.shadowOpacity  1.0     self.layer.shadowRadius  0.0     self.layer.cornerRadius  3.5     [self normalGradient] codepre  pNormal Gradient p  precode voidnormalGradient     CAGradientLayer gradientLayer  [RBCGradientLayer normalBackground]     gradientLayer.frame  self.layer.bounds     gradientLayer.cornerRadius  self.layer.cornerRadius     [self.layer insertSublayergradientLayer atIndex0]  codepre  pNow because there is one button that has a different width, gradientLayer.frame  self.layer.bounds doesnt work properly when I initialize it because of auto layoutor I might be wrong. So I did a workaround in initWithCoderp  precodeif self.tag  3 self.layer.frame  CGRectMakeself.bounds.origin.x, self.bounds.origin.y, 218, 36  else   self.layer.frame  self.bounds  codepre  pWhile this workout around is not clean, it gets the job done and works on all the simulators. However, when I test it on different devices, some will have the incorrect width the width set in XIB instead of the code Ive implemented above.  I suspect this issue has to do with auto layout and as well as iOS versions. p  pCan anyone pinpoint why different versions of iOS8 and above might be drawing different UIs OR provide a solution where I dont have to do the workaround when I subclass my button and initialize the button with the correct width after auto layout has been implemented. p
Negative 42922 pIm using Axis2 1.3 for my API client amp server. We have multiple instance at production and we are load balance using L4 switch Netscalar. To hit same instance for consequence call, L4 switch use stick cookie.p  pIt is good for service , but I need to hit other instance in some case. For web application, we could do it by deleting cache from browser. But, I dont know whether cookie is kept for axis2.p  pCould you let me know whether cookie is kept for axis2  or Java  and how I could delete it  p  pThanksp
Negative 42922 pAfter an Ajax request, I want that the div with the ID disappeard but it doesnt work. There is no error in the console log. Ive checked the condition after the ajax request with an codealertcode and it works so this is the coderemovecode function wich doesnt work.p  pstrongMy divstrong it contains a lot of content like divsp  precodeltdiv classdivavion ltphp echo demandePHPtrueidavionidDIV.dataPHP[avionid].gt ltphp echo demandePHPfalsestyledisplaynonegtgt...ltdivgt codepre  pstrongJSstrongp  precodedocument.readyfunction         document.onclick, .buttontrash, function              ifthis.is.avionbdd                              var avionid  this.attrid.replaceavionid,                  var result  confirmEtesvous sr de vouloir supprimer cet avion                  if result                      .ajax                        url  ltphp echo http.SERVER[HTTPHOST].scriptsdeleteavionflottehub.phpgt,                        type  POST,  Le type de la requte HTTP, ici devenu POST                        data  avionidavionid,                        dataType  html,                        success  functionresultat, statut                         ifresultatOK                                                      avionidDIVavionid.remove                                                   ,                         error  functionresultat, statut, erreur                         ,                         complete  functionresultat, statut                                                                             else                 this.parent.parent.parent.parent.parent.remove                         codepre  pHave you an ideap
Negative 42922 pIm following these instructions to create a simple MVC5 website that allows external authentication using Google and Facebook via OAuth2 p  pa hrefhttpwww.asp.netmvcoverviewsecuritycreateanaspnetmvc5appwithfacebookandgoogleoauth2andopenidsignon relnofollowhttpwww.asp.netmvcoverviewsecuritycreateanaspnetmvc5appwithfacebookandgoogleoauth2andopenidsignona p  pIm using Visual Studio 2015 Professional, targeting .Net 4.5.2, and all my nuget packages are up to date with the latest stable builds as of 0818. Additionally, my projects been set up to use httpsSSL throughout. p  pIve got to the section strongCreating a Google app for OAuth 2 and connecting the app to the projectstrong and have created a sample Web Application project in the Google developer console, with the Google API enabled  my list of enabled APIs arep  ul liBigQuery API li liCloud Debugger APIli liDebuglet Controller APIli liGoogle Cloud Logging APIli liGoogle Cloud SQLli liGoogle Cloud Storageli liGoogle Cloud Storage JSON APIli liGoogle APIli ul  p... basically the default ones with Google added.p  pIve added the Authorized redirect URI a hrefhttpslocalhost44300signingoogle relnofollowhttpslocalhost44300signingooglea Authorized Javascript origins per previous with signingoogle removed and  to the Google project. Ive also set a product name in the OAuth Consent Screen but nothing else apart from my email.p  pIve not touched the generated code in the solution, other than to do the followingp  ul lipIn codeStartup.Auth.cscode, uncomment the codeapp.UseGoogleAuthenticationcode section and add the client ID and secret from the Google project Credentials sectionp  precodeapp.UseGoogleAuthenticationnew GoogleOAuth2AuthenticationOptions      ClientId  xxxxx.apps.googleusercontent.com,     ClientSecret  xxxxx  codepreli lipAdded codeSession[Workaround]  workaroundcode to codeAccountControllercode in the Post version of codeExternalLogincode pli ul  pSo I run the application and attempt to login via Google using the button that appears onscreen. I get taken to enter my Google credentials, which I do successfully. However, on returning to my application what Im seeing isp  ol liThe querystring returned from Google has codeerroraccessdeniedcode attached to it confirmed via Fiddlerli liConsequently the call to codeAuthenticationManager.GetExternalLoginInfoAsynccode in codeAccountManagercode always returns null, and Im redirected to the login page againli liI therefore never get the chance to associated the Google login with my applicationli liIve also noticed in the Google developer console that there are zero default quota requests, and zero signin quota requests in the Google API usage section even though Ive been hammering this over the last couple of days.li ol  pI dont know what to try next. Ive taken a tour of the web looking at this and almost everything Ive read has said that enabling the Google API, andor setting a placeholder in the session should solve this, but neither option has worked for me.p  pAny ideas welcome.p  pThanksp  pfiveeurosp
Negative 42922 pI have a Dreambox 500 which on Wikipedia says has a PCP processor which is PowerPC cat proccpuinfo processor 0 cpu STBx25xx clock 252MHz Review 9.80 pvr 5151 0950 bogomips 250.36 Machine Dream Multimedia Dreambox TV plb bus clock 63MHzp  pI would normally install GCC but it has low storage on it and I need to compile a program for it.p  pIve heard GCC can compile powerpc but I had no luck doing so.p  pExample this codep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  int main      printfHello Worldn      return 0  codepre  pAnd I use this to compilep  precodegcc example.c mtunepowerpc codepre  pBut it give this errorp  precodeexample.c10 error bad value powerpc for mtune switch include ltstdio.hgt  codepre  pThank youp
Negative 42922 pIm trying to start WebProject in VS2003, but I got the errorUnable to start debugging on the web server. The project is not configured to be debugged. I use Visual Studio 2003 on WinXP on virtual drive with IIS 5.1 I already tried to change properties on catalog, where project placed. It didnt make any change. Is there any solution for thisp
Negative 42922 pI have a mpmediaitem which prints out the currently playing song, artist, album, but when the song changes the text does not change. Instead I want another label to be added when the song changes. How would I go about doing thisp  precodevar musicPlayer  MPMusicPlayerController.systemMusicPlayer let nowPlaying  MPMusicPlayerController.systemMusicPlayer.nowPlayingItem let Title  nowPlaying[MPMediaItemPropertyTitle] as String let Artist  nowPlaying[MPMediaItemPropertyArtist] as String let Album  nowPlaying[MPMediaItemPropertyAlbumTitle] as String override func viewDidLoad      super.viewDidLoad           NSNotificationCenter.defaultCenter.addObserverself, selector getNowPlayingItem, name MPMusicPlayerControllerNowPlayingItemDidChangeNotification, object nil     musicPlayer.beginGeneratingPlaybackNotifications       deinit     musicPlayer.endGeneratingPlaybackNotifications     NSNotificationCenter.defaultCenter.removeObserverself   func getNowPlayingItem      if let nowPlaying  musicPlayer.nowPlayingItem          let title  nowPlaying[MPMediaItemPropertyTitle] as String         let artist  nowPlaying[MPMediaItemPropertyArtist] as String         let album  nowPlaying[MPMediaItemPropertyAlbumTitle] as String         printlnSong title         printlnArtist artist         printlnAlbum album       codepre
Negative 42922 pI have dived into the Python decorator and was playing around with some ways to add function arguments to decorators.p  pThe problem I am facing has to do with me wanting to do a recursion in the decorator while setting some variables only on the initial call. So in the example I would like to print the message only once on the function call.p  pRight now it prints on function definition, not on function call. See this example codep  precodedef recursiveCountermessage     def decoraterfunc         def wrappercount             funccount             if count lt 10                 count  1                 wrappercount          print message         return wrapper     return decorater   recursiveCounterhello I was called once def countercount     print count   counter0 codepre
Negative 42922 pI am working in a ASP.NET 5 and MVC 6 project with Xunit testing, but when I try to execute codednx . testcode I get this errorp  precodednx  System.InvalidOperationException Failed to resolve the following dependencies for target framework DNX,Versionv4.5.1 At line1 char1  dnx . test        CategoryInfo           NotSpecified System.InvalidO...ersionv4.5.1String [], RemoteException      FullyQualifiedErrorId  NativeCommandError     Microsoft.CSharp 4.0.0beta23019    System.Collections 4.0.10beta23019    System.Linq 4.0.0beta23019    System.Runtime 4.0 .10beta23019    System.Threading 4.0.10beta23019    xunit 2.1.0beta4    xunit.runner.dnx 2.1.0beta4  Searched Locations   DProjectnameproject.json   DProjectMrBellhop.Testsrcnameproject.json   DProjectMrBellhop.Testtestnameproject.json   CProgram Files x86Reference AssembliesMicrosoftFramework.NETFrameworkv4.5.1name.dll   CProgram Files x86Reference AssembliesMicrosoftFramework.NETFrameworkv4.5.1Facadesname.dll   CWindowsMicrosoft.NETassemblyGAC32nameversionname.dll   CWindowsMicrosoft.NETassemblyGAC64nameversionname.dll   CWindowsMicrosoft.NETassemblyGACMSILnameversionname.dll  Try running dnu restore.     at Microsoft.Framework.Runtime.DefaultHost.GetEntryPointString applicationName    at Microsoft.Framework.ApplicationHost.Program.ExecuteMainDefaultHost host, String applicationName, String[] args    at Microsoft.Framework.ApplicationHost.Program.MainString[] args  End of stack trace from previous location where exception was thrown     at System.Runtime.ExceptionServices.ExceptionDispatchInfo.Throw    at Microsoft.Framework.Runtime.Common.EntryPointExecutor.ExecuteAssembly assembly, String[] args, IServiceProvider serviceProvider    at dnx.host.Bootstrapper.RunAsyncList1 args, IRuntimeEnvironment env, FrameworkName targetFramework    at dnx.host.RuntimeBootstrapper.ExecuteAsyncString[] args, FrameworkName targetFramework    at dnx.host.RuntimeBootstrapper.ExecuteString[] args, FrameworkName targetFramework gt      CategoryInfo           NotSpecified System.InvalidO...ersionv4.5.1String [], RemoteException gt      FullyQualifiedErrorId  NativeCommandError codepre  pI have followed a hrefhttpxunit.github.iodocsgettingstarteddnx.html relnofollowthis manuala and although I implement a simple example I get the same error.p  pMy strongproject.jsonstrongp  precode   version 1.0.0,   description Project.Test,   authors [  ],   tags [  ],   projectUrl ,   licenseUrl ,    dependencies      System.Collections 4.0.10beta23019,     System.Linq 4.0.0beta23019,     System.Threading 4.0.10beta23019,     System.Runtime 4.0.10beta23019,     Microsoft.CSharp 4.0.0beta23019,     xunit 2.1.0beta4,     xunit.runner.dnx 2.1.0beta4   ,   commands      test xunit.runner.dnx   ,   frameworks      dnx451  ,     dnxcore50       codepre  pI am using Asp.net 5 Beta 6p  pstrongDo you know how to solve this errorstrongp
Negative 42922 blockquote   pjQueryp blockquote  precodefunction      .sendcomment.keydownfunctiona      if a.keyCode  13         var that  this.attrid        var t  that.substr9        var e  t        e.submit        return false                 codepre  blockquote   pFormp blockquote  precodeltform classcommentform id849 acceptcharsetUTF8gt  ltinput typehidden namecommentpublicationid idcommentpublicationid value849 autocompleteoffgt lttextarea namecomment idcommentto849 classsendcomment placeholderEscreva seu comentrio titleEscreva um comentrio para esta publicao requiredgtlttextareagt   ltformgt codepre  pThe from takes  multiple data in Mysql having the same form multiple times with different IDs.p  pI tested the code in other page without mysql data only 1 form and guess what worked.p
Negative 42922 pI am trying to delete or select data from table, for it I am using Spring data JPA.p  pException I am facing is codejavax.persistence.PersistenceException org.hibernate.exception.GenericJDBCException could not execute querycodep  pfull stack trace given belowp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeCaused by javax.persistence.PersistenceException org.hibernate.exception.GenericJDBCException could not execute query     at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.convertAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1763     at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.convertAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1677     at org.hibernate.jpa.internal.QueryImpl.getResultListQueryImpl.java458     at org.hibernate.jpa.criteria.compile.CriteriaQueryTypeQueryAdapter.getResultListCriteriaQueryTypeQueryAdapter.java67     at org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.support.SimpleJpaRepository.findAllSimpleJpaRepository.java291     at org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.support.SimpleJpaRepository.deleteAllSimpleJpaRepository.java198     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606     at org.springframework.data.repository.core.support.RepositoryFactorySupportQueryExecutorMethodInterceptor.executeMethodOnRepositoryFactorySupport.java416     at org.springframework.data.repository.core.support.RepositoryFactorySupportQueryExecutorMethodInterceptor.doInvokeRepositoryFactorySupport.java401     at org.springframework.data.repository.core.support.RepositoryFactorySupportQueryExecutorMethodInterceptor.invokeRepositoryFactorySupport.java373     at org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceedReflectiveMethodInvocation.java179     at org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionInterceptor1.proceedWithInvocationTransactionInterceptor.java99     at org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionAspectSupport.invokeWithinTransactionTransactionAspectSupport.java281     at org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionInterceptor.invokeTransactionInterceptor.java96     at org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceedReflectiveMethodInvocation.java179     at org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.invokePersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.java136     at org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceedReflectiveMethodInvocation.java179     at org.springframework.data.jpa.repository.support.CrudMethodMetadataPostProcessorCrudMethodMetadataPopulatingMethodIntercceptor.invokeCrudMethodMetadataPostProcessor.java122     at org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceedReflectiveMethodInvocation.java179     at org.springframework.aop.interceptor.ExposeInvocationInterceptor.invokeExposeInvocationInterceptor.java92     at org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceedReflectiveMethodInvocation.java179     at org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicAopProxy.invokeJdkDynamicAopProxy.java207     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606     at org.jbehave.core.steps.StepCreatorMethodInvoker.invokeStepCreator.java671     at org.jbehave.core.steps.StepCreatorBeforeOrAfterStep.performStepCreator.java458     ... 12 more Caused by org.hibernate.exception.GenericJDBCException could not execute query     at org.hibernate.exception.internal.StandardSQLExceptionConverter.convertStandardSQLExceptionConverter.java54     at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper.convertSqlExceptionHelper.java126     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2557     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2540     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listIgnoreQueryCacheLoader.java2370     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.listLoader.java2365     at org.hibernate.loader.hql.QueryLoader.listQueryLoader.java497     at org.hibernate.hql.internal.ast.QueryTranslatorImpl.listQueryTranslatorImpl.java387     at org.hibernate.engine.query.spi.HQLQueryPlan.performListHQLQueryPlan.java236     at org.hibernate.internal.SessionImpl.listSessionImpl.java1264     at org.hibernate.internal.QueryImpl.listQueryImpl.java103     at org.hibernate.jpa.internal.QueryImpl.listQueryImpl.java573     at org.hibernate.jpa.internal.QueryImpl.getResultListQueryImpl.java449     ... 42 more Caused by java.sql.SQLException Fail to convert to internal representation     at oracle.jdbc.driver.SQLStateMapping.newSQLExceptionSQLStateMapping.java70     at oracle.jdbc.driver.DatabaseError.newSQLExceptionDatabaseError.java112     at oracle.jdbc.driver.DatabaseError.throwSqlExceptionDatabaseError.java173     at oracle.jdbc.driver.DatabaseError.throwSqlExceptionDatabaseError.java229     at oracle.jdbc.driver.DatabaseError.throwSqlExceptionDatabaseError.java403     at oracle.jdbc.driver.CharCommonAccessor.getLongCharCommonAccessor.java252     at oracle.jdbc.driver.T4CVarcharAccessor.getLongT4CVarcharAccessor.java813     at oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleResultSetImpl.getLongOracleResultSetImpl.java743     at oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleResultSet.getLongOracleResultSet.java440     at org.apache.commons.dbcp.DelegatingResultSet.getLongDelegatingResultSet.java278     at org.apache.commons.dbcp.DelegatingResultSet.getLongDelegatingResultSet.java278     at org.apache.commons.dbcp.DelegatingResultSet.getLongDelegatingResultSet.java278     at org.hibernate.type.descriptor.sql.BigIntTypeDescriptor2.doExtractBigIntTypeDescriptor.java74     at org.hibernate.type.descriptor.sql.BasicExtractor.extractBasicExtractor.java64     at org.hibernate.type.AbstractStandardBasicType.nullSafeGetAbstractStandardBasicType.java267     at org.hibernate.type.AbstractStandardBasicType.nullSafeGetAbstractStandardBasicType.java263     at org.hibernate.type.AbstractStandardBasicType.nullSafeGetAbstractStandardBasicType.java253     at org.hibernate.type.AbstractStandardBasicType.hydrateAbstractStandardBasicType.java338     at org.hibernate.persister.entity.AbstractEntityPersister.hydrateAbstractEntityPersister.java2969     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.loadFromResultSetLoader.java1696     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.instanceNotYetLoadedLoader.java1628     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.getRowLoader.java1515     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.getRowFromResultSetLoader.java726     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.processResultSetLoader.java953     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryLoader.java921     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doQueryAndInitializeNonLazyCollectionsLoader.java355     at org.hibernate.loader.Loader.doListLoader.java2554     ... 52 more codepre    pEntity class is mentioned belowp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeEntity     Tablename  EMPLOYEE     public class Employee           Id         Columnname  ID         private Long id          Columnname  EMPLOYEEID         private Long employeeId          Columnname  EMPLOYEETYPE         private String employeeType            public void setIdLong id              this.id  id                   public void setEmployeeIdLong employeeId              this.employeeId  employeeId                   public void setEmployeeTypeString employeeType              this.employeeType  employeeType               codepre    pRepository class is p  precodepublic interface EmployeeRepository extends JpaRepositoryltEMPLOYEE, Longgt   codepre  pExecuting below queryp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeEmployeeRepository empRepo empRepo.deleteAll codepre    ptable design is given belowp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecode    CREATE TABLE DB.EMPLOYEE    ID              NUMBER19                    NOT NULL,   EMPLOYEEID       VARCHAR2255 CHAR,   EMPLOYEETYPE  VARCHAR2255 CHAR  codepre    pPlease suggest.p
Negative 42922 pI have just some basic understanding of prototyping in JavaScript. What I would like to achieve is to extend the getdate method of the a hrefhttpbootstrapdatepicker.readthedocs.orgenlatest relnofollowbootstrapdatepicker plugina.p  pI dont know why, that plugin does not expose the date as a simple property, but you have to call the code.datepickergetDatecode method to read the date selected by the user.p  pI need to get the date in the YYYYMMDD format, so I did thisp  precodeDate.prototype.yyyymmdd  function     var yyyy  this.getFullYear.toString   var mm  this.getMonth  1.toString  getMonth is zerobased   var dd  this.getDate.toString   return yyyy  mm[1]  mm  0  mm[0]  dd[1]  dd  0  dd[0]  codepre  pIf I read the value like this codemyControl.datepickergetDate.yyyymmddcode it works, unless there is no date selected. In that case, the codedatepickergetDatecode method returns null, and an exception is risen when calling the codeyyyymmddcode method on null. I would like to have instead a null returned.p  pI tried to prototype the code.datepickercode method with this codep  precode.datepicker.prototype.getYyyymmddDate  function     var x  thisgetdate   if x  null     return x.yyyymmdd   else     return null  codepre  pof course having prototyped the Date object as above. But trying to read with codemyControl.datepicker.getYyyymmddDatecode does not work.p  pHow could I do thisp
Negative 42922 pcan any one please help me to make the following code shorter or introduce a selector to do the selecting easierp  precodeltbodygt ltul classmainnavgt     ltli classactivegtlta idmainInfo hrefgtltagttestltligt     ltligtlta idoperations hrefgtltagttest2ltligt     ltligtlta idreport hrefgtltagttest3ltligt     ltligtlta idspecial hrefgtltagttest4ltligt ltulgt ltscriptgt     function           mainInfo.clickfunction               .mainnav.findli.active.removeClassactive             .mainnav.findli.findamainInfo.parent.addClassactive                  operations.clickfunction               .mainnav.findli.active.removeClassactive             .mainnav.findli.findaoperations.parent.addClassactive                  report.clickfunction               .mainnav.findli.active.removeClassactive             .mainnav.findli.findareport.parent.addClassactive                  special.clickfunction               .mainnav.findli.active.removeClassactive             .mainnav.findli.findaspecial.parent.addClassactive               ltscriptgt codepre  pp
Negative 42922 pI created some classes for other users to use and supplied convenience functions to easily get one plot, including figure and axis generation.p  precodeimport pylab as plt def plotsomething     fig, ax  plt.subplots     plt.plotxrange10, axesax     return fig, ax def evenmoreimpressiveplot     fig, ax  plt.subplots     plt.plot[x2 for x in xrange10], axesax     return fig, ax codepre  pBut than there is this one crazy user, that would like to be able to use these plots, but in one figure side by side, my first idea didnt work outp  precodedesiredfig, desiredaxes  plt.subplots2 dummyfig, dummyax  plotsomething dummyfig2, dummyax2  evenmoreimpressiveplot desiredaxes[0]  dummyax desiredaxes[1]  dummyax2 plt.show codepre  pbut this, sadly, leaves the desiredaxes empty. Is there a simple method or do I have to split the methods like thisp  precodedef plotsomethingax     plt.plotxrange10, axesax  def plotsomething2     fig, ax  plt.subplots     plotsomethingax     return fig, ax codepre
Negative 42922 pI tried to use NSUserDefaults with NSKeyedArchiver, convert NSArray [ABRecordRef] to NSData, NSData to NSArray, but i not can extract record. Example codep  precode     let addressBook  extractABAddressBookRefABAddressBookCreateWithOptionsnil, amperrorRef      let backupContactList  ABAddressBookCopyArrayOfAllPeopleaddressBook.takeRetainedValue      let dataExample NSData  NSKeyedArchiver.archivedDataWithRootObjectbackupContactList      NSUserDefaults.standardUserDefaults.defaults.setObjectdataExample, forKey BackUp codepre  pextractp  precode     if let data  NSUserDefaults.standardUserDefaults.objectForKeyBackUp as NSData       let books  NSKeyedUnarchiver.unarchiveObjectWithDatadata as NSArray codepre
Negative 42922 pI was wondering has anyone here have a good resource of a hrefhttpgilbitron.github.ioPIP relnofollowPIPsa PHP framework plugin implementation p
Negative 42922 pConsider the following codep  precodetemplateltint X, int Ygt struct S      typedef int funcint,float const   templateltint Xgt struct D  public SltX,6gt      typename SltX,6gtfunc func  templateltint Xgt int DltXgtfuncint,float const      return 1   struct W  public Slt7,8gt      Slt7,8gtfunc func  int Wfuncint,float const      return 2   include ltiostreamgt int main      W w     stdcout ltlt w.func1,4.3 ltlt n     Dlt3gt d     stdcout ltlt d.func1,4.3 ltlt n  codepre  pIf I comment out the code declaring class codeDcode and codeDfunccode as well as the corresponding lines in codemaincode, the code compiles normally, and I see code2code in output, as expected.p  pBut when I make the derived class template adding codetypenamecode before function declaration, as codeSltX.6gtcode is a dependent scope, I get the following errorsp  precodetest.cpp1327 error no int DltXgtfuncint, float const member function declared in class DltXgt  int DltXgtfuncint,float const                             test.cpp In instantiation of struct Dlt3gt test.cpp3210   required from here test.cpp1027 error field Dlt3gtfunc invalidly declared function type      typename SltX,6gtfunc func                             codepre  ul liWhy cant I declare codefunccode in a template derived class, while in nontemplate class its OKli liWhat exactly is invalidly declared function type what is invalid hereli ul
Negative 42922 pHi am working with WSO2 DSS 3.0.0 and postgresql.p  pI have deployed several Data services and are called my Wso2esb proxy services everything works fine but after some point of time am facing an error in my dss as shown belowp  precodeDS Fault Message Error in SQLQuery.processNormalQuery DS Code DATABASEERROR Source Data Service Name tlocationtrackDataService2.0 Location tlocationtrackDataService2.0.dbs Description NA Default Namespace httpws.wso2.orgdataservice Current Request Name InsertintotlocationtrackOP Current Params geolocation17.720311,78.473837, userid2579878364153500, trackdate1441129831385, accuracy54.0, deviceid353323065783531 Nested Exception DS Fault Message Error in createProcessedPreparedStatement DS Code UNKNOWNERROR Nested Exception org.postgresql.util.PSQLException This connection has been closed.           at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.query.SQLQuery.processNormalQuerySQLQuery.java808         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.query.SQLQuery.runQuerySQLQuery.java2098         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.query.Query.executeQuery.java252         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.CallQuery.executeElementCallQuery.java179         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.CallQueryGroup.executeElementCallQueryGroup.java111         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.OutputElement.executeOutputElement.java89         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.operation.Operation.executeOperation.java71         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.DataService.invokeDataService.java569         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.DSOMDataSource.executeDSOMDataSource.java99         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.DSOMDataSource.serializeDSOMDataSource.java110         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.engine.DSOMDataSource.getReaderDSOMDataSource.java116         at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.llom.OMSourcedElementImpl.getDirectReaderOMSourcedElementImpl.java225         at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.llom.OMSourcedElementImpl.getXMLStreamReaderOMSourcedElementImpl.java498         at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.llom.OMSourcedElementImpl.getXMLStreamReaderWithoutCachingOMSourcedElementImpl.java507         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.DBUtils.cloneAndReturnBuiltElementDBUtils.ja  va756             at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.dispatch.DataServiceRequest.dispatchDataServiceRequest.java288          at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java745 Caused by DS Fault Message Error in createProcessedPreparedStatement DS Code UNKNOWNERROR Nested Exception org.postgresql.util.PSQLException This connection has been closed.          at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.query.SQLQuery.createProcessedPreparedStatementSQLQuery.java1379         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.query.SQLQuery.processNormalQuerySQLQuery.java766         ... 52 more Caused by org.postgresql.util.PSQLException This connection has been closed.         at org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2Connection.checkClosedAbstractJdbc2Connection.java714         at org.postgresql.jdbc3.AbstractJdbc3Connection.prepareStatementAbstractJdbc3Connection.java361         at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor54.invokeUnknown Source         at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43         at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.ProxyConnection.invokeProxyConnection.java126         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.JdbcInterceptor.invokeJdbcInterceptor.java99         at org.wso2.carbon.ndatasource.rdbms.ConnectionRollbackOnReturnInterceptor.invokeConnectionRollbackOnReturnInterceptor.java51         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.JdbcInterceptor.invokeJdbcInterceptor.java99         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.interceptor.AbstractCreateStatementInterceptor.invokeAbstractCreateStatementInterceptor.java67         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.JdbcInterceptor.invokeJdbcInterceptor.java99         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.interceptor.ConnectionState.invokeConnectionState.java153         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.JdbcInterceptor.invokeJdbcInterceptor.java99         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.TrapException.invokeTrapException.java41         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.JdbcInterceptor.invokeJdbcInterceptor.java99         at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.DisposableConnectionFacade.invokeDisposableConnectionFacade.java63         at com.sun.proxy.Proxy12.prepareStatementUnknown Source         at org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core.description.query.SQLQuery.createProcessedPreparedStatementSQLQuery.java1305 codepre  pafter this all the data services are throwing the same error,what will be the root cause of this error and is any changes need to be done to avoid this error.p  pThanks...p
Negative 42922 pIs it possible in any way to make Microsoft Visual Studio Code to auto complete Parse JS SDK brI know it is possible with some other IDEs by importing the parse1.5.0.js file, but i found this IDE better...p
Negative 42922 pIve learned that a process has the following structure in memoryp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comdfPyq.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdfPyq.jpg altenter image description hereap  pImage from Operating System Concepts, page 82p  pHowever, it is not clear to me what decides that a process looks like this. I guess processes could and do look different if you have a look at nonstandard OS  architectures.p  pIs this structure decided by the OS By the compiler of the program By the computer architecture A combination of thosep
Negative 42922 pI wonder how I can achieve this p  pI have a view that is fetching a string from a json api and display a string.p  precodeannonsrubrik  results[platsannons][annons][annonsrubrik] codepre  pNow I want to add a buttonlink that will take the annonsrubrik and saves it to my MyStream model.p  pI know how to save it to the model, but I wonder how to make the button save it and send a notice to my noticep  precodeMyStream.createannonsrubrik gt annonsrubrik codepre  pThis is what I havep  pJobstreamControllerp  precodedef annons     results  JSON.parseopenhttpapi.arbetsformedlingen.seafv0platsannonserparams[annonsid], Accept gt applicationjson, AcceptLanguage gt sv.read  end codepre  pJobstream viewp  precodelth1gtlt results[platsannons][annons][annonsrubrik] gtlth1gt codepre  pMyStream controller is a scaffolded version and I have a table named annonsrubrik that is a string. p
Negative 42922 pI have the following code which uses sprayjson to deserialise some JSON into a case class, via the codeparseJsoncode method. p  pDepending on where the implicit JsonFormat[MyCaseClass] is defined inline or imported from companion object, and whether there is an explicit type provided when it is defined, the code may not compile.p  pI dont understand why importing the implicit from the companion object requires it to have an explicit type when it is defined, but if I put it inline, this is not the casep  pInterestingly, IntelliJ correctly locates the implicit parameters via cmdshiftp in all cases.p  pIm using Scala 2.11.7.p  pstrongBroken Code  Wildcard import from companion object, inferred typestrongp  precodeimport SampleApp. import spray.json.  class SampleApp    import MyJsonProtocol.   val inputJson  children[a, b, c]   printlnsDeserialise inputJson.parseJson.convertTo[MyCaseClass]   object SampleApp    case class MyCaseClasschildren List[String]    object MyJsonProtocol extends DefaultJsonProtocol      implicit val myCaseClassSchemaFormat  jsonFormat1MyCaseClass     codepre  pResults inp  precodeCannot find JsonReader or JsonFormat type class for SampleAppObject.MyCaseClass codepre  pNote that the same thing happens with an explicit import of the codemyCaseClassSchemaFormatcode implicit.p  pstrongWorking Code 1  Wildcard import from companion object, explicit typestrongp  pAdding an explicit type to the JsonFormat in the companion object causes the code to compilep  precodeimport SampleApp. import spray.json.  class SampleApp    import MyJsonProtocol.   val inputJson  children[a, b, c]   printlnsDeserialise inputJson.parseJson.convertTo[MyCaseClass]   object SampleApp    case class MyCaseClasschildren List[String]    object MyJsonProtocol extends DefaultJsonProtocol      Explicit type added here now     implicit val myCaseClassSchemaFormat JsonFormat[MyCaseClass]  jsonFormat1MyCaseClass     codepre  pstrongWorking Code 2  Implicits inline, inferred typestrongp  pHowever, putting the implicit parameters inline where they are used, emwithoutem the explicit type, also worksp  precodeimport SampleApp. import spray.json.  class SampleApp    import DefaultJsonProtocol.    Now inline custom JsonFormat rather than imported   implicit val myCaseClassSchemaFormat  jsonFormat1MyCaseClass    val inputJson  children[a, b, c]   printlnsDeserialise inputJson.parseJson.convertTo[MyCaseClass]   object SampleApp    case class MyCaseClasschildren List[String]  codepre
Negative 42922 pI want to build a new single page app using strongRails 4strong and strongAngularstrong and strongCapistranostrong for deployment process. I want all the front end to be a static app on strongAmazon S3strong, but Im openminded for other suggestions. Whats important to me is a fast developing process with the ability to scale up easily.   p  pI was wondering what is the best structure I should usep  ol lipkeep all assets in appassets and set strongBowerstrong path to vender directory. that way i can use rails precompile methods and enjoying Rails html tags for index.html, but im sure it will be easy to upload it to S3 and keep it separated.pli lipkeep all assets including strongBowerstrong components in publicapp directory, which will keep it as a complete separate application, but then i need to use strongGruntstrong or any other service for precompiling assets.pli lipany other ideapli ol
Negative 42922 pHaving a problem filtering by a property that is in the documents Im trying to return... Not even sure how to word the question. By examplep  pIm making a system where a user will be alerted if a job pops up near them. That user is defined likep  precodevar user  new Schema     location type[Number], index 2dsphere, requiredtrue,     maxDistance typeNumber, requiredtrue,  codepre  pAnd the jobp  precodevar job  new Schema     location type[Number], index 2dsphere, requiredtrue,  codepre  pWhen a job is created, how do I find the the right users I need the the .maxDistance property from the user...p  precodevar job  new job, save, etc.  users.find     location near job.location, maxDistance user.maxDistance  , functionerr, users codepre  pIs there a way of doing this Thanksp
Negative 42922 precodefunction initialize           define a defaultposition         var coords  new google.maps.MVCObject         coords.setlatlng, new google.maps.LatLng52.370215, 4.895167          if navigator.geolocation              navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPositionsuccess                    set new value for coords         function successposition              coords.setlatlng,                 new google.maps.LatLngposition.coords.latitude,                     position.coords.longitude                   var mapOptions               zoom 17,             center coords.getlatlng                   var map  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmap,                        mapOptions          var marker  new google.maps.Marker             position coords.getlatlng,             animation google.maps.Animation.DROP,             map map,                    var infoWindow  new google.maps.InfoWindowmap map           observe the latlngproperty of coords,         and update marker and mapcenter when it changes         google.maps.event.addListenerOncecoords, latlngchanged, function               var latlng  this.getlatlng             map.setCenterlatlng             marker.setPositionlatlng                infoWindow.setPositionlatlng             infoWindow.setContentltpgtYou are here.ltpgt                     google.maps.event.addDomListenerwindow, load, initialize codepre  pAbove code is to show the users location in google maps. I am trying to fix the following issuesp  p1 When I execute it, I see the animation marker, but the infoWindow hides it I want to show the text content over the animation window and I want to show it by default. a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netdoktormollerttvLsLs relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netdoktormollerttvLsLsabr 2 I dont want to prompt the user to click allowshare location. I want to show their location when the page loadsp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to use best sharing for my app. I want to share audio file .mp3. I tried codeUIActivityViewControllercode and codeUIDocumentInteractionControllercode. Both are working but they have different options to share. With codeUIDocumentInteractionControllercode I have much more options. I have audio apps and player apps in there. In codeUIActivityViewControllercode I get fewer options. I can activate more options but still there is many apps missing. Why is that Why codeUIDocumentInteractionControllercode have much more apps to share withp  pExample of my code usingp  precodeIBAction func activityShareButtonTappedsender AnyObject       let fileUrl  NSURLfileURLWithPath self.audioFilePath             let activityItems  [fileUrl]      let activityVC  UIActivityViewControlleractivityItems activityItems, applicationActivities nil      activityVC.popoverPresentationController.sourceView  self.view       activityVC.completionWithItemsHandler            activityType, completed, items, error in           if completed              printCompleted With Activity Type activityType                       self.presentViewControlleractivityVC, animated true, completion nil            let docController  UIDocumentInteractionControllerURL fileUrl      docController.delegate  self      docController.presentPreviewAnimatedtrue  codepre  pAs you can see I am using same path for both controllers and I am not excluding any services.p
Negative 42922 pI have the following query, and what I am trying to do is take the query data, replicate it but change the names on the column headers from FY14 Q1 to FY14 Q2 and change the filters in the query. p  pIs there a way I can have this data shown all in one big table by combining the different queries Please help. p  precodeSelect H.OpportunityID, H.CREATEDDATE, H.STAGENAME as Q114 Stage, H.CLOSEDATE as Q114 Close Date From  SELECT     OpportunityID, MaxCREATEDDATE as MaxDate           FROM [BVSFWarehouse].[dbo].[sfOPPORTUNITYHISTORY] WHERE     CREATEDDATE  lt 20130501   GROUP BY      OpportunityID X  Join [BVSFWarehouse].[dbo].[sfOPPORTUNITYHISTORY] H ON H.OpportunityID  X.OpportunityID      And X.MaxDate  H.CREATEDDATE codepre
Negative 42922 pI am attempting to implement UIrouter resolves which will return a result even if the API call fails. Our app has backend permissions, and if the call fails, I still need to show nested pages which wont load if a resolve calls fails normally, unless it is wrapped into a q promise. I implement it like this with httpp  precoderesolve      kittens [q, timeout,http, function q, timeout, http,              var url  some api url             return http.get url                 .thenfunctionresult return statustrue , data result ,                 function return statusfalse  on failure, return this         ],  codepre  pThe above works perfectly  it returns what I need on both call success and failure, however, it seems to fail if I try it with Restangular, the code below works finep  precode                        kittens function Restangular                              return Restangular                                 .onestuff, 999999999999                                 .allstuffInStuff.getList                                 .thenfunction result                                      return result                                                          , codepre  pbut if I try this with the abovep  precode                                .thenfunction result                                      return result                                 , functionerrorreturn error codepre  pthe failure doesnt return anything and the controller isnt instantiated. I dont understand why this happens. I thought both http.get and Restangular.one.all.getList as an example are both equivalent promises, that either return a result or fail. Whats the difference How do I provide a resolve value on call fail with Restangular p  pEdit Btw, I did read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25962417howtohandleerrorinangularuiroutersresolvethis posta, and I understand that if a UIrouter resolve isnt wrapped, it fails if the promise is rejected, but I dont seem to fully get how to approach it with Restanagular...p  pedit 3 This fails as wellp  precode                                .thenfunction result                                      return result                                                                  .catchfunction error                                      return error                                  codepre
Negative 42922 pIm making a webapp that will search cards based on parameters given.p  pThe problem lies on the fact that the cards have different types. For instance one card may have something like codeincome 4code, while another behaves completely different and has an attribute codecost  5code. All i meant is that my JSON has 5 types of different objects, that although they share many similarities, they have certain distinctions.p  pSo lets  say that my user searches for a card based on the Title. All of them has this attribute, so its fairly easy to make an condition like this.p  precodeif item.name.toLowerCase.indexOfcardParams.searchTitle.toLowerCase  gt 1 ampamp cardParams.searchTitle  null  ampamp cardParams         .searchTitle.length gt 0 codepre  pBut what if my user wants to search the text in the body too All of them the have one too, so this leads to another condition with starts making things awkward.p  pFurthermore, lets way that my user triggers my worst case scenario and asks for two attributes that no card has them at the same time along with the ones above. One would say that i should work on my form to make them mutually exclusive, but programmatically this is beyond me. p  pWhat ive decided to go for is to search for each attribute seperately and save the results all into an array. If i have as many duplicates of an card as many valid attributes not null or empty, then i would keep them.p  pThis is really really clumsy and not optimal. Im sure there are very simple solutions that i cant think of.p  pHow can i proceed such a problem Is creating tons of conditions the only way to go What should i dop  pEdit Thanks for the downvotes. Its like i ask for fun.p
Negative 42922 pTo start with I turned the tree into a list You insert an already tokenized sentence and it returns a tree.p  precodedef LanguageCreateTreetokenizedSentence     cp  nltk.RegexpParserGRAMMAR     result  cp.parsetokenizedSentence     result  strresult     printresult  gtgtgt A red cat with a hat S ADT VP redVBN NP catNN withIN aDT hatJJ codepre  pHow would I go about to make a list with lists in it based on this string I need it to be able to make a list like thisp  precode[[A,DT], [VP, [red,VBN], [NP, [cat,NN]]], [with,IN], [a,DT], [hat,JJ]]] codepre
Negative 42922 pThere is no documentation at all.p  pI know I have to implement my own IUser, my own IUserSTore and somehow register them in the startup.cs. I removed all references to EntityFramework as I want to use a NoSQL backend.p  pThe convention philosophy is very nice as long as it is documented and public.p  pAny hintp
Negative 42922 pI am trying to disable the fade of a modal in bootstrap, but it will not work what ever I do, I have tried the below code but sitll not luck, I have looked all over google but no information on this I have noticed, except the 2 css things I have tried in the below code.p  precode.dontfade      trasition none     opacity 1  codepre  pI just want to disable the fade of a modal, and just have it like a div ontop of the whole page, without the fade.p  pHeres my html of my modalp  precodelt Information on user popup gt ltdiv idbanModal classmodal roledialog stylegt ltdiv classmodaldialoggt  lt Modal contentgt ltdiv classmodalcontentgt ltdiv classmodalheadergt ltbutton typebutton classclose datadismissmodalgtamptimesltbuttongt lth4 classmodaltitlegtWelcomelth4gt ltdivgt ltdiv classmodalbodygt ltpgtHello, here is some testltpgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgtltdivgt codepre
Negative 42922 pHope you are all well. I have very little knowledge in coding so any help is very much appreciated.p  pI am currently using the following steam authentication system on my joomla website. a hrefhttpsgithub.comSmItH197SteamAuthentication relnofollowhttpsgithub.comSmItH197SteamAuthenticationa p  pThe login system works perfectly apart from the logout button but that is for later, however the issue is that when a user signsin through steam, the user is not created in joomla, so my other joomla plugins such as Alphauser points do not respond to the user being logged in. There is no syncing with the steam login.p  pI am wondering if there is anyway that the steamID and the password can be pulled from the steam login in order to automatically create a linked joomla user steamid as username, and if possible to create a random email address or even copy the email from steam.p  pThank you in advance.p  pJoep
Negative 42922 pI have a Google visualisation table that has a number of filters. The first column contains a check box, then on submit of a form the checked rows are updated in a database via PHP with the checked value. This works fine.p  pThe issue that Im experiencing is when a user ticks some checkboxes and then applies a filter on the table  the previously selected checkboxes become unticked. What is the best way of preventing this behaviour p  pJSfiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netJazParkynamwfpvsu relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netJazParkynamwfpvsuap  precodeltdiv iddashboardgt     ltpgtClick column names to sort data andor choose data filter optionsltpgt     ltdiv idpickerlocation classtablefiltergtltdivgt     ltdiv idpickerpostcode classtablefiltergtltdivgt     ltdiv idpickersector classtablefiltergtltdivgt     ltbr gt     ltbr gt     ltlabel classcheckboxgt         ltinput typecheckbox idselectall gtSelectDeselect Allltlabelgt     ltbr gt     ltbr gt     ltdiv idtablecontactsgtltdivgt ltdivgt  google.loadvisualization, 1.1,      packages [corechart, table, controls]   function drawVisualization       var datacompanytable  new google.visualization.DataTable     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Subscribed     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Contact     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Position     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Company     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Location     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Postcode     datacompanytable.addColumnstring, Sector       datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[162] value1  gt, Mr Glen Eastwood, Operations Director, Birtwistles Butchers, Manchester, M44 5FS, Butchers]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[7] value1  gt, Mr Tony Arrowsmith, Trading Manager, A F Blakemore Fresh Food Ltd, Wolverhampton, WV10 7QZ, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[8] value1  gt, Mr Joe Booker, Operations Manager, A F Blakemore Fresh Food Ltd, Wolverhampton, WV10 7QZ, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[9] value1  gt, Ms Brigid Davidson, Trading Director, A F Blakemore Fresh Food Ltd, Wolverhampton, WV10 7QZ, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[155] value1  gt, Mr Steve Irons, Contracts Manager, Bestway Batleys Foodservice, London, NW10 7BW, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[167] value1  gt, Mr Guy Farrant, Managing Director, Booker Ltd, Northants, NN8 1LT, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[168] value1  gt, Mr Jeff Parker, QA Manager Fresh Produce, Booker Ltd, Northants, NN8 1LT, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[421] value1  gt, Mr Daniel Ox, , Fruit for the office, Romford, RM3 0HU, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[438] value1  gt, Sir  Madam  , Technical Manager, Gilbert Thompson Ltd, , LS9 0PX, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[488] value1  gt, Mr Mike Igoe, Commercial Director, Heron Foods, East Yorks, HU14 3HJ, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[538] value1  gt, Ms Ying Cao, Buyer for Fresh and Frozen Meat, JJ Food Service, Enfield, EN3 7XY, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[539] value1  gt, Mr Gurku Cigdem, Category Buyer, JJ Food Service, Enfield, EN3 7XY, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[811] value1  gt, Mr Martin Moston, Quality Manager, Staples Vegetables Ltd, Boston, PE22 9JL, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[877] value1  gt, Mr Christian Paynton, Director, United Fresh Consortium, Banbury, OX16 6FW, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[905] value1  gt, Mr Andrew Yarnall, Operations Manager, Wing Yip plc, Birmingham, B7 5NT, Cash amp Carry  Wholesale]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[27] value1  gt, Mr Gary Kennerley, Operations Director, Absolute Taste Ltd, London, SW18 1SR, Catering Big]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[30] value1  gt, Mr Peter Tate, Purchasing, Accent Catering, Middlesex, TW18 4BB, Catering Big]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[417] value1  gt, Mr Nigel Jenny, Chairman, Fresh Produce Consortium, Peterborough, PE2 6FT, Trade Assoc]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[271] value1  gt, Mr Alex Brown, , Crowd Purchasing, Harrogate, HG2 8PB, Unknown]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[349] value1  gt, Mr Alexandre PierronDarbonne, General Manager, El Grupo Planasa, Navarra, , Unknown]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[924] value1  gt, Miss Jaz Parkyn, , FSL Data, Wadebridge, PL27 6HB, Unknown]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[721] value1  gt, Sir  Madam  , , POM Wonderful, Los Angeles, 90064, Unknown]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[803] value1  gt, Mr Justin Chadwick, CEO, South African Citrus Growers Association, , , Unknown]     datacompanytable.addRow[ltinput typecheckbox classselectall namesubs[833] value1  gt, Mr Dan Batrack, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President, Tetra Tech, Swindon, SN2 8BL, Unknown]      var pickerlocation  new google.visualization.ControlWrapper         controlType CategoryFilter,             containerId pickerlocation,             options              filterColumnLabel Location,                 ui                  labelStacking vertical,                     allowTyping false,                     allowMultiple false                                  var pickerpostcode  new google.visualization.ControlWrapper         controlType CategoryFilter,             containerId pickerpostcode,             options              filterColumnLabel Postcode,                 ui                  labelStacking vertical,                     allowTyping false,                     allowMultiple false                                 var pickersector  new google.visualization.ControlWrapper         controlType CategoryFilter,             containerId pickersector,             options              filterColumnLabel Sector,                 ui                  labelStacking vertical,                     allowTyping false,                     allowMultiple false                                 var table  new google.visualization.ChartWrapper         chartType Table,             containerId tablecontacts,         options              allowHtml true                    new google.visualization.Dashboarddocument.getElementByIddashboard.     bind[pickerlocation, pickerpostcode, pickersector], [table].     drawdatacompanytable   google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawVisualization  document.readyfunction       var checkboxes  .selectall      selectall.clickfunction event          if this.checked              .selectall.eachfunction                   this.checked  true                       else              .selectall.eachfunction                   this.checked  false                             codepre
Negative 42922 pSo i have managed to get together a thumbnail scroller which when you click on thumbnails it will slide the thumbnails to the left which is great but cannot work out how i can scroll them back if you click on thumbnails more to the left if you know what i mean. Have a play and your see what i mean.p  pThanks in advancep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction      var realSlider ulbxslider.bxSlider         speed1000,         pagerfalse,         nextText,         prevText,         mode fade,         captions true,         infiniteLoopfalse,         hideControlOnEndtrue,         onSlideBeforefunctionslideElement, oldIndex, newIndex             changeRealThumbrealThumbSlider,newIndex                            var realThumbSliderulbxsliderpager.bxSlider         minSlides 4,         maxSlides 4,         slideWidth 200,         slideMargin 12,         moveSlides 1,         pagerfalse,         speed1000,         infiniteLoopfalse,         hideControlOnEndtrue,         nextTextltspangtltspangt,         prevTextltspangtltspangt,         onSlideBeforefunctionslideElement, oldIndex, newIndex             jsliderThumbReal ul .active.removeClassactive             slideElement.addClassactive                             linkRealSlidersrealSlider,realThumbSlider      ifbxsliderpager li.lengthlt5         bxsliderpager .bxnext.hide            sincronizza sliders realizzazioni     function linkRealSlidersbigS,thumbS         ulbxsliderpager.onclick,a,functionevent             event.preventDefault             var newIndexthis.parent.attrdataslideIndex             bigS.goToSlidenewIndex                    sliderthumbSlider. slider is the realslider     function changeRealThumbslider,newIndex         var thumbSbxsliderpager         thumbS.find.active.removeClassactive         thumbS.findli[dataslideIndexnewIndex].addClassactive         ifslider.getSlideCountnewIndexgt4slider.goToSlidenewIndex         else slider.goToSlideslider.getSlideCount4           codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2jsjquery.easing.1.3.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2jsjquery.fitvids.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2jsjquery.bxslider.jsgtltscriptgt ltlink typetextcss relstylesheet hrefhttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2cssjquery.bxslider.css gt  ltul idbxslidergt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded1.jpg altCustom Branded 1 titleAmbient Lounge was commissioned by a large promotional company to develop dynamic bean bags for their beer and spirits group  for use at festivals and company sponsored events. The Becks bean bag main fabric is a custom pantone green waterproof material with white contrast piping to help highlight the the logo. The brand logo was positioned side, front and back of the bean bag to be highly visible. The result is beautiful. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded14.jpg altCustom Branded 14 titleAustralian Property Group Rockend wanted to stand out from the crowd when presenting their open house inspections. What better way than beautifully branded designer bean bags. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded13.jpg altCustom Branded 13 titleSpotify wanted outdoor loungers for their spectacular media and music parties on the Skyline of Singapore. Wanting something of class to befit the brand, they went for our embroidered patches.  gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded12.jpg altCustom Branded 12 titleGrffiths University University bought some bean bags from Ambient Lounge for O week orientation week where new students get to enjoy the facilities, concerts, speeches, films and really showcase the benefits of their University. The bean bags were beautifully printed and a huge hit. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded2.jpg altCustom Branded 2 titleThe same promotional company had Mikes hard lemonade in their stable of brands. Again the bean bag was tried in the custom pantone lemon  which looked fantastic however the company advised us that it was more in keeping with their promotional colours to use the black. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded3.jpg altCustom Branded 3 titleThe evolution from Custom Branded 2 brings us to the more correct version that we did for Mikes hard lemonade in black. We listened to them and added a transport bag that allows the company to deliver the bean bag furniture to events in a highly visual way s well as protecting the individual bean bags from scuffing. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded4.jpg altCustom Branded 4 titleThredbo mountain Australia Internationally renowned Veuve Cliquot run absolutely amazing events every year called Cliquot in the snow. We made bean bags in custom Veuve orange pantone that now only stood up to the blizzard conditions but looked bright and stunning scattered around the stark white backdrop of the mountain. Revellers had a unique experience of lounging around in the snow sipping champagne that they will never forget and the orange branding and luxurious experience would have left an everlasting impression on all that were invited. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded5.jpg altCustom Branded 5 titleNissan is one of the most recognised car brands in the world. For their test drive showrooms Ambient Lounge branded up many beautiful revved up red bean bags with Nissan and their slogan at the time shift luxury. It was visual and a great way to get their message across. Nissan also used the bean bags at events. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded6.jpg altCustom Branded 6 titleThis image was taken at Londons Canary Wharf Film Festival. Although it was a rare sunny day in the old dart, punters had a completely unique way to view movies in total comfort in that country although it is common in many other countries. Events like these are perfect to add sponsor logos to bean bag furniture. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded7.jpg altCustom Branded 7 titleCape Mentelle make some of the finest white wines or any wines in the world. Set in the most picturesque Margaret River Australia we made branded bean bag furniture that they could use outside at their outdoor cinema for special guess of the winery. Sipping fine wine, amidst beautiful gardens on designer branded bean bags. Total heaven and a marketers dream too. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded8.jpg altCustom Branded 8 titleThe Australian open tennis is an event that got over 600,000 people attending in both 2012 and 2013. Heineken are a main sponsor and one of the ways to have their brand totally immersed in the even is to provide branded bean bags in the outside areas of Rod Laver Arena. What that means is a high  of the 600,000 saw the bean bags and fought for the right to sit on them in Australias summer. Huge success and the only problem was that we couldnt seat everybody gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded9.jpg altCustom Branded 9 titleRealestate.com.au wanted an interior bean bag that reflected their designer properties and quality. We provided branded bean bags for their offices around Australia with embroidered logo on a colour that reflected their corporate identity. Tactile and beautiful  it was a great promotion. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded10.jpg altCustom Branded 10 titleRekorderlig Cider is a Swedish brand that make amazing cider They loved our promotional branded bean bags so much that they did branded bean bags with us in multiple countries. Wherever you had the chance to see their promotions at events in Europe or Australia you could see our bean bags enjoyed by their super happy drinking crowd. gtltligt         ltligtltimg srchttpwww.ambientlounge.comexternalcustomv2imagescustombranded11.jpg altCustom Branded 11 titleWell we love Rekorderlig so much that we put in another pic. You think these guys are loving life or what They go away from events feeling so good. So, so much better than standing up or sitting on the grass and each branded bean bags comes at about the cost of a sign. This is branded signage that is truly interactive. gtltligt     ltulgt     ltul idbxsliderpagergt         ltli  dataslideIndex0 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex1 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex2 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex3 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex4 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex5 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex6 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex7 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex8 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex9 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex10 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex11 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex12 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt         ltli  dataslideIndex13 classthumbitemgtlta hrefgtltimg srchttpplacehold.it200x200gtltagtltligt     ltulgtcodepre div div p
Negative 42922 pThis might be an easy fix, but I cannot find anything about this specific problem. I have an angular app that I have been editing using Webstorm. All was well, then I had to duplicate that entire project as we are extending functionality for different purpose. I have been working on the new duplicated project in WebStorm and made many changes. p  pNow, when I go back to the original project and open using WebStorm, then preview I get white screen of death and console shows that its looking for files that are associated with the new project. Why is the old project looking for files that dont exist in that projectp  pSite structure is exactly the same, but its looking for files in other directories when previewed in browser from WebStorm.p  pI have deleted and removed .idea directory and reloaded into WebStorm with no luck.p  pAny help greatly appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pI am wondering what does the querying if the connection is in transaction or not actually do  p  pExample  p  precode.... try    if not DATAMODULE.ACRDatabase1.InTransaction then        DATAMODULE.ACRDatabase1.StartTransaction    ....    DATAMODULE.ACRDatabase1.Commit except    DATAMODULE.ACRDatabase1.Rollback codepre  pDoes it temporarily stop the current transaction if it detects that there is another transaction going on and waits for the other transaction to complete and only then executes or what Or does it just misfire rollback if theres another transaction detectedp
Negative 42922 pI am creating a Loop that will let me rsync files from a variable directory one level above and then bzip those files at every level, infinitely until I press CTRLC. So far this is what I have for the shell scriptp  precodewhile   do          rsync av ..gene .         bzip2 kv          bzip2 kv          bzip2 kv          bzip2 kv          bzip2 kv          bzip2 kv          bzip2 kv          echo Press [CTRLC] to stop..         sleep 1 done codepre  pWhat I would like to have happen is it ask for the directory that it should rsync from. The directory is not always gene and is variable, so user input is a must. Any help with this and possibly cleaning the script up is much appreciated.p
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to write a vim plugin using the vim python module that handles basic bracket completion I know this exists, its more of a learning exercise.  Ive run in to an issue where Id like to remap  to a function in insert mode.  Co is an option, but when it leaves insert mode, it moves  the cursor to the left which trashes the cursor position.  As far as I can think, its impossible to tell if the  was entered at pos 0 or pos 1, because either will end up with pos of 0 while in the function call.p  pIve tried implementing it with expr or Cr, but the issue is Id like to control cursor position after the insert of the bracket i.e. move to the right of the bracket and edit the buffer both of which arent allowed in when using expr or Cr.p  pSo, is there a way to either call a function in insert mode that allows editing the bufferchanging cursor position  If not, is there a way to capture the cursor position prior to leaving insert modep
Negative 42922 pI want my application developed using spring portlets to work when it is not connected to a network. I have used the HTML5 offline using appcache feature and developed a sample servlet and it is working perfectly fine.p  pThe same is not working in portlets.p  pIs there any limitation with portletbased applications I searched the Web but could not find  much information on this.p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to call JAXRS service from Angular with ngResource but withous success, here is my java code p  pstrongJAXRS codestrong p  precode    GET     Producesapplicationjson     Pathnomnom     public Response getGaresNomPathParamnom String nom          CollectionltGaregt gares  new Actions.ActionGare.listeGaresNOMnom         JSONArray garesJson  new JSONArraygares         return Response.status200.headerAccessControlAllowOrigin, ServeurBubbleTrip.entitygaresJson.toString.build       and here the url pattern is       httplocalhost10080ServeurBubbleTripwsgaresnom      Example      httplocalhost10080ServeurBubbleTripwsgaresnomcarcassonne     will return this array     [idgarestopareaOCESA87615286,nomgare de Carcassonne Carcassonne]      httplocalhost10080ServeurBubbleTripwsgaresnomnimes      will return an other array etc...     [idgarestopareaOCESA87775007,nomgare de Nmes Nmes,idgarestopareaOCESA87775072,nomgare de StCsaire Nmes] codepre  pand now Ive tried this in a controller to test ngResource p  pstrongapp.jsstrongp  precode.controllerGareCtrl, functionscope, resource             scope.chercherParNom  function                     var Gare  resourcehttplocalhost10080ServeurBubbleTripwsgaresnomnom                     var resultat  Gare.getnom  scope.nomGare, functiondata                         console.logdata                                                   codepre  pscope.nomGare come from an html form with an input with ngmodelnomGare and when I submit form, the button calls the method chercherParNom..p  pWhen I submit form, I can see in chrome console this p  pcodee promise Promise, resolved truecode but the response tab is empty...p  pCould you tell me please whats wrong here  Thanks in advance.p
Negative 42922 pI am getting an error Command failed due to signal Segmentation fault 11 at runtime.  I believe this is a compile error because when I clean my code it does not have any errors, only when I run amp build.  I am using the new Xcode beta 7.1.  I also built it through my Xcode 7.0 but received same error.p  pThe Swift code has previously built with no errors.  This code is dealing with a Parse backend and querying some info to display to a user here is the logs belowp  precode  1.    While typechecking viewDidLoad at UsersUserDocumentsDocumentsProjectNameUserProfile.swift2714 2.  While typechecking expression at [UsersUserDocumentsDocumentsProjectNameUserProfile.swift349  line559] RangeTextquery.findObjectsInBackgroundWithBlock          objects [AnyObject], error NSError gt Void in          if error  nil              if let objects  objects as [PFObject]                  for object in objects                      let userImageFile PFFile  object.objectForKeyProfPhoto as PFFile                     userImageFile.getDataInBackgroundWithBlock                          imageData NSData, error NSError gt Void in                         if error  nil                              if let imageData  imageData                                  self.ProfileImage.image  UIImagedataimageData                                                                                                                   else               Log details of the failure             printError error error.userInfo                3. While typechecking expression at [UsersUserDocumentsDocumentsProjectNameUserProfile.swift349  line559] RangeTextquery.findObjectsInBackgroundWithBlock          objects [AnyObject], error NSError gt Void in          if error  nil              if let objects  objects as [PFObject]                  for object in objects                      let userImageFile PFFile  object.objectForKeyProfPhoto as PFFile                     userImageFile.getDataInBackgroundWithBlock                          imageData NSData, error NSError gt Void in                         if error  nil                              if let imageData  imageData                                  self.ProfileImage.image  UIImagedataimageData                                                                                                                   else               Log details of the failure             printError error error.userInfo                 4.    While typechecking expression at [UsersUserDocumentsDocumentsProjectNameUserProfile.swift3448  line559] RangeText         objects [AnyObject], error NSError gt Void in          if error  nil              if let objects  objects as [PFObject]                  for object in objects                      let userImageFile PFFile  object.objectForKeyProfPhoto as PFFile                     userImageFile.getDataInBackgroundWithBlock                          imageData NSData, error NSError gt Void in                         if error  nil                              if let imageData  imageData                                  self.ProfileImage.image  UIImagedataimageData                                                                                                                   else               Log details of the failure             printError error error.userInfo               codepre
Negative 42922 pIm attempting to take elements that are statically or relatively positioned and absolutely position them relative their parent container without changing their physical location on the screen.p  pHere is my approachp  precodefunction changePositionelement   var instance     instance.element  element   instance.parent  instance.element.parentElement   instance.dim  instance.element.getBoundingClientRect   instance.parent.dim  instance.parent.getBoundingClientRect   instance.element.style.left  instance.dim.left  instance.parent.dim.left  px   instance.element.style.top  instance.dim.top  instance.parent.dim.top  px   instance.element.style.position  absolute  changePositiondocument.getElementByIdthing1 changePositiondocument.getElementByIdthing2 codepre  pThe HTMLp  precodeltdivgt   ltinput idthing1 gt   ltinput idthing2 gt ltdivgt codepre  pOn JSFiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netoumt0nkv2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netoumt0nkv2ap  pWithout the codeposition  absolutecode, it calculates and applies codeleftcode and codetopcode as expected. However, when I add that line back in both the codeleftcode and codetopcode get set to code0pxcode.p  pIf I explicitly use code100pxcode instead of variables for the codeleftcode and codetopcode values, it works as expected.p  pI dont know why this is happening. If the codeposition  absolutecode line was before the lines setting codeleftcode and codetopcode I might understand it. This way, it appears some of these lines of code are happening asynchronouslyp  pThis is occurring in both Chrome and Firefox. Thank youp
Negative 42922 pI have created a google contextual gadgetButton, for each Gamil message that when someone press it that mail should be forwarded to some given address.I have created contextual gadget successfully but How can i forward a Gmail using Jsthat i have to write in gadget.xml. confuse between various authorization process of gmail, not even sure it will require or not for mail forwarding Kindly help meguide mep
Negative 42922 pWhat python version does app engine usep  pThis is related to problems Im having on mac osx with getting pycrypto to work. Because the python version now in mac is 2.7.1. When Google says the python version for app engine is 2.7 do they mean precisely 2.7.0 Or is python 2.7.1 okay toop  pCan this cause problems for my local install of pycrypto  which I installed with pip codesudo pip install pycrypto2.6code The pycrypto library works correctly, but it somehow messes up app engine running a development server. The logging doesnt show all errors or logs which I expect to appear there.p
Negative 42922 pI took one of my previous exercises and added some complexity to it. You can find my original problem under a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions32559536selectcasewithoverpartitionbyselect case with quotover partition byquotap  pThe scenario using SQL Server 2012p  precode create table testing b varchar 20, a date, c int, e int   insert into testing b,a,c,e  values     xf1m,20150302,1,3,     xf3m,20150302,2,5,     xf5y,20150302,4,2,     xf10y,20150302,3,6,     ay10y,20150302,7,2,     adfe1m,20150302,2,5,     xm1m,20130201,7,2,     xf15y,20130201,1,8,     xf20y,20130201,10,1 codepre  pAfter using this queryp  precodeselect     b, a, c, e,     substring b, 1, CHARINDEX , b  1 rnc,     substringb, CHARINDEX, b  1, LEN b rnb,     case          when b like xf then               sumc  e over partition by a  end as sumProduct into testing2 from testing  select      ,     case          when b like xf then           sumc  e over partition by a  end as sumProduct into testing3 from testing2  select   from testing3 codepre  pI am getting thisp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comILQTR.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comILQTR.png altenter image description hereap  pOnly that now I want to calculate the sumProduct partitioned by rnc and date column a.  How to do this I tried with group by, but im having troubles with the unequal number from the select and the number of items im grouping by.p  pSo, Id stronglike to rewrite somehow like thisstrongp  precode sumc  e over partition by a and partition by rnc  as sumProduct codepre
Negative 42922 pspark sortByKey  key is type of Case Class p  precoderdd.filterline gt    ifStringUtils.isEmptyline     false   else     true    .mapline gt      val array  line.split,   OrderedKeyarray0,array1,array2 .repartition1.sortByKeytrue.foreachprintln codepre  pcase class OrderedKeyk1String,k2Stringp  pbut the result not sort  why p
Negative 42922 pI have been trying to fetch emails body via php imapfetchbody but the problem is that some message are not html type which means they are text type.p  pFetching these text type messages contains paragraph and does not contains codeltbrgtcode p  pDue to which i get messgaes all jumbled up on a single line. They might contain nr.p  pBut when I try to echo them I get single line.p  pBut I want things to have paragraph along with the beauty of there typing, the way they typed.p  pThey might be using some king of mail client.p  pso kindly anyone can look into this.p  precodeprotected function initMailPartIncomingMail mail, partStructure, partNum, markAsSeen  true      options  FTUID     ifmarkAsSeen          options  FTPEEK        data  partNum  imapfetchbodythisgtgetImapStream, mailgtid, partNum, options  imapbodythisgtgetImapStream, mailgtid, options      ifpartStructuregtencoding  1          data  imaputf8data          elseifpartStructuregtencoding  2          data  imapbinarydata          elseifpartStructuregtencoding  3          data  imapbase64data          elseifpartStructuregtencoding  4          data  quotedprintabledecodedata           params  array     ifemptypartStructuregtparameters          foreachpartStructuregtparameters as param              params[strtolowerparamgtattribute]  paramgtvalue                   ifemptypartStructuregtdparameters          foreachpartStructuregtdparameters as param              paramName  strtolowerpregmatch., paramgtattribute, matches  matches[1]  paramgtattribute             ifissetparams[paramName]                  params[paramName] . paramgtvalue                          else                  params[paramName]  paramgtvalue                                 attachments     attachmentId  partStructuregtifid          trimpartStructuregtid,  ltgt          issetparams[filename]  issetparams[name]  mtrand . mtrand  null      ifattachmentId          ifemptyparams[filename] ampamp emptyparams[name]              fileName  attachmentId . . . strtolowerpartStructuregtsubtype                  else              fileName  emptyparams[filename]  params[filename]  params[name]             fileName  thisgtdecodeMimeStrfileName, thisgtserverEncoding             fileName  thisgtdecodeRFC2231fileName, thisgtserverEncoding                  attachment  new IncomingMailAttachment         attachmentgtid  attachmentId         attachmentgtname  fileName         ifthisgtattachmentsDir              replace  array                 s gt ,                 [09az.]iu gt ,                  gt ,                  gt ,                          fileSysName  pregreplace[], , mailgtid .  . attachmentId .  . pregreplacearraykeysreplace, replace, fileName             attachmentgtfilePath  thisgtattachmentsDir .............public. DIRECTORYSEPARATOR . fileSysName             fileputcontentsattachmentgtfilePath, data                  mailgtaddAttachmentattachment          else          ifemptyparams[charset]              data  thisgtconvertStringEncodingdata, params[charset], thisgtserverEncoding                  ifpartStructuregttype  0 ampamp data              ifstrtolowerpartStructuregtsubtype  plain                  mailgttextPlain . data                          else                  mailgttextHtml . data                               elseifpartStructuregttype  2 ampamp data              mailgttextPlain . trimdata                   ifemptypartStructuregtparts          foreachpartStructuregtparts as subPartNum gt subPartStructure              ifpartStructuregttype  2 ampamp partStructuregtsubtype  RFC822                  thisgtinitMailPartmail, subPartStructure, partNum, markAsSeen                          else                  thisgtinitMailPartmail, subPartStructure, partNum . . . subPartNum  1, markAsSeen                             codepre
Negative 42922 pI have one POS system which is having configuration of strong2 GB RAM, Dual Core processorstrong. POS Embedded windows is strongPOSREADY 9strong and POS software is strongVISTA 4.3strong.p  pI dont want to give keyboard access on system computer. Everything will be working using touch events.p  pIn POS windows, we are running 2 applications. p  ol liPOS SOFTWARE  VISTA 4.3li liBrowser Application.li ol  pI want to create a button on touch screen in windows POSREADY 9 which is having functionality of switching the windows. i.e. It will work as a Alt  Tab.p  pCould you please guide me how to do this in quicker way p
Negative 42922 pa hrefhttpsyoutu.belooJcaeboBY relnofollowHerea and a hrefhttppursuit.purescript.orgpackagespurescriptaff0.11.0 relnofollowherea it is said that the Continuation Monad solves the callback hell.p  pRX and FRP also solve the Callback hell. p  pIf all these three tools solve the Callback hell then the following question arisesp  pIn Eriks video it is said that RXContinuation Monad. Is that really true If yes, could you show the mapping p  pIF RX is not  Cont. Monad then what is the difference between RX and Continuation Monad p  pSimilarly, what is the difference  between FRP and the Continuation Monad p  pIn other words, assuming that the reader knows what FRP or RX is, how can the reader easily understand what the Continuation Monad is  p  pIs it possibleeasy to understand what the Continuation Monad is by comparing it with RX or FRP p
Negative 42922 pI just installed Android Studio, but whenever I try to run the emulator it gives me errors like thesep  precodeCUsersAyuschAppDataLocalAndroidsdktoolsemulator.exe scale 0.25 netdelay none netspeed full avd AyuschPhoneAPI23 Creating filesystem with parameters could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB     Size 69206016     Block size 4096     Blocks per group 32768     Inodes per group 4224     Inode size 256     Journal blocks 1024     Label      Blocks 16896     Block groups 1     Reserved block group size 7 Created filesystem with 114224 inodes and 130216896 blocks emulator ERROR Could not initialize OpenglES emulation, use gpu off to disable it. could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB could not get wglGetExtensionsStringARB getGLES1ExtensionString Could not find GLES 1.x config Failed to obtain GLES 1.x extensions string Could not initialize emulated framebuffer codepre  pPlease Help. I have already set my codeAVD RAM to 512 Mbcode , but it still didnt work.p
Negative 42922 pI migrated a Eclipse project on AndroidStudio. When i run it in AndroidStudio in an emulator p  blockquote   pRun application  Lauch emulator p blockquote  pi have the error p  precodeInstallation failed with message INSTALLFAILEDNOTMATCHINGABIS codepre  pA screenshot here  a hrefhttpwww.hostingpics.netviewer.phpid304520prob.png relnofollowhttpwww.hostingpics.netviewer.phpid304520prob.pngap  pI can run other project, there is no error but here, i have one.p  pCan you help me pls  p
Negative 42922 pIm trying to parse a 300MB XML in ElementTree, based on advise like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3707155canpythonxmlelementtreeparseaverylargexmlfileCan Python xml ElementTree parse a very large xml filea p  precodefrom xml.etree import ElementTree as Et  for event, elem in Et.iterparseC...path...desc2015.xml       if elem.tag  DescriptorRecord         for e in elem.children             if stre.tag in [DateCreated, Year, Month, TreeNumber, HistoryNote, PreviousIndexing]                 e.clear                 elem.removee                 print removed s  e codepre  pgiving...p  precoderemoved ltElement HistoryNote at 0x557cc7f0gt removed ltElement DateCreated at 0x557fa990gt removed ltElement HistoryNote at 0x55809af0gt removed ltElement DateCreated at 0x5580f5d0gt codepre  pHowever, this just keeps going, the file isnt getting any smaller, and on inspection the elements are still there.  Tried either e.clear or elem.removee, but the same results.  Regards  p  h2UPDATEh2  pError code from my first comment on alexanderlukanin13 s answerp  pTraceback most recent call last File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevd.py, line 1570, in tracedispatch Traceback most recent call last File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevd.py, line 2278, in globals  debugger.runsetup[file], None, None File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevd.py, line 1704, in run pydevimports.execfilefile, globals, locals  execute the script File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcrunfiles.py, line 234, in main File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcrunfiles.py, line 78, in main return pydevrunfiles.mainconfiguration  Note still doesnt return a proper value. File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevrunfiles.py, line 835, in main PydevTestRunnerconfiguration.runtests File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevrunfiles.py, line 762, in runtests fileandmodulesandmodulename  self.findmodulesfromfilesfiles File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevrunfiles.py, line 517, in findmodulesfromfiles mod  self.getmodulefromstrimportstr, printexception, pyfile File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevrunfiles.py, line 476, in getmodulefromstr buferr  pydevdio.StartRedirectkeeporiginalredirectionTrue, stdstderr File CUsersEddieDownloadseclipsepluginsorg.python.pydev4.0.0.201504132356pysrcpydevdio.py, line 72, in StartRedirect import sys MemoryErrorp
Negative 42922 pI have been using polymer starter kit and have been using ironajax to connect to a drupal site using the services module. I can access the data needed but to use it properly and be able to log in and out I need to be able to user authenticate, to do this I need to store the session id and token. How can I do this in my custom elementp
Negative 42922 pi have an issue with jQuery datatables i want to use serverside processing, because to much data to load. but from the documentation i have read it use native php, i use codeigniter 3. it quite difficult to modify the code. heres the code i use in my controllerp  precodepublic function dataTable      sIndexColumn       sTable  myTable      gaSql[user]        test     gaSql[password]    t3st     gaSql[db]          myDatabase     gaSql[server]      DriverSQL Server Native Client 10.0ServerITI0299PCJTSMSSQLSERVERPort1326DatabasemyDatabase UidtestPwdt3st Locale      aColumns  array         id,nmrumahsakit,alamat,kota,         provinsi,rawatinap,rawatjalan,         mcu,telp,fax,latitude,         longitude,createdat,updatedat             ODBC connection           connectionInfo  arrayUID gt gaSql[user], PWD gt gaSql[password], DatabasegtgaSql[db],ReturnDatesAsStringsgttrue     gaSql[link]  sqlsrvconnect gaSql[server], connectionInfo     params  array     options   array Scrollable gt SQLSRVCURSORKEYSET         Ordering      sOrder       if  isset GET[iSortCol0]                sOrder  ORDER BY id               for  i0  iltintval GET[iSortingCols]   i                       if  GET[ bSortable.intvalGET[iSortCol.i] ]  true                               sOrder . aColumns[ intval GET[iSortCol.i]  ].                                     .addslashes GET[sSortDir.i]  .,                                                sOrder  substrreplace sOrder, , 2              if  sOrder  ORDER BY id                       sOrder                           Filtering      sWhere       if  issetGET[sSearch] ampamp GET[sSearch]                 sWhere  WHERE              for  i0  iltcountaColumns  i                       sWhere . aColumns[i]. LIKE .addslashes GET[sSearch] . OR                           sWhere  substrreplace sWhere, , 3              sWhere .            Individual column filtering      for  i0  iltcountaColumns  i               if  issetGET[bSearchable.i] ampamp GET[bSearchable.i]  true ampamp GET[sSearch.i]                          if  sWhere                                 sWhere  WHERE                       else                              sWhere .  AND                                           sWhere . aColumns[i]. LIKE .addslashesGET[sSearch.i].                          Paging      top  issetGET[iDisplayStart]intGET[iDisplayStart]0      limit  issetGET[iDisplayLength]intGET[iDisplayLength] 10     sQuery  SELECT TOP limit .implode,,aColumns.             FROM sTable             sWhere .sWhere WHERE  AND . sIndexColumn NOT IN                                  SELECT sIndexColumn FROM                                                  SELECT TOP top .implode,,aColumns.                             FROM sTable                             sWhere                             sOrder                                          as [virtTable]                          sOrder      rResult  sqlsrvquerygaSql[link],sQuery or diesQuery  . sqlsrverrors      sQueryCnt  SELECT  FROM sTable sWhere     rResultCnt  sqlsrvquery gaSql[link], sQueryCnt ,params, options or die  sQueryCnt  . sqlsrverrors     iFilteredTotal  sqlsrvnumrows rResultCnt       sQuery   SELECT  FROM sTable      rResultTotal  sqlsrvquery gaSql[link], sQuery ,params, options or diesqlsrverrors     iTotal  sqlsrvnumrows rResultTotal       output  array             sEcho gt intvalGET[sEcho],             iTotalRecords gt iTotal,             iTotalDisplayRecords gt iFilteredTotal,             aaData gt array           while  aRow  sqlsrvfetcharray rResult                row  array             for  i0  iltcountaColumns  i                       if  aColumns[i]                                  v  aRow[ aColumns[i] ]                             v  mbcheckencodingv, UTF8  v  utf8encodev                             row[]v                                               If emptyrow  output[aaData][]  row           echo jsonencode output   codepre  pin this is js configuration for datatablesp  precode datatable2.dataTable     sScrollY 400px,     bProcessing true,           bServerSide true,           sServerMethod GET,           sAjaxSource ltphp echo baseurl gtmycontrollermymethod,           iDisplayLength 10,           aLengthMenu [[10, 25, 50, 1], [10, 25, 50, All]],           aaSorting [[0, asc]],           aoColumns [        bVisible true, bSearchable true, bSortable true ,        bVisible true, bSearchable true, bSortable true ,        bVisible true, bSearchable true, bSortable true        ]   .fnSetFilteringDelay700      codepre  pand this is the viewp  precodelttable iddatatable2 classtable tablebordered tablehovergt             lttheadgt               lttrgt                 ltthgtNoltthgt                 ltthgtNama R.Sltthgt                 ltthgtAlamatltthgt                 ltthgtKotaltthgt                 ltthgtProvinsiltthgt                 ltthgtRawat Inapltthgt                 ltthgtRawat Jalanltthgt                 ltthgtMCUltthgt                 ltthgtNo.Telpltthgt                 ltthgtNo.Faxltthgt                 ltthgtLatitudeltthgt                 ltthgtLongitudeltthgt                 ltthgtCreated Atltthgt                 ltthgtUpdated Atltthgt                 ltthgtMenultthgt               lttrgt             lttheadgt             lttbodygt             lttbodygt           lttablegt codepre  pafter test it, ive got this error. p  blockquote   pA PHP Error was encounteredp      pSeverity Errorp      pMessage Call to undefined function sqlsrvconnectp      pFilename controllersProvider.phpp      pLine Number 302p      pBacktracep blockquote  pI already use connection in configdatabase.php  and my question is how to user serverside processing in codeigniterp  pProblem above solve, but ive got new problem with js.p  blockquote   pDataTables warning table id  datatable2 DataTables warning JSON   data from server could not be parsed. This is caused by a JSON   formatting error.p blockquote  pCMIIWp
Negative 42922 pWhen setting codecachecode to codefalsecode of ajax, jQuery adds a parameter codegetlist1343234code. The HTTP Get request then becomes codehttphello.comgetlist1343234code. p  pIt only occurs on IE 9 at least, but not on Chrome. p  pHow to handle code1343234code in Play frameworkp  pCould anyone help with this Thanks. p
