Positive 63 pIs there a way to emquicklyem find all svnexternals references to a URL ondemand, among repositories that we control, using svn, TortoiseSVN, andor some other tool e.g. Pluginextension, hook scripts, etc.p  pIf not, would the correctbest way be to create a postcommit hook script that registers any added or modified svnexternal references in a file or database somewhere, and then finding the external references would reference that info And we could seed the filedatabase with codesvn propget R svnexternalscode perhaps with some text mangling, rightp  h1Detailsh1  pWere getting ready to start using svnexternals internally among our developer team for shared source libraries. Well peg our revssup1sup in any svnexternal reference, to ensure that we can roll back to prior repo states. Most of us use TortoiseSVN as our frontend, most of the time.p  pAs a point of comparison, Ive heard that the much and rightly maligned Visual SourceSafe had such a feature, something like rightclick rarr where used. With such a feature, when we want to change a shared module, we can see which projects it may potentially affect.p  hr  pNote This question is not a duplicate of any of these, because Im asking about how to do it quickly, which would require having the info cached. It has been noted that codesvn propgetcode can take hours or even days to return, depending on the repository.p  ul lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions681833listallsvnexternalsrecursivelyList all svnexternals recursivelyali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3725266howtofindallentriesinsvnrepowithanexternaltoagivenurlHow to find all entries in SVN repo with an external to a given URL [duplicate]ali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5118320findpathswithsvnexternalpropertieswithcertainstringFind paths with svnexternal properties with certain stringali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14213152getallprojectsinsvnthathavesvnexternalstoacertainrepositoryGet all projects in SVN that have svnexternals to a certain repositoryali ul  hr  psup1sup Pegging revisions, a.k.a. us[ing] explicit revision numbers, as in TortoiseSVNs a hrefhttptortoisesvn.netdocsnightlyTortoiseSVNentsvndugexternals.html relnofollowExternal Itemsa page.p
Positive 63 ptrying to check out maven project gives me codehandshake alert unrecognizednamecode googled it with no luck. adding codeDjsse.enableSNIExtensionfalsecode to codeeclipse.inicode does not work. tried using java 1.7  1.8 ,,, svn connector 1.71.8. just nothing   anyhow its supposed to ask me for username and password, but it does not , just gives me the error screen below. please helpp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comnKYtZ.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnKYtZ.jpg altenter image description hereap
Positive 63 pI am using tortoise SVN for version control , I am saving path to my repository that have no credentials or any user , still Jenkins is showing error.p  pI am using Jenkins on my local machinep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comD1jEj.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comD1jEj.png altJenkins LOGap  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.combqBEo.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combqBEo.png altlocal repositoryap  pHelp me solve my problemp
Positive 63 pI am running CentOS 7 and i installed subversion from the standard repo, so i have 1.7 now. But I want to update to 1.8 from the WanDisco Repop  precode[WandiscoSVN] nameWandisco SVN Repo baseurlhttpopensource.wandisco.comcentos7svn1.8RPMSbasearch enabled1 gpgcheck0 codepre  pBut all the time i run sudo yum update i get this error How can i solve itp  precodeTransaction check error file usrlib64libsvnclient1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvndelta1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvndiff1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnfs1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnfsbase1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnfsfs1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnfsutil1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnra1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnralocal1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnrasvn1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnrepos1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnsubr1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 file usrlib64libsvnwc1.so.0.0.0 from install of subversion1.8.111.x8664 conflicts with file from package subversionlibs1.7.147.el71.1.x8664 codepre  pgreetsp
Positive 63 pI am trying to setup SVN Ubuntu Server VPS using the svn protocol  all working perfect for example i have 2 users harryread,write,sallyonly read and i dont want the repository to be displayed by anonymoysguests only by users. no matter what configuration i setup the anonymousguests can view the repository, and  The line anonaccess  none didnt change anything.p  pCommand Daemon   svnserve d r svnreposp  p Configurationp  pstrongAuthzstrong p  precode     This file is an example authorization file for svnserve.      Its format is identical to that of modauthzsvn authorization      files.      As shown below each section defines authorizations for the path and      optional repository specified by the section name.      The authorizations follow. An authorization line can refer to        a single user,        a group of users defined in a special [groups] section,        an alias defined in a special [aliases] section,        all authenticated users, using the authenticated token,        only anonymous users, using the anonymous token,        anyone, using the  wildcard.           A match can be inverted by prefixing the rule with . Rules can      grant read r access, readwrite rw access, or no access      .      [aliases]      joe  CXZSTDessertLSnake CityOSnake Oil, Ltd.OUResearch InstituteCNJoe Average      [groups]      harryandsally  harry,sally      harrysallyandjoe  harry,sally,ampjoe      [testproject]     harry  rw     sally  r      ampjoe  r             [repositorybazfuz]      harryandsally  rw        r codepre  pstrongPasswdstrongp  precode This file is an example password file for svnserve.  Its format is similar to that of svnserve.conf. As shown in the  example below it contains one section labelled [users].  The name and password for each user follow, one account per line.  [users] harry  password sally  password codepre  pstrongSvnserve.confstrongp  precode This file controls the configuration of the svnserve daemon, if you  use it to allow access to this repository.  If you only allow  access through http andor file URLs, then this file is  irrelevant.   Visit httpsubversion.apache.org for more information.  [general]  The anonaccess and authaccess options control access to the  repository for unauthenticated a.k.a. anonymous users and  authenticated users, respectively.  Valid values are write, read, and none.  Setting the value to none prohibits both reading and writing  read allows readonly access, and write allows complete   readwrite access to the repository.  The sample settings below are the defaults and specify that anonymous  users have readonly access to the repository, while authenticated  users have read and write access to the repository. anonaccess  none authaccess  write  The passworddb option controls the location of the password  database file.  Unless you specify a path starting with a ,  the files location is relative to the directory containing  this configuration file.  If SASL is enabled see below, this file will NOT be used.  Uncomment the line below to use the default password file. passworddb  passwd  The authzdb option controls the location of the authorization  rules for pathbased access control.  Unless you specify a path  starting with a , the files location is relative to the  directory containing this file.  The specified path may be a  repository relative URL  or an absolute file URL to a text  file in a Subversion repository.  If you dont specify an authzdb,  no pathbased access control is done.  Uncomment the line below to use the default authorization file. authzdb  authz  The groupsdb option controls the location of the groups file.  Unless you specify a path starting with a , the files location is  relative to the directory containing this file.  The specified path  may be a repository relative URL  or an absolute file URL to a  text file in a Subversion repository.  groupsdb  groups  This option specifies the authentication realm of the repository.  If two repositories have the same authentication realm, they should  have the same password database, and vice versa.  The default realm  is repositorys uuid. realm  My First Repository  The forceusernamecase option causes svnserve to casenormalize  usernames before comparing them against the authorization rules in the  authzdb file configured above.  Valid values are upper to upper  case the usernames, lower to lowercase the usernames, and  none to compare usernames asis without case conversion, which  is the default behavior.  forceusernamecase  none  The hooksenv options specifies a path to the hook script environment   configuration file. This option overrides the perrepository default  and can be used to configure the hook script environment for multiple   repositories in a single file, if an absolute path is specified.  Unless you specify an absolute path, the files location is relative  to the directory containing this file.  hooksenv  hooksenv  [sasl]  This option specifies whether you want to use the Cyrus SASL  library for authentication. Default is false.  This section will be ignored if svnserve is not built with Cyrus  SASL support to check, run svnserve version and look for a line  reading Cyrus SASL authentication is available.  usesasl  true  These options specify the desired strength of the security layer  that you want SASL to provide. 0 means no encryption, 1 means  integritychecking only, values larger than 1 are correlated  to the effective key length for encryption e.g. 128 means 128bit  encryption. The values below are the defaults.  minencryption  0  maxencryption  256 codepre  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comOvxT1.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOvxT1.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 63 pI used Xcode source control to connect with SVN server.p  pAfter check out the source, I executed the commit, update, all work fine.p  pBut when I click strongSource Control  Historystrong, and click show modified files, then show an alert dialogp  blockquote   pThe source control operation failed,because no working copy could be found.p      pMake sure the file is in a valid working copy and try again.p blockquote  pAny advice is appreciated, thanks.p
Positive 63 pWhen I commit js, css or jpg file via http into subversion repository, I get the error.p  precodesvn E175002 Commit failed details follow svn E175002 PROPFIND of svntestprojtrunk123.css 405 Not Allowed httpxxx.xx.xxx.xxx codepre  pBut commiting phphtmltpl has no problem. How to prevent this errorp  pmy svn config etcapache2modsenableddavsvn.confp  precodeltLocation svngt   DAV svn   SVNPath varwwwdatasvn   AuthType Basic   AuthName Subversion Repository   AuthUserFile etcapache2davsvn.passwd   ltLimitExcept GET PROPFIND OPTIONS REPORTgt     Require validuser   ltLimitExceptgt ltLocationgt codepre  pMy svn version is 1.6.17br My OS is Debian GNULinux 7 wheezyp
Positive 63 pDue to a human error, we had to restore svn data on server from a backup. The backup is 1 day old.p  pWhat happens when someone commits with a higher rev number than the server version How should we mediate this problemp
Positive 63 pI have a postcommit hook setup for email notification.  Emails are coming in ok, but if I add in the option for detailedsubject, it complains about an invalid option.  Does Version 2.59 support that optionp  precodeVISUALSVNSERVERbinVisualSVNServerHooks.exe      commitnotification  1  r 2      from noreplynowhere.com to somebodysomewhere.com      smtpserver mail.somecompany.com      detailedsubject codepre  pThe error message is something likebrp  precodepostcommit hook failed exit code 1 with output VisualSVNServerHooks.exe invalid option detailedsubject Type VisualSVNServerHooks help for usage. codepre  pstrong[update]strongbr Yep, I found it listed here as available in 2.6 onwardbr a hrefhttpswww.visualsvn.comserverdownload2.6 relnofollowhttpswww.visualsvn.comserverdownload2.6a emNew options for commit notification hook handler nohtml, detailedsubject, filter.emp
Positive 63 pI have the following code to access SVN using SharpSVNp  precode AddHandler SVNclient.Authentication.SslServerTrustHandlers, Subssender As Object, ev As SharpSvn.Security.SvnSslServerTrustEventArgs                                                                         ev.AcceptedFailures  ev.Failures                                                                         ev.Save  True                                                                     End Sub  SVNclient.Authentication.ForceCredentialsuser, password codepre  pWhen I execute locally, I have no issues. When I deploy it to our test server, I get the following errorp  precodeUnable to connect to a repository at URL https.... codepre  pI am able to connect to the repo using TortoiseSVN  on the server.p  pDoes anyone have any ideas on how to get around this I would prefer to NOT have to force credentials if possible.p  pThanks in advancep
Positive 63 pI have an svn server hosted on an OpenSUSE server at work. It has been running for more than a year now with virtually no problems.p  pWhen I interact with the server checkout, update, commit, etc. at work, it is very quick to respond. When I access the same server from home over the internet no VPN, directly via the svn protocol the svn client on my Ubuntu machine connects and starts the task, and then there is a delay of around 5 minutes before it continues and completes the task.p  pI have restarted the server and client machines without any improvement. I can see svn starting up a new svnserve instance on the server when I request something from home. That instance then just sits there without doing anything before eventually responding in full.p  pMy internet connection at home is not the problem. It is very responsive on all other up and downloads.p  pThis is strange to me, since this used to work without any problems before. Please help.p  pThanksp  pJohanp
Positive 63 pHow can I force TortoiseSVN to always add new subdirectories and folders when using the codeTortoiseSVN gt Add...code context menu  From time to time TortoiseSVN will simply strongnotstrong add new subdirectories, or files in the subdirectories, unless I repeatedly click the menu command multiple times.  Each click causes TortoiseSVN to include the next level of items.  Not sure if this is a setting, a bug, or user error.p  pEnvironmentbr TortoiseSVN v1.9.1, Build 26747  64 Bitbr Windows 8.1 Enterprise 64bitp
Positive 63 pWhen I see the emTortoiseSVN  Propertiesem for a folder to view the Properties Window, I see some of the propertyvalues are greyed out. What does grey color signify herep  pIs is to highlight that these properties have been inherited from the parent folder if such property inheritance works for SVN foldersp
Positive 63 pI have spent some time recently learning the basic Capistrano deploy method and I managed to deploy code from SVN to our internal server. As we know, Capistrano deploys the code to the releases folder.p  pI am stuck on the last piece. I am trying to deploy a Magento extension and in SVN, we just have the extension but not the whole Magento application code.p  pIdeally, I want my extension to get deployed at the right place. Instead of p  blockquote   preleasesxxxxxxxappcodecommunityMyModuleNameMyExtensionNamep blockquote  pI want it to be atp  blockquote   pmagentoappcodecommunityMyModuleNameMyExtensionNamep blockquote  pThe case is same with the deploy of emdesignem as well as emetcem folder. I thought of writing a script to move from the releases folder to the folders I have specified above but that looked ugly. I am also not sure if I am on the right track.p  pExcuse me for my ignorance and please helpp
Positive 63 pwith codesvn log  grep keywordcode I can grep the line containing the keyword, e.g., p  precodesvn log v  grep recur endless recursion when deleting an object in the tree. codepre  pHowever, how can I get the revision number of this commit p  pI am using svn 1.6 not latest one, which has no svn searchp
Positive 63 pIve been working for a month on my code using SVN and until today everything was ok, but know all changes that ive done to the code are not recognised by SVN, i mean when i go to commit my changes in synchronize view they dont appear.  Moreover before today any change made on code produced the black icon on the .java or .xhtml file and now it doesnt. Does anybody have any idea about what can be p  pThanks in advancep
Positive 63 pIm completely new to subversion and Im unsure how to add and commit a Java Project to an online repository using svn. The goal is to move the important folders in the project including the src, package, and class. Ive accessed the online repo and I assume I have it as a working copy. When I try to svn add the local project folders however, I am told it is not a working copy. How do I fix this Is there a way I can make my workspace be the online repo directly Or do I just copy the folder somehow Im using Cygwin and Eclipse. p
Positive 63 pHello Dear SonarQube Enthusiasts,p  pI was wondering if it was possible to specify a network location for the element in a codesonarrunnercode properties file, codesonar.projectBaseDircode. I was trying to do this codesonar.projectBaseDir  httpssubversionserversvnProjecttrunkcode This however gave an codeEXECUTION FAILUREcode because codesonarrunnercode simply appended the network location specified to the current directory and looked there instead of across the Intranet. p  pDoes anyone know how to specify a network location as a scan directory so I am constantly scanning the updated code from a network location p  pThankyou for reading this. p  pRegards,p
Positive 63 pI have the following scenariop  ul liDirParent               svn info shows mapped to branch1li liDirParentdirchild      svn info shows mapped to branch2li ul  pWhat I would like to do is ignore all child mappings and just use branch1 for the parent and all asociated child directories.p  pIs this possiblep  pThanks.   p
Positive 63 pIve been searching all day and havent found any other solutions that fit ours or that work to fix ours.  We are running SVN 1.8 server and all was well until this morning when we started getting the hash missing error.p  pIve run svnadmin verify on the last 400 revisions Im running it on the last 3000 revs now and no problems have been reported.p  pIve run svnadmin recover and it apparently found nothing to recover.p  pHere is the error, we are running svn on a windows server as a service which has been restarted it didnt helpp  pThoughtWorks.CruiseControl.Core.CruiseControlException Source control operation failed svn E200002 Serialized hash missing terminator . Process command svn.exe log svnserver.netOurCodeCodeStuff r 20150928T190607Z20150928T204136Z verbose xml p  pIve run the command from a command prompt as admin and can duplicate the error on the server and on a client box.  If I change the date range to a revision range, the command runs fine.  I can also view logs in Tortoise.p  pWe did a restore from 6 hours before the error started occurring and are now seeing the same error on the good restored data.  I did a fresh checkout of the same revision that worked last night and it is giving the same error.p  pI dont see that my repo is corrupted because verify and recover didnt find anything and I went back 30 revisions to a good copy.  Are there any other reasons we might be seeing thisp
Positive 63 pIve seen many questions about creating an graphical SVN overview with differnt programs.p  pIs any of those able to take externals into accountp  pI am using svnexternals to link different libs to my project.p  pGreetings and thank for helping.p
Positive 63 pThis is my code,p  precodeimport pysvn def getlogin realm, username, maysave      printusername     printpassword     return True, username, password, False client  pysvn.Client usernameabcd passwordxyz client.setdefaultusername username  client.setdefaultpassword password  client.callbackgetlogin  getlogin check out the current version of the pysvn project client.checkouthttpsvn.source.comsvnmodule, Dpysvn codepre  pWhile I run this code it throws this errorp  blockquote   pTraceback most recent call last     File 123.py, line 13, in        client.checkouta hrefhttpsvn.source.comsvnmodule relnofollowhttpsvn.source.comsvnmodulea, Dpysvn   pysvn.pysvn35.ClientError Unable to connect to a repository at URL a hrefhttpsvn.source.comsvnmodule relnofollowhttpsvn.source.comsvnmodulea   Access to svnmodule forbiddenp blockquote  pI tried with and without using setdefaultusername and password. What is the problemp
Positive 63 pI am getting the following error from xcodesource controlCommitp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comm1qdG.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comm1qdG.png altenter image description hereap  pi dont even see the file in my xcode project. is not there. p  pwhen i tried to add the unversioned file via terminal the response was like the followingp  precodePJsMacBookPro pj cd UserspjDesktopProjectsPGAWorkingCopiestrunkCustomerAppPGAC PJsMacBookProPGAC pj svn add ViewController.h svn warning W155010 UserspjDesktopProjectsPGAWorkingCopiestrunkCustomerAppPGACViewController.h not found svn E200009 Could not add all targets because some targets dont exist svn E200009 Illegal target for the requested operation codepre  pI cant see the file ViewController.h in my project diractory. how can i add it p
Positive 63 pFrom what I understand, there is a direct relationship between TortoiseSVN client versions and the SVN server versions as evident in their executable installer file names located in sourceforge.netp  pFor example, p  ol liTortoiseSVN1.8.7.25475x64svn1.8.9.msi   ul liTortoise SVN client version 1.8.7 compatible with SVN server 1.8.9li ulli liTortoiseSVN1.8.12.26645x64svn1.8.14.msi  ul liTortoise SVN client version 1.8.12 compatible with SVN server 1.8.14li ulli ol  pOur SVN server version is 1.8.9. So, we we have been using Tortoise SVN client version 1.8.7. We realized today that Tortoise SVN client version 1.8.7 is no longer available in sourceforge.net. It now has a hrefhttpsourceforge.netprojectstortoisesvnfiles relnofollow1.8.9, 1.8.12 and 1.9.x versions onlya.p  pSince Tortoise SVN  client 1.8.7 is not available, can we use a higher version of the client 1.8.9 for SVN server version 1.8.9.p  pI could not find compatibility matrix for TortoiseSVN client and SVN server versions. Or, is it that there is no relationship between the TortoiseSVN client and SVN server versions at all In which case too, compatibility matrix would certainly help.p  pApparently, there are major changes in SVN server version 1.5 and 1.8. So, some versions of clients do not work well with some versions of server. For example, a hrefhttptortoisesvn.nettsvn1.8releasenotes.htmlcompatibility relnofollowhttptortoisesvn.nettsvn1.8releasenotes.htmlcompatibilitya. Hence the confusionconcern. p  pWhen I check compatibility in this case, I meant to ask will the client be able to use all the features provided by server. Or will there be any limitations or loss of functionality if a recommended version of client is NOT used for a specific version of server. p  pemI have copy of the executable that I can share with whoever in the team requires it. But thats not the kind of answer I am looking for emp
Positive 63 pWe have an existing repository on the network accessed via HTTP.p  pShould I first import these files to my local machine I tried importing directories, files, etc., everything is empty in my local folders. It says success, but nothing ever shows upp  pIt doesnt make sense to create a repository on my side. But all the tutorials seem to say that, but then I think theyre assuming youre starting from nothing.p  pMy experience with Tortoise SVN has mostly been negative. Typically whatever I think I should do turns out to be incorrect, and I end up having to undo, and redo, or lose my work. Once I even managed to corrupt the main repository and it had to be restored from backup.p  pI absolutely cannot damage this existing repositoryp
Positive 63 pScenariobr I have multiple release branches all being modified concurrently. We then merge all changes from the lowest release branch to the highest release branch in order.  p  pAs each major strong1strong.0 and minor 1.strong1strong release are deployed to production, we merge the release to trunc.p  pI would like to be able to set the merge to happen wout me having to click the codePrefer repositorycode button for each inevitable conflict.p  pIs there a setting to do thisbr Or maybe a way to do this w just SVNp  pstrongUPDATEDstrongbr When I try to do the merge using codeaccept theirsfullcode I get an error.br It looks like It isnt handling tree conflicts.p  pCommandbr codesvn merge r 2015724006 https...branchesreleasesRelease50 accept theirsfullcodep  pErrorp  precode... Resolved conflicted state of ...FileX Resolved conflicted state of ...FileY.java Summary of conflicts   Text conflicts 36 remaining and 7 already resolved   Tree conflicts 21 remaining and 1 already resolved svn E155027 Tree conflict can only be resolved to working state CUsers...File.java not resolved codepre  pHow can I make it do theirs in all cases except use working for tree conflicts, p
Positive 63 pI was using my RapidSVN for last year just fine, and today at some point it just stopped working. I mean I used to commit a change to a file, and then commit on a different file and all the sudden this started. All this SVN was not set up by me, so I dont know how to manage it. Where should I startp  pHere is the errorp  precodeExecute Commit Error Error while performing action Commit failed details follow Unable to connect to a repository at URL svnserver.domainname.comdomainname.com Ready codepre
Positive 63 pWhen I try to checkout project from SVN Repository Im getting exception asp  psvn E210004 Malformed network datap  pCan anyone please explain the scenario that when it happen, Because it worked fine last time when I tried.p
Positive 63 pHow do I change where in the SVN repository my project gets savedp  pAt the moment, my project is supposed to save in ProjectName111, but is instead saving in trunkProject112. How do I change it to save to ProjectName111 I need fast help. Thanksp  pAlso, I need the answer to be easy enough for a high schooler to understand, ok p
Positive 63 pThe operating system is Windows 7. I am working with Eclipse Luna and using Subclipse plugin. p  pThere is a SVN Repository setup on a remote computer. p  pThe URL is codesvndevserversvnrepoSchcode.p  pI am in SVN Repository Exploring Perspective. And I have included the above SVN Repository in the SVN Repositories view. I am connected to it. p  pInside it has 3 folders codebranchescode, codeheadcode and codeversioncode.p  pInside codebranchescode folder I want to create a new empty branch named strongcodeB1965codestrong. p  pInside that new branch strongcodeB1965codestrong I want to create 4 folders codeAppEarcode, codeAppEjbcode, codeAppEjbClientcode and codeAppWebcode. Then I would like to Checkout those 4 folders from new branch strongcodeB1965codestrong.p  pHow can I do these things through Eclipse p
Positive 63 pSo I have a master and one branch made from it. I need to do some fix in master while I am still developing new feature in branch. Should I commit this fix to only master or only branch or both  So after I am done with branch, I want to merge it with master, and keep changes made in both. What should I do p  pI am using SVN, but I guess it is same for both SVN and GIT.p
Positive 63 pI have thisp  precodesetLocal EnableDelayedExpansion set sFolderCPath cd sFolder  Creates a .txt file of the SVN logs svn log  sed n USER, p  gtgt ctempTest.txt codepre  pThis provides part of the information that I want. For example, it returnsp  precoder844454  USER  20150924 120725 0400 Thu, 24 Sep 2015  2 lines The specific log message for this commit. codepre  pHowever, after this information, I want to include the changes that were implemented. For example, if the commit changed a line of text from cat to dog, then I want the NEWMODIFIED line to be included so that I end up with something like this.p  precoder844454  USER  20150924 120725 0400 Thu, 24 Sep 2015  2 lines The specific log message for this commit. Cat on a hot tin roof. r844250  USER  20150924 100725 0400 Thu, 24 Sep 2015  2 lines The specific log message for this commit. Cat on a hot tin root. r844103  USER  20150924 080725 0400 Thu, 24 Sep 2015  2 lines The specific log message for this commit. Cat on a hot pin root. codepre
Positive 63 pI am trying to download code from a Subversion repository without using the codesvncode Subversion program. I am using Pythons urllib2 module instead. Below is my script. The problem with this script is that it returns a web page of sorts and not the actual sourcecode. I can see the links to the sourcecode but not the actual sourcecode. p  pstrongDoes anyone have any suggestions on how I can download the actual sourcecode from Subversion with urllib2strong p  precode usrbinenv python  import urllib2   def sub     theurl  httpsIntranetServersvnFancySoftwaretrunk     username  username     password  password      passman  urllib2.HTTPPasswordMgrWithDefaultRealm      passman.addpasswordNone, theurl, username, password      authhandler  urllib2.HTTPBasicAuthHandlerpassman      opener  urllib2.buildopenerauthhandler     print OPENER , opener      urllib2.installopeneropener      pagehandle  urllib2.urlopentheurl     print PAGEHANDLE , pagehandle     return pagehandle   if name  main     ret  sub     for line in ret          print line  codepre
Positive 63 pSVN working copy has a hrefhttpsvnbook.redbean.comen1.8svn.basic.inaction.htmlsvn.basic.inaction.mixedrevs relnofollowmixed revisionsa in the general case. Is there a way to list all its revision numbersp  pFor example, for the following working copyp  precodefile01   revision 1 file02   revision 2 file02.2 revision 2 file03   revision 3 codepre  pThe list of the revisions would be code1, 2, 3code.p  pcodesvnversioncode comes close, but not close enoughp  precode svnversion 13 codepre
Positive 63 pI was renaming my strong.xcodeprojstrong file, unfortunately, it created two. I am unable to remove one. I simply delete it, but whenever I talk new checkout or update from SVN, it again shows two strong.xcodeprojstrong files.p  pHow can I remove on from strongXCodestrong, so whenever I take update, or new checkout, it would show only one strong.xcodeprojstrong file.p  pThanksp
Positive 63 pI am trying to execute this command on my redhat 6.5 box and it throws the error git svn is not a git command. See git help. I have git 1.7.1 installed on this box. Please help.p  pgit svn clone a hrefhttpyourcompany.compathtosvnprojectabc relnofollowhttpyourcompany.compathtosvnprojectabca projectabcp
Positive 63 pI am attempting to commit my XCode project to an Server based SVN.  I have it configured, open the Source Control window, and click on the Commit button.  It chunks for a bit, then gives me the the error  The working copy xxx failed to commit files.  Couldnt communicate with a helper application.p  pWhat is the helper applicationp  pIve seen similar posts for GIT, but they dont seem to be relevant or at least not enough info for me to deal with SVN.p
Positive 63 pWe have configured the visualsvn server in remote machine, while accessing the repository from the browser in our local machine, we are getting the below error in the internet explorer browserp  precodeThe XML page cannot be displayed  Cannot view XML input using XSL style sheet. Please correct the error and then click the Refresh button, or try again later codepre  pIn the server machines Event viewer, we found the log get svnindex.xsl forbidden. p  pPlease note that we are able to connect the repository in TortoiseSVN amp other subversion command line tools.p  pIs any setup or permission is needed to browse the repository in the browser p
Positive 63 pIm a newby to the SVN Kit Java API and would like to let SVN Kit provide me a list of all files I have changed in my working copy but not commited. Does anybody know if this possible using the SVN Kit Java APIp  pKind regards, p  pHeikop
Positive 63 pI have installed the BugzillaVCS and and I have configured SVN repository in it.p  precodevcsrepos  Svn filepathtosvnrepository  vcsweb  filepathtosvnrepository httpsserver.name.comsvnwebwsvnrepositoryprojectrevrevno codepre  pAnd I am getting the commit information on bug page on Bugzilla for the mentioned in SVN commit.p  pBut it has small issue, It doesnt show the web URL in comment details. However it shows the physical path as below,p  precode 13 by usercompany.com at 20150930 091300 CEST Checked in to filepathtosvnrepositorytrunk updates bug 2 1 file changed test file.txt 3  0 codepre  pWhat changed should be done to appear it as web URLp  pI tired changing the vcsrepos and vcsweb values to web URL but it does not helped.p
Positive 63 pI need to start a simple strongsvn server on openshift or herokustrong.p  pI do not find the already openshift cartridge or heroku addon for it.p  pHave anyone the manual for itp  pI dont mean svnaccess instead git access to my openshift application, like a hrefhttpsgithub.comdevopmmcgrathopenshiftsvncartridge relnofollowopenshiftsvncartridgea. I want to start up my little dedicated svn server.p  pPlese, suggest the solution.p
Positive 63 pWhen you do a merge in SVN you can specify a revision range likep  precode [4506, 4605,4784,4869,5081,51465148,5150,5418] codepre  pNow I would like to clones the above revisions into a git repository using git svn clone. I have triedp  precodegit svn clone r 4506,4605,4784,4869,5081,51465148,5150,5418 httpspathtosvnbranch gitrepo codepre  pBut that givesp  precoderevision argument ... not understood by gitsvn codepre  pDoes git clone svn only support a single revision or a startend rangep  pFrom a hrefhttpgitscm.comdocsgitsvn relnofollowhttpgitscm.comdocsgitsvnap  pIt seems that the above should workp  pemThis allows revision ranges for partialcauterized history to be supported. NUMBER, NUMBER1NUMBER2 numeric ranges, NUMBERHEAD, and BASENUMBER are all supported.emp
Positive 63 pIve got a program that is looking at what files have changed in each SVN commit which will also highlight the area that has changed.p  pIm passing that data that has been retrieved from SVN and placed it into a table in a sql server database.p  pwhat Id like to do is compare the paths to see what area has been effected.p  pIve already got a table which has a path that shows what area has been effected.p  pExamplep  pSVNp  precodebranchesProjectsEnhancements2015Q1WMDBWMDB.cs codepre  pthis is the path that has been found by the codep  pCompare tablep  precodebranchesProjectsEnhancements2015Q1GEM4UtilitiesUtilities.csproj  Utilities branchesProjectsEnhancements2015Q1WMDBWMDB.cs  WMDB trunksrcGEM 4GEM4UIFormsAutoRenderOptionsForm.cs  UI codepre  pSo Id like to find is that the path found in SVN has changed the WMDB.p  pany suggestions on how I could do thisp
Positive 63 pIn my personal machine windows 7 I can find subclipses configuration folder under CUsersMyUserAppDataRoamingSubversionp  phowever, under the machine Im working on windows 7 as well, the Subversion folder cannot seem to be found. Subclipse is already installed and seem working, but I need to set some proxy preferences and I cant find themp
Positive 63 pI use Eclipse 4.3 and Subversionsvn I have renamed a file existing in Subversion. But when I am trying to check in the renamed file it gives me error as followsp  blockquote   porg.tigris.subversion.svnclientadapter.SVNClientException org.apache.subversion.javahl.ClientException Bad URL passed to RA layer   svn URL svn.abcd.comreposmodulesmanagementtrunkaubenefitsmanagementservicesrcmainjavacomabcdmanagementserviceRenamedFile.java nonexistent in revision 837972.p blockquote  pI have renamed the file by Right Click  Renamep  pPlease let me know how can i check in the file. Am i missing some step in renaming a filep  pThanks, Shreyanshp
Positive 63 pI am adding a bower component like below p  pbower register languageservice svna hrefhttpmyhost.comsvnweb.componentspublishbowerlanguageservice relnofollowhttpmyhost.comsvnweb.componentspublishbowerlanguageserviceap  pits throwing an error like below.p  pstrongbower                       EINVFORMAT The registry only accepts URLs starting with gitstrongp  pBut I have another component which am adding the same way and its works fine p  pbower register hotkeys svna hrefhttpmyhost.comsvnweb.componentspublishbowerhotkeys relnofollowhttpmyhost.comsvnweb.componentspublishbowerhotkeysap  pAny idea what might went wrong  p
Positive 63 pI need to export files from one folder, and want to mark extend the file name with the real file revision. There is not that sort of option in codesvn exportcode. However, maybe someone has a script that does thisp
Positive 63 pIn codeEclipsecode, I want to order Files with codeSVNcode information by codeLast changed datecode p  pExamplep  pBefore Nowp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comZ53Eb.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZ53Eb.png altenter image description hereap  pAfter what i wantp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comb1m9y.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comb1m9y.png altenter image description hereap  pThanks p
Positive 63 pThe sysadmin its not in the company any more, and I ended up taking over some of his task, and I know how to create the permits to the svn, but I dont know how to create it.p
Positive 63 pI cloned a svn repository using this    p  precodegit svn init T trunk prefixorigin httpsfoo.bar.comsvnproject0 .project0 cd project0 git svn fetch codepre  pThen I decided that I wanted to create a new branch, so I added an entry to my project0.gitconfig filep  precodebranches  branchesrefsremotesorigin codepre  pAnd I tried to test out creating the branch with a dryrunp  precodegit svn branch dryrun m Adding new feature featurebranch codepre  pgit svn then starts fetching from codehttpsfoo.bar.comsvnproject0branchesreleasecandidatecode, which takes forever.  I dont want it to do that.  I just want to create a new branch without going and fetching every other branch.  What can I dop
Positive 63 pIve been using Netbeans and SVN for many years, and it rocks. But recently we started using VPN to our development environment, and since then Netbeans is extremely slow. It takes 13 minutes to diff, commit etc.p  pIm using SvnKit as the client, because of the old version of SVN were running, CLI is not an option. p  pIs there anyway you can speed it upp
Positive 63 pIs there a way that I would start transaction and commit like in a databases I dont mean commit files but modifications on server directly. I need it for scripting purposes.  p  pFor examplep  precodesvn starttransaction svn mv server1somedir server1somedir2 svn cp server1somedir2 server1somedir3 svn cp server1somedir2 server1somedir4  and so on...  svn committransaction some error handle codepre  pMy point is if any of these commands fails, there will not be a change on server. Basically, database rollback if any of these commands fail.p  pAny suggestionsp
Positive 63 pIm new to codesvn tortoisecode software. my codesvntortoise version is 1.9.2.26806code.p  pi want integrate this codesvncode with my codesuitecrmcode software.p  pcodesuitecrmcode is a free codeopen sourcecode software developed using codephpcode programming language. Ive downloaded codesvn tortoisecode source code but i dont know which file  Ive to change for integration with codesuitecrmcode. is it possible to integrate svn with crm kind of softwares...p  pplease tell me which file ive to modify for integration.p
Positive 63 pWhat I want to achive is , creating two seperate system with two seperate SVN. But one the application will be MasterApplication for some infrastructure  component codes. So when I develop some code for these components I want to ftp these code to client application and this client application will commit these codes programmatically to its own SVN. Deployment of these codes will be a matter of Managers of this second client application.p  pSo I write a small code for this auto commit of these java source code files.It opens ZIP file, reads files of project and commit each files. When I do this , SVN throws this exception p  psvn E200009 DcmsNodeFolder01102015162224CMS SMG Test ProjectsrccbsmgtestdenemeDeneme.java is not under version controlp  pBut I am sure that this project and file are exist on my second SVN. Any ideas would be greatly appreciatedp
Positive 63 pI am trying to convert a svn.dump file to a git repo and I get the following error message after it started the process and it stops at r1648 with the following error message.p  pIndex mismatch 050a0cc9f86e0ba2453d3baed3f069e1d1fe1477  c321ff4e94b18147619ce9fbd0324ea0f4323d29 rereading 06ed9207b02ea9e7d8af270c71c6012311a275c9 D   sitesvoicescssieonly.css W emptydir trunksitesvoicescssieonly.css Author Vish Chou  not defined in UsersvcSitesvoicesauthors.txt filep  pHere are the contents of the author.txt file which I got after running the following commandp  precodesvn log q  awk F  r sub , , 2 sub , , 2 print 2  2 lt2gt  sort u gt authors.txt codepre  pauthors.txt contentp  pBrian  Brian ltBriangtp  pJlanglo  Jangle ltJlanglogtp  pVish Chouh  Vish Chou ltVish Chougt  strongThis user is causing the issue.strongp  padmin  admin ltadmingtp  pchiudesign  chiudesign ltchiudesigngtp  pclarkk  clarks ltclarkkgtp  pWhen I run the following commandp  precodesvn log  sed n Vish Chou, p codepre  pto see the log submitted by this specific author I get the following messagep  blockquote   pr1648  Vish Chou   20131202 142743 0500 Mon, 02 Dec 2013  1   linep blockquote
Positive 63 pIve got a folder restructuring project which is going to take an extended period of time. The restructuring will have breaking changes and cannot occur in trunk.  So the goal will be create a new Branch and keep it parallel to trunk, merging down changes down from trunk on a periodic basis.p  pIve attempted a few different merge methods, but im not able to get changes from Trunk down to the Branch on files that have moved in the Branch.p  h3Trunk Structureh3  pre  trunk      foo          bar              bar.php pre  h3Branch Structure after svn move on bar directoryh3  pre  branch      foo      newdir          bar              bar.php pre  h3Stepsh3  ul liBranched Trunk via an svn copyli liCreated a new directory in Branch, newdirli liPerformed svn move on bar directory in Branch, moving it from foo to newdirli liModified bar.php in Trunkli liTried a few different types of merges, but none will merge changes from trunk bar.php to the branch bar.phpli ul  h3Infoh3  ul liUsing subversion 1.8.11li liBranch does not need to be reintegrated to Trunkli ul  h3Questionh3  pIs there any way to move files in the Branch and allow for Trunk changes to be reflected in the moved filesp
Positive 63 pI write Android stuff using Eclipsethe ADT plugin. For VCS I use SVN.p  pWhat I am trying to accomplish have my program, in its About screen,  display the SVN revision number it was built from. Obviously, this better be automatic. We cannot assume the program will have network access when run so this info has to be known at compile time.p  pToday Ive been researching this topic and seems like this seemingly common scenario is actually not so easy to do or I am missing something. Lets seep  p1 first approach write a precommit SVN script that, on each commit, would update a little file, that would be named revision and would be located in the root of my project. Then writing a function that would open this file, read the revision number and put it in the About screen would be trivial.p  pThis doesnt quite work as the file would be updated serverside. So imagine this scenario I check out rev. 3708, modify, commit, precommit creates revision with 3709 in it. I build  and my local revision still contains 3708. Not good.p  p2 I hear  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1449935gettingsvnrevisionnumberintoaprogramautomaticallyGetting SVN revision number into a program automaticallya  that SVN has this clever feature that it is able to replace various magic strings in your files, one of then being Revision, if one sets appropriate SVN metadata on all files in a project under SVN control. p  pThis does not quite work again, because of the problem mentioned by user Smashery in the link above  namely, SVN will only replace the Revision magic string in files that got changed during the last commit. p  p3 Write a prebuild Eclipse script, and have it run svnversion pathtoyourproject and save output of this in pathtoyourprojectrevision. p  pThis does not quite work again  I mean, I have tried and writing such script is actually surprisingly easy. If I were working on a single computer, it would have worked for me  but unfortunately I work on two computers, one Linux machine in home and another Windows machine at work. I keep switching machines every day during the day Windows, in the evenings Linux at home. p  pThe problem here is with Eclipse as soon as you add a prebuild script, it creates a new hidden directory in your project folder  .externalToolBuilders  , which, among other things, contains the absolute path to the script to run obviously. This path cannot be the same on both of my machines being Linux and Windows. In order for things to be automatic, I need to check this in to SVN, and as soon as I do, things will work only on one of my machines unless I keep manually correcting the path every dayp  pAny ideasp
Positive 63 pAll my Projects are present on the filoe system but the dont appear on the solution explorer, how do I bring them backp
Positive 63 pMy Images.xcassets list was getting long, so I decided to organize it with sub folders. Since then, I am not able to commit any changes for the codeImages.xcassetscode to my SVN repository. I keep getting the errorp  precodeCommit failed details follow filePathgopremium.imagesetgopremium is not under version control 1 codepre  pWithin XCode, the codeImages.xcassetscode does have the M to the right indicating it has been modified, but I cant seem to see which specifics files are under version control. I thought they were added automatically, but it appears Im wrong. Does anyone know how I can add everything in the codeImages.xcassetscode under version controlp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI ran the codesvn stcode command. The output is very long so I am posting a couple examples. Here is one from a directory I created and images which were not previous under source controlp  precodeA       MyAppImages.xcassetsmyDirectoryF00.imageset A       MyAppImages.xcassetsmyDirectoryF00.imagesetContents.json A       MyAppImages.xcassetsmyDirectoryF00.imagesetF00.png        MyAppImages.xcassetsmyDirectoryF00.imagesetF002x.png        MyAppImages.xcassetsmyDirectoryF00.imagesetF003x.png codepre  pHere is the output from the images which were not in a subfolder and then moved into one.p  precodeD       MyAppImages.xcassets1100list2selected.imageset D       MyAppImages.xcassets1100list2selected.imageset1100list2selected.png D       MyAppImages.xcassets1100list2selected.imageset1100list2selected2x.png D       MyAppImages.xcassets1100list2selected.imageset1100list2selected3x.png D       MyAppImages.xcassets1100list2selected.imagesetContents.json  A       MyAppImages.xcassetstabs1100list2selected.imageset A       MyAppImages.xcassetstabs1100list2selected.imageset1100list2selected.png A       MyAppImages.xcassetstabs1100list2selected.imageset1100list2selected2x.png A       MyAppImages.xcassetstabs1100list2selected.imageset1100list2selected3x.png A       MyAppImages.xcassetstabs1100list2selected.imagesetContents.json codepre
Positive 63 pOur main repository system is on a subversion server. In the near future we want to move to git. Our developers want to use the functionalities and features of git, but they have to do their commits in subversion. For this we implemented a stash instance.p  pFor a commit in our subversion repository a few steps are requiredp  ol lipClone repository from gitpli lipmake your changes and commit into gitpli lipfinally merge your commits into subversion using Atlassian Stash with strongBitBucket Subversion Mirror Plugin v3.0.0strongpli ol  pAnd here is the problemp  pIf for some reason a commit into our subversion repository is blocked by the precommit script of the subversion there is no error message shown in stash. Making a normal svn commit without using stash, the error message is shown.p  pstrongsvn precommit scriptstrongp  pre echo error message 12 exit 100 pre   pstrongError message in Atlassian Stash but without error messagestrongp  pre The pull request merged without conflicts, but updating master was canceled by a plugin.      Commit blocked by precommit hook exit code 100 with output pre  pIve tried to put the error log on emstdoutem and on emstderrem. But nothing is shown in stash. p  pIs there someone tried this behaviour and had the same problemp
Negative 63 pThere is a rich scripting model for Microsoft Office, but not so with Apple iWork, and specifically the word processor Pages. While there are some AppleScript hooks, it looks like the best approach is to manipulate the underlying XML data.p  pThis turns out to be pretty ugly because for example page breaks are stored in XML. So for example, you have something likep  precode... we hold these truths to be self evident, that ltpagegt ltpagegtall men are created equal, and are ... codepre  pSo if you want to add or remove text, you have to move the startend tags around based on the size of the text on the page. This is pretty impossible without computing the number of words a page can hold, which seems wildly inelegant.p  pAnybody have any thoughts on thisp
Negative 63 pPlugin systems in C are hard because the ABI is not properly defined, and each compiler or version thereof follows its own rules. However, COM on Windows shows that its  possible to create a minimal plugin system that allows programmers with different compilers to create plugins for a host application using a simple interface.p  pLets be practical, and leave the C standard, which is not very helpful in this respect, aside for a minute. If I want to write an app for Windows and Mac and optionally Linux that supports C plugins, and if I want to give plugin authors a reasonably large choice of compilers say less than 2 year old versions of Visual C, GCC or Intels C compiler, what features of C could I count onp  pOf course, I assume that plugins would be written for a specific platform.p  pOff the top of my head, here are some C features I can think of, with what I think is the answerp  ul livtable layout, to use objects through abstract classes yesli libuiltin types, pointers yesli listructs, unions yesli liexceptions noli liextern C functions yesli listdcall nonextern C functions with builtin parameter types yesli linonstdcall nonextern C functions with userdefined parameter types noli ul  pI would appreciate any experience you have in that area that you could share. If you know of any moderately successful app that has a C plugin system, thats cool too.p  pCarlp
Negative 63 pI heard on a recent podcast Polymorphic that it is possible to cache a user control as opposed to the entire page.  p  pI think my header control which displays static content and my footer control could benefit from being cached.  p  pHow can I go about caching just those controlsp
Negative 63 pHow do I use the profiler in Visual Studio 2008p  pI know theres a build option in Config Properties  Linker  Advanced  Profile PROFILE, however I cant find anything about actauly using it, only articles I was able to find appear to only apply to older versions of Visual Studio eg most say to goto BuildProfile to bring up the profile dialog box, yet in 2008 there is no such menu item.p  pIs this because Visual Studio 2008 does not include a profiler, and if it does where is it and where is the documentation for itp
Negative 63 pWhat are some good toolsets for graphingcharting in a web application  Preferably opensourcefreeware, and particularly looking at developing with ASP.NET MVC or Silverlight 2.0.p
Negative 63 pFreemarker, Tiles oder Velocity Which template engine is the best for a multiusersystem build with strutsp
Negative 63 pI have a 10 second sound effect wave file. What I would like to do is take that file and repeat it n number of times and then save the longer WAV file to disk. This way I can create a much longer background effect rather than autorepeat on the media player which is a bit stuttered between repeats. I am trying to do this in C.p
Negative 63 pIm using SQL Server Compact SQL CE together with sync framework. However the sync framework creates some system tables when calling the CreateSchema method of the SqlCeClientSyncProvider e.g. sysSyncArticle, sysSyncSubscription, ....p  pIm not able to delete these tables with SQL statements within Visual Studio states that drop table is not supported and when trying to create a SqlCeCommand I get a message that the specified tables do not exist.p  pWhat does it take to delete SQL CE system tables programmaticallyp
Negative 63 pLets imagine I got thisp  pindex.php generates form with unpredictable number of inputs with certain IDsNames and different values that can be edited by user and saved by script.phpp  precodeltform actionscript.php methodpostgt ltinput id1 name1 typetext value1gt ltinput id24 name24 typetext value2233gt ltinput id55 name55 typetext value231321gt ltformgt codepre  pScript.phpp  pHere I need to get something like array of all inputs that were generated by index.php and save every value that corresponds to its idname.p  pIs there a way to do thisp
Negative 63 pI have an Excel table with several items 1, 2, 3..., each of which has subitems 1.1, 1.2, etc.  Im using the list of subitems as my key column and populating the main items using vlookups, but only showing each main item once.p  pre     A        B         C       1 Item1     1.Note    Item1.1  2                     Item1.2  3                     Item1.3  4 Item2     2.Note    Item2.1  5                     Item2.2  6                     Item2.3  7                     Item2.4  8 Item3     3.Note    Item3.1  9                     Item3.2  0                     Item3.3  pre  pColumn C is raw data, A and B are formulas.p  pColumn B has notes, so the text may be long.  I want to wrap the notes to take up all the rows available.  I can do this manually by selecting B1B3 and merging them, but then it wont update if I add items to column C.  I dont care if the cells are merged or just wrapped and overlapping.p  pCan this be done in formulas or VBAp
Negative 63 pAs far as I can see silverlight only supports streaming over http even in version 2, as I understand it mms is converted to http and therefore you cannot stream RSTP I have tried to test this and get network errors unless I stream http.p  pDoes anyone know if RSTP is going to be supported in Silverlight or if it is and howp  pThanksp  pPp
Negative 63 pI have created some rounded navigation tabs using CSS and am having trouble when implementingn codehovercode.p  pFirstly here is a link to the site a hrefhttpwww.ronnieweb.byethost10.comtestindex.html relnofollowTabsa as it is quite difficult to explain. Please, hover over the left side of the tabs to understand my problem. I have explained below.p  pI have a background image set on navigation li items this contains the left side corner and i then have a second background image the right corner this is set using navigation a.p  pHowever when i hover over the left side of the tab, only a small piece of background is shown, i presume this is because only the li area is being hovered over. Obviously i would like the entire tab to highlight as it does when you hover over the rest of it.p  pThis was quite hard to explain so if you need to question me further to understand the problem please do.p
Negative 63 pUsing ASP.NET WebServices, by default you cant pass any IDictionary objects, because xml serialization for IDictionaries isnt supported.  I have found various ways to serialized dictionaries a hrefhttpweblogs.asp.netpwelter34archive20060503444961.aspx relnofollowhttpweblogs.asp.netpwelter34archive20060503444961.aspxa, a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.compsheillarchive20050409406823.aspx relnofollowhttpblogs.msdn.compsheillarchive20050409406823.aspxa, a hrefhttpwww.mattberther.com20040614serializinganidictionaryobject relnofollowhttpwww.mattberther.com20040614serializinganidictionaryobjecta but, I cant find any way to hook this into the Asp.NET web methods.p  pIs there a way to hook it up so that I can use IDictionaries with WebMethodsp
Negative 63 pI have problems setting up a hrefhttpcode.google.compgebenonemacs relnofollowgebenonemacsa on Windows. I havep  ul liGNU Emacs 23.0.60.1li ligeben 0.22li lixampp 1.7.0li liXdebug 2.0.4li ul  pNative a hrefhttpxdebug.orgdocsinstalldebugclient relnofollowDebugclienta is working fine debug session gets established and I can issue various debug commands.p  pThis is what happens when I try to debug with gebenp  ul liIssue strongMx gebenstrong. Get emWaiting for debug server to connect at port 9000em response.li liOpen codehttplocalhosttest.phpXDEBUGSESSIONSTARTmydebugcode in browser.li ul  pAt this stage PHP script gets loaded but the minor mode doesnt get set gebenmode. So SPC, i, o, r, g etc dont work. If I try to issue commands manually e.g. codeMx gebenruncode nothing happens. I can switch to GEBENlt127.0.0.1900 buffer and enter a hrefhttpxdebug.orgdocsdbgp.php relnofollowDBGpa commands manually though.p  pMessages buffer has this line, not sure if it is relevantp  blockquote   pUnable to load color brightbluep blockquote  pWhat do I do wrongp
Negative 63 pBy default, a winforms dropdown always extends to the right from the dropdown button  menu item. However, I have a toolbox button similiar to chromes options button which is on the farright side of the window when clicked, the default menu would always extend outside of the window.p  pAre there any builtin ways to make the menu drop left from the dropdown button, or do I have to set the menus position by hand, and manually showhidep  pEdit there are 2 situations, where such behaviour is less than optimalp  ul lipif its not fullscreen, or close to the right end, it will hang out from the apps window and pli lipIn a multimonitor enviornment, it drops down on the next monitorpli ul
Negative 63 pAs a Swing developer for as many years as one can possibly be a Swing developer, Ive identified a lot of patterns that I use in laying out components.  For example, I often create components that are associated with a JLabel.  I usually writep  precodeJPanel panel  new JPanelnew BorderLayout panel.addlabel, BorderLayout.NORTH panel.addlist, BorderLayout.CENTERcodepre  pI do this so often, that Ive decided to create a class that contains my commonlyused layout idioms.  Then I can simply sayp  precodeJPanel panel  LayoutPatterns.createNorthLabeledPanellabel, listcodepre  p...which reduces my typing load considerably.p  pSo, now I have a class full of about 20 static methods.  The class has no state  all context is passed in through the method parameters.p  pBesides Javas Math class, I havent seen any classes that are composed entirely of static methods, and that have no state.  p  pOn one hand, this doesnt feel right.  On the other hand, I dont see anything wrong with it.  p  pIs this an okay pattern to use, or something that indicates a Code Smell  If this pattern were applied to a different domain, should I be concerned about multithreaded uses of a class of statics  Would you balk if you ever saw this in productionquality codep
Negative 63 pI am trying to add validation for message payload which are json. I am using a hrefhttpjackson.codehaus.org relnofollowJacksona  Json processor for data binding, which works quite well for me, using bean methods and occasional annotation or two.p  pBut beyond data binding, I would like to declaratively validate actual values and specifically I prefer annotations over any external schema DRY principle, keeping code amp constraints fully insync. And so I am looking for a simple validation library to do this.p  pIt looks like JSR303 pretty much defines annotations I would need for declaration part. And it looks like a hrefhttpwww.hibernate.org412.html relnofollowHibernate Validatora is an implementation for actual validator that uses these annotations. But documentation covers use case where it is used with Hibernate, so I am not sure if it could be used outside Hibernate itself. Since I do not do any database access for the service in question, I would prefer not including other parts of Hibernate.p  pHas anyone done this or have good pointers to samplesp  pAlternatively, if anyone knows of another good JSR303 implementation that would work as well.p
Negative 63 pI have a Perl project were I just had a problem by making a circular package call.  The code below demonstrates the problem.  p  pWhen this is executed, each package will call the other until all of the memory of the computer is consumed and it locks up.  I agree that this is a bad design and that circular calls like this should not be made in the design, but my project is sufficiently big that I would like to detect this at run time.  p  pI have read about the weaken function and DataStructureUtil, but I have not figured out a way to detect if there is a circular package load I am assume, because a new copy is being made at each iteration and stored in each copy of the this hash.  Any ideasp  precodeuse systemone  my one  new systemone   package systemone  use strict  use systemtwo  sub new    my class      my this       blessthis,class     attributes   thisgttwo  new systemtwo   return this     package systemtwo  use strict  use systemone  sub new    my class      my this       blessthis,class     attributes   thisgtone  new systemone   return this   codepre
Negative 63 pcan this code snippet be modified to reveal html codingp  precodeltphp option  thisgtgetOption gt ltphp echo  thisgthtmlEscapeoptiongtgetTitle gt codepre  pit is showing a title but in that title i have an hrefp  precodelta hrefhttplink targetotherwindowgtlinkltagt codepre  pinstead of it appearing as a link it just shows me the code. id like it to be a clickable link.p  ppossiblep
Negative 63 pbr  i  already have a  project with TreeNode class which creates a hierachy of nodes like treeview. Now i want to add a XML node  to that treenode.p  pIn a simple way i can do it by using windows forms Treeview widget, But i dont want to use that.p  pIs there any other way through which i can add nodes to the treenode  p  pThanks..p
Negative 63 pIve created an MSI file with WiX. The source WiX file contains the version information like thisp  precodeltProduct Id...   Name...   Language1033   Version1.0.0.1   Manufacturer...   UpgradeCode...gt codepre  pThe MSI file seem to work OK it installs, it uninstalls, it upgrades when I increase the version number, etc. p  pHowever, when I attempt to get the version information about this file by calling the MsiGetFileVersion API, it returns error 1006 ERRORFILEINVALID  File does not contain version information.p  pHence my question how to programmatically, in C retrieve the version number of an MSI file Or, to put it another way, where in the WiX file should the version information go in order to be retrievable via MsiGetFileVersionp  pMore information The same error occurs with MSI 3.0 on Windows XP and MSI 4.0 on Vista.p
Negative 63 pMy kiddo had a homework assignment to write Blackjack in Java. I helped him a little but for the most part he did it all himself and it actually plays pretty well. He even caught an error I didnt see in how it was calculating hand values. However, there is a snag that he hasnt dealt with and every solution I can think of is really complicated and way beyond what hes going to be able to easily code up with his still rudimentary Java skills.p  pThe Ace. In fact, not just one Ace, theres four of them and you could possibly get all four of them in a single hand. How do you elegantly deal with calculating the value of a hand of cards when theres one or more Aces, each of which might be valued at one or eleven. I feel like there should be a graceful algorithm for it, but Im not seeing it. Of course, part of it could just be that Im tired, but maybe you can help.p
Negative 63 pI have a code, and I do not understand it. I am developing an application which precision is very important. but it does not important for .NET, why I dont know.p  precodedouble value  3.5 MessageBox.Showvalue  1  Math.Pow10, 20.ToString codepre  pbut the message box shows 3.5 Please help me, Thank you.p
Negative 63 pIn vb.net 2008 I want to execute a batch file that resides on another computer. There is no error, but nothing happens.  Here is the codep  precodeDim pStart As New System.Diagnostics.Process Dim startInfo As New System.Diagnostics.ProcessStartInfoserverpath amp file.bat startInfo.RedirectStandardOutput  True startInfo.WindowStyle  ProcessWindowStyle.Hidden startInfo.UseShellExecute  False pStart  System.Diagnostics.Process.StartstartInfo pStart.WaitForExit pStart.Close codepre
Negative 63 pHas anyone else ran into the issue where you created a prototype based window using the window.js library and it renders just fine in every browser except IE6p  pThe test page I am trying to use to debug this issue can be viewed at rik.kmshooting.comtest.phpp  pAs you can see, the window graphics, which are backgroundimage values assign in CSS are obviously being wiped out in IE6. I have tried the examples given on the website that actually developed this and it seems to do the same thing there.p  pI would love it if someone has come up with an answer or good workaround for this issue.p  pThanks folks.p  pAp
Negative 63 pIs there a way to draw smooth animation in javascript In directx Im using the vertical synchronisation. Can I achieve this in a html canvasp
Negative 63 pWondering if anyone has experience andor sample code for making DDE calls from Java.  Ive done DDE using win32 calls from the stddde library DdeInitialize, DdeClientTransaction, and could write a JNI wrapper for this, but I was thinking that it might be nice to do it from a hrefhttpsgithub.comtwalljna relnofollowJNAap  pI also have some concerns about the fact that DDE calls need to occur from a thread with message pump, and Im not entirely certain of how to force that in Java.p  pThe calls well be doing are pretty simple equivalent to VBAs DDInitiate, DDEExcecute and DDETerminate functions.p
Negative 63 pI have an issue with a pager control i am building. My code is the followingp  precodeprotected override void CreateChildControls    base.CreateChildControls    pnl  new Panel  ID  NewsPager, CssClass  NewsPager    Controls.Addddl    AddPagerControls  codepre  pAddPagerControls adds a bunch of LinkButtons that use the same event handlerp  precodeprivate void liClickobject sender, EventArgs e    selectedValue  LinkButton sender.CommandArgument   AddPagerControls  codepre  pWhat happens now is that when i add the Next LinkButton, it gets its CommandArgument set correctly usingp  precodevar liNext  new LinkButton ID  NewsPagerLinkNext, Text  ampgt, CommandArgument  int.Parsevalue  1.ToString liNext.Click  new EventHandlerliClick pnl.Controls.AddliNext codepre  pi.e. if the current page is 2, then the Next buttons CommandArgument will be 3 when debugging the code.  However, when the page has rendered and I click the next button it will work once going from page 1 to 2 but then it will always be 2, even though in code it is set to 3. So something must happen when the control is rendered.p  pI am a bit at a loss here. I tried changing the call to AddPagerControls in CreateChildControls to ifPage.IsPostBackAddPagerControls but then the event handler wont fire at all.p  pstrongEditstrong P.S.I do a pnl.Controls.Clear when the AddPagerControls method is called from event handler, otherwise the LinkButtons would be added twice.p  pstrongEdit P.P.S.strong I recaculate which Linkbuttons to add each time because i need to show only 5 links if more then pages exist i.e.  p  pltlt  lt    2 3 4 5 6 7   p
Negative 63 pIs there any way to create a new  NSString from a format string like xxx, yyy and a NSArray of objectsp  pIn the NSSTring class there are many methods likep  precode idinitWithFormatNSString format argumentsvalistargList  idinitWithFormatNSString format localeidlocale argumentsvalistargList  idstringWithFormatNSString format, ... codepre  pbut non of them takes a NSArray as an argument, and I cannot find a way to create a valist from a NSArray...p
Negative 63 pI have generic list which must be a preserved order so I can retrieve the index of an object in the list. The problem is IndexOf is way too slow. If I comment the IndexOf out, the code runs fast as can be. Is there a better way, such as a empreservedem ordered hash list for cp  pThanks, Natep  ul liEdit  The order in which the items are addedinserted is the order it needs to be. No sorting on them is necessary. Also this list has the potential to be updated often, add, remove, insert. Basically I need to translate the object to an index due to them being represented in a grid control so I can perform operations on the grid control based on index.li ul
Negative 63 pI was trying all of yesterday to try and integrate a SQL Database with SmartGWT for a lazy list but I just couldnt figure out how to implement it. a hrefhttpwww.smartclient.comsmartgwtjavadoc relnofollowJavaDoca, and a hrefhttpwww.smartclient.comsmartgwtshowcasetree5Fdatabinding5Fondemand relnofollowexample of a lazy listap  pWhat I want to do is create a list of a bunch of sites all over the world.  The problem is there will probably be about a million of them, so Im trying to load as few as possible at a time.  Each site in my DB has an address, so Im trying to sort them in the tree structure like CountryStateCitySites.  Every time you go down a level there will be a query to the DB asking for all of the next level Whether that be all the cities that have sites in the state chosen, or what ever.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated. p  pALSO In the example linked the folders and leafs are the type of element, is there a way to keep folders, folders, and then leafs a separate type of objectp
Negative 63 pI have the css code below along with an image to show its output.  I need help though 2 things.p  ol lipThis code works pretty good to show the username on the photo, however I noticed today while using chrome all day often when I would click a link that would take me to the page that has images with this code, it would not show the name on the image, it would just show the name below the image and the transparent black div would not be visible at all and the name would not even be on the image, I would then refresh the page and it would work fine, what could cause this, this was while my PC was acting like it was short on memory, could that be part of the issuepli lipI would like to make a bar show at     the top of the image that is the     width of the image and like maybe     23 pixels tall and have a     background color of like blue.  What     I am wanting to accomplish is for     femail users there will be a pink     bar over there image and a different     color for males.  Can someone who     knows css help me modify this to do     that the best pleasepli ol  pimg srchttpi25.tinypic.com2isxqoz.jpg altalt text p  precodeltstyle typetextcssgt div.imageSub  position relative  div.imageSub img  zindex 1  div.imageSub div      position absolute     left 0px     right 0px     bottom 0     padding 5px     height 5px     lineheight 4px     textalign center     overflow hidden  div.imageSub div.blackbg      zindex 2     backgroundcolor 000     msfilter progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.AlphaOpacity70     filter alphaopacity70     opacity 0.5  div.imageSub div.label      zindex 3     color white  ltstylegt  ltdiv classimageSub stylewidth 90pxgt lt Put Your Image Width gt     ltimg srchttpcache2.mycrib.netimagesimagegroup66043t6871399b0962b5fb4e29ce477541e165950078.jpg altSomething width90gt     ltdiv classblackbggtltdivgt     ltdiv classlabelgtSaraltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pWe get into unnecessary coding arguments at my work allthetime. Today I asked if conditional AND ampamp or OR  had higher precedence. One of my coworkers insisted that they had the same precedence, I had doubts, so I looked it up. p  pAccording to MSDN AND ampamp has higher precedence than OR . But, can you prove it to a skeptical coworkerp  pa hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa69132328VS.7129.aspxhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa691323VS.71.aspxap  precodebool result  false  true ampamp false  gt false  is the same result as bool result  false  true ampamp false  gt false  even though I know that the first statement is evaluated as  bool result  false  true ampamp false  gt false codepre  pSo my question is how do you prove with code that AND ampamp has a higher precedence that OR  If your answer is it doesnt matter, then why is it built that way in the languagep
Negative 63 pI have a SAS file handle created as suchp  precodefilename filehandle report.htm codepre  pI have several files packed Javascript files which have very long lines 32K in length. I would like a way to append their contents to the file above.p  pI know that if I dop  precodedata null     file filehandle     put very long string here run codepre  pSometimes, the very long string has line breaks inserted, which I dont want since it could break the Javascript code.p  pIdeally, something likep  precodex cat packed.js gtgt report.htm codepre  pwould work well but I only have the file handle, not the original file path.p  pWhat routines could help me accomplish the job efficiently Is there some way to read the packed JS file and write them out using put, either line by line or character by characterp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have two JPanels lets call these Panel1 and Panel2. These panels are of the same width, but varying heights. p  pI want to put these JPanels into one big JPanel lets call it Panel0, and stack them on top of each other I decided to set Panel0s layout as GridLayout0,1.p  pThe problem, is that both nested panels panels 1 and 2 end up having the same dimensions those of the biggest between the two, instead of the setPreferredDimension and setDimension that I set to them.p  pSorry, I cant really provide any code theres a lot of crap added to the panels, and its all for something workrelated. Any advice Thanksp
Negative 63 pOur daily feed file averages 2 GB in size. These files get archived to a single zip file at the end of each month and stored in a network share. From time to time, I have a need to search for certain records in those files. I do this by connecting by remote desktop to the shared server, unzip the files to a temp folder, run grep or PowerShell search, and then delete the temp folder. Now, because our server is running low in disk space, it is no longer recommeded to unzip them all to a temp folder. What is an efficient way to do a regex search on those zipped files with minimum impact on disk or network resourcesp
Negative 63 pI have a question for those iPhone hackers.p  pPeople using private apis know that their private headers are dumped using a tool called classdump. As I know, this tool only dumps ObjectiveC headers. Is there any way to dump C headers p  pFor example, GraphicsService, a framework on iPhone. Some guys successfully generated its headers. How did they do it I think the possible way is to dump the headers with the symbols names. But how to get them p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm creating a nonintrusive popup window to notify the user when processing a timeconsuming operation.  At the moment Im setting its transparency by calling codeSetLayeredWindowAttributescode which gives me a reasonable resultp  pimg srchttpimg6.imageshack.usimg63144transparentn.jpg altalt text p  pHowever strongId like the text and close button to appear opaquestrong it doesnt quite look right with white text while keeping the background transparent  is there a way of doing thisp
Negative 63 pI try to use Eclipse as an IDE for C programming. Hence, I installed cygwin successfully thereby getting gcc,gdb, and make tools. Im able to execute C programs on cygwin, however I cant do that on Command prompt. I know, there must be a problem related to Path. But I added CCygwinbinCCygwinusrbin to the path. I doublechecked the folders by bash command on Cygwin.p  pNothing worked out yet. Ive no idea about the next step. What I know is I cant use Eclipse in the present conditions.p
Negative 63 pIm using the a hrefhttpdoc.trolltech.comsolutionsqtwinmigrateindex.html relnofollowQtMfc Migration Frameworka to begin to convert some UI code from MFC to Qt. Im wondering whether I absolutely have to keep the Qt migration code in a seperate library or if it would be possible to include it in my project. In order to do that, I would have to modify it slightly add include stdafx.h for example and change some other include paths. The Qt LGPL exception, which is also used for the migration framework, readsp  blockquote   pNokia Qt LGPL Exception version 1.0p      pAs a special exception to the GNU Lesser General Public License   version 2.1, the object code form of a work that uses the Library   may incorporate material from a header file that is part of the   Library.  You may distribute such object code under terms of your   choice, provided that the incorporated material i does not exceed   more than 5 of the total size of the Library and ii is limited to   numerical parameters, data structure layouts, accessors, macros,   inline functions and templates.p blockquote  pWould I trigger the license or am I still in the greenp
Negative 63 pIs it more preferrable, when assigning to a hash of just keys where the values arent really needed, to sayp  precodehashnewkey   codepre  pOr to sayp  precodehashnewkey  1 codepre  pOne necessitates that you check for a key with codeexistscode, the other allows you to say eitherp  precodeif exists hashsomekey codepre  porp  precodeif hashsomekey codepre  pI would think that assigning a 1 would be better, but are there any problems with this Does it even matterp
Negative 63 pI have one view controller with a UIscrollview built in. There are a total of 42 images and im trying to fade each image into the nextp  pI know i have to use something called begin animation and commit animation.p  pI have tried tirelessy to get this to work. Could someone post up the code for me here and have me attempt it one more time im willing to even pay someone for a phone consultation since its so fustrating. If someone could help me out that would be awesome.p  pAlso, do i have to add anything to my delegate files to get this to work im thinking these few lines of code and im good to go rightp  pthanks p
Negative 63 pI want to set the style of some controls on my UserControl, but cant seem to find the right syntaxp  precodeltUserControl xClassHiideSRM.WIDSModule.BiometricStatusIndicator                 xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation                 xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml                 gt      ltStyle TargetTypexType Bordergt         ltSetter  PropertyWidth Value10gt      ltStylegt     ltStackPanel OrientationHorizontal xNamePanelgt         ltBorder Height50 Margin1gt         ltBorder Height10 Margin1gt         ltBorder Height10 Margin1gt         ltBorder Height10 Margin1gt     ltStackPanelgt  ltUserControlgt codepre
Negative 63 pI keep reading about the benefits of using MVVM, especially for unit testing. So, now I need to write unit tests for my ViewModel. Does anyone have any examples of this Should I just generate the unit tests using VS2008 and select those tests that appear importantp
Negative 63 pI need to check if a record exists in the table or not from a SELECT statement. If the record exists, do an update otherwise create a record on the table.  Im trying to but im getting codePLS00103code error.p  pThese are the errors that Im getting when i run my code in DBVisaulzierp  precode180009  [DECLARE  0 rows, 0.000 secs]  [Error Code 6550, SQL State 65000]  ORA06550 line 2, column 12 PLS00103 Encountered the symbol endoffile when expecting one of the following   .     not null range default character 180009  [BEGIN  0 rows, 0.000 secs]  [Error Code 6550, SQL State 65000]   ORA06550 line 2, column 97 PLS00103 Encountered the symbol endoffile when expecting one of the following   180009  [IF  0 rows, 0.000 secs]  [Error Code 900, SQL State 42000]  ORA00900 invalid SQL statement 180009  [ELSE  0 rows, 0.000 secs]  [Error Code 900, SQL State 42000]    ORA00900 invalid SQL statement 180009  [END  0 rows, 0.000 secs]  [Error Code 900, SQL State 42000]  ORA00900 invalid SQL statement 180009  [END  0 rows, 0.000 secs]  [Error Code 900, SQL State 42000]  ORA00900 invalid SQL statement ... 6 statements executed, 0 rows affected, execfetch time 0.0000.000 sec  [0 successful, 0 warnings, 6 errors] codepre  pThe following is my codep  precodeDECLARE a NUMBER  BEGIN    SELECT 1      INTO a      FROM FRECEMAIL t    WHERE t.FranchiseNo  208254846       AND t.ReportID  1       AND t.id  165    IF a1 THEN         UPDATE FRECEMAIL           SET email  blahfoo.com         WHERE FranchiseNo  208254846            AND ReportID  1            AND ID  165      ELSE          INSERT INTO FRECEMAIL           FranchiseNo, Email, ReportID          VALUES            208254846, blahfoo.com, 1      END IF END codepre
Negative 63 pI want to create an element using DIV amp CSS like belowp  precodeCreate By ltavatar image 16x16gt Prashant codepre  pCan anyone tell me what will be the CSS and DIV code for above type of layout. I dont want to use tables for this, DIV and CSS only. p  pIn a hrefhttpdigg.com relnofollowDigga listing youll find the same kind of display, I tried but not able to  make the username central align in respect of the avatar image. Please helpp
Negative 63 pWhile reviewing the tutorials and example Flex projects, they seem to focus mainly on form elements and data grids, rather than delivering content in a more visual way. Which is what I will need for this upcoming project. As a result, I have a gap in my comfort level that Im hoping that a seasoned Flex developer can help me hurtle.p  pThe project that I have is a collaboration index tool to display customers products and services using an user interface with four separate panels.p  ol lithe topleft panel will contain a list of categories in a vertical scroll.li liThe bottom left panel will contain a wheel effect of subcategories, based on the category chosen.li liThe top right panel will contain the detail information  The selected Category Title and Description. And below that, the selected subcategory title and description.li liThe bottom right panel will contain a list of the service and product items that belong to the subcategory. Below each item in the list will be a linkgroup accordion with url links for more information in each.li ol  pThere will be an XML file containing the complete data tree driving this collaboration index. Additionally, depending on the category chosen, color variances will occur in the background of the some of layout sections.p  pSo, It appears that I will need to create a few custom components, maybe adopt a few existing components, and reskin everything so that it carries a synonymous look and feel to the clients branding.p  pAlthough I have a bunch of questions, tackling the first section seems logical, and the first question that comes to mind in this section is in the top left panel, should the list of categories be standard Flex buttons that are reskinned or should they be object instances somehow brought in to Flex. Then in the second section, I was had seen a component that displayed images in a way that was perfect for this section. But, the items show here would be just visual, rounded corner blocks with subcategory names in them. So, Im not sure if that component will work or not.p
Negative 63 pCan I convert a dynamically created c table to an html string p  pI mean like this p  precodeTable t  new Table TableRow tr  new TableRow TableCell td  new TableCell td.Text  Some text... Istanbul tr.Cells.Addtd t.Rows.Addtr t.ToString Response.Writet.ToString codepre  pI wanna see in the page p  precodelttablegt lttrgt lttdgt Some text...  Istanbul lttdgt lttrgt lttablegt codepre
Negative 63 pre code void reversechar str     int i,j     char temp     fori0,jstrlenstr1 iltj i, j      temp  str  i      str  i  str  j      str  j  temp      printfc,str  j        code code int main int argc, char const argv[]      char str  Shiv     reversestr     printfs,str     return 0  code pre  pWhen I use char str  Shiv the lines in the swapping part of my reverse function i.e str[i]str[j] dont seem to work, however if I declare str as char str[]  Shiv, the swapping part works What is the reason for this. I was a bit puzzled by the behavior, I kept getting the message Bus error when I tried to run the program.p
Negative 63 precodeltulgt   ltli classselected cellgttestltligt   ltli classcellgttest2ltligt ltulgt codepre  pHow can I select only the .selected .cell element p  pY.one.selected, .cell lt This selects boths li elements. and I just want to select the first li element. p  pIs there something like Y.one.cell.one.selected p
Negative 63 pdo routed events from wpf have something in common with the chain of responsibility pattern p  pi googled for this and i dont see anyone talking about this S, although i though that the routed events are an implementation of that pattern p
Negative 63 pHi I have a java class which has been deployed as WAR web application in a BlazeDSSpring server sitting on JBOSS.p  pApart from the Flex application which will access the WAR file, I also need to start some server side processs which will initiate BlazeDS pushes to the Flex client via AMF messaging.p  pWhat is the best way to implement this server side process  Should it just be a class with a main method in the WAR file which gets called from the command line Can this be done  not sure you can run a class in a WAR file from command line  Should it just be a class with a main method in a JAR file which gets called from the command linep  pNot sure what the standard practise here is. The key is that the process needs to be started on the BlazeDS server to push data out not on the Flex client.p  pAny help would he appreacited Mikep
Negative 63 pHas anyone here worked with Sync Framework and syncing through WCF endpoints Please share code samples or sample projects. I am specifically looking for offline scenarios where client comes online only to fetch updates from the Server.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to connect a desktop application I am writing with the del.icio.us api  a hrefhttpdelicious.comhelpapi relnofollowDelicious APIa and simply provide them with my username and password and to request an url to post a bookmark to my profile.p  pThe problem I have is that I dont understand how to send my login credentials when I open a connection.p  pHow would I go about doing thisp
Negative 63 pI would like to to create a 2step file uploaderp  ol liOpen dialog.li liSelect one file from computer. li ol  pI would like to eliminate the step where the user must submit the form, and instead do it automatically with JavaScript. Is there anyway to achieve itp  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIs there a way to set a constant depending on whether unit tests are runbr The problem with the unit test framework is de way it deals with dependencies it will copy files but it does not seem to respect the directory structure. As a solution, Im checking whether the DEBUG constant is set when looking for files to load but this raises problems when the project execution is not part of a testrun but when its debug session run by the developer. I have tried setting a TESTRUN constant in the unit test project but this approach fails because its not set for the project being debugged.p
Negative 63 pI have a WPF application which tightly coupled to linq2sql through WCF. It now turns out the Customer would like some sort of Offline mode using an xml file structure.p  pLets say I have a Customers Table, Each Customer would have many Orders, with each order only belonging to one customer, so In my table design I would have a fkCustId Column in my Orders table.p  pI would like to know if there is any straightforward pattern of serializing an instance of CustomerLinq2sql entity, so that it would automatically include the Order Child nodes in the xml.p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 63 pI would like to send an email through a remote SMTP server. How can this be done I will be sending the email from a bash shell script.p  pIm using a unix machine. codeuname acode returnsp  precodeLinux linux 2.4.21 BrandZ fake linux i686 athlon i386 GNULinux codepre
Negative 63 pI have two sets of codep  precodevar holder  document.createElementdiv  var a  document.createElementdiv a.style.float  left a.style.width  90px a.style.height  90 a.style.border  1px dotted black  var b  document.createElementdiv b.style.float  left b.style.width  90px b.style.height  90 b.style.border  1px dotted black  holder.appendChilda holder.appendChildb codepre  pAndp  precodevar holder  document.createElementdiv  var a  document.createElementdiv a.setAttributestyle, floatleft width90px height 90 border 1px dotted black  var b  document.createElementdiv b.setAttributestyle, floatleft width250px height 90 border 1px dotted black  holder.appendChilda holder.appendChildb codepre  pThe first example doesnt work properly  b sits below a.p  pThe second example works fine  b sits to the right of a.p  pWhyp
Negative 63 pCan you recommend a library that lets me add XMP data to a TIFF file Preferably a library that can be used with Java.p
Negative 63 pI want the installer to skip showing setup type screen where you can choose Typical, Custom, Complete features, How can I do this I provided only one feature set named product. And I also want the user be able to change the installation directory.p
Negative 63 pI have an app with an Account model. Each Account belongsto a sport, which I would usually have as a Sport model and in the DB.  But as this isnt really something that will change and is not administered by the end users I thought that it might be better to put it as an integer column in the Account model and map to a hash using a class variable.p  pHowever, I need each sport to have many playerpositions which are specific to each sport. So I thought maybe I could do something likep  precodeplayerpositions  rugby gt [position1, ..., ...] codepre  pIs this good practice for static data like this or should I stick to putting it in the DB as it is relationalp  pI also thought maybe I could use a yaml file but not sure how I could set that up.p
Negative 63 pI am displaying a grid in an IFrame on my homepage. The grid uses a CSS file to define design for rows, columns, header amp footer.p  pBelow is the image of the grid. In the footer, you can see the page navigation links.p  pimg srchttprohitprakash.typepad.comiframe.JPG altalt textp  pThe problem is that this footer is displayed on IE, but it is invisible in all the other browsers. What changes I need to do in this CSS codep  precodebody  font 0.8em Arial    Datagrid Table  table.tbl  width100 border 2px solid 94DEFA fontsize 0.9em clear both  table.tbl tr tdfirstchild  display none   td.tblheader  background urlimagesheadbg.gif textalign center padding 3px fontweight bold borderbottom 2px solid c3daf9  td.tblheader  backgroundcolor94DEFA textalign center padding 3px fontweight bold borderbottom 2px solid c3daf9  tr.tblfooter  table.tblfooter displaytablerow fontsize 1em tr.tblrow height 40px tr.tblrowhover  background EBFFFF cursor pointer   Old color E9E9E9  tr.tblroweven  background F5F9FF  tr.tblrowodd  background FFFFFF  tr.tblrowhighlighthover  background lightblue cursor pointer  td.tblnav  background urlimagesheadbg.gif height 20px bordertop 2px solid c3daf9 color 4D4D4D  td.tblnav  backgroundcolorc3daf9 height 20px bordertop 2px solid c3daf9 color 4D4D4D  td.tblnav  backgroundcolorwhite height 20px bordertop 2px solid c3daf9 color 4D4D4D  td.tblpages  textalign center  td.tblrownum  textalign right  td.tblcell  td.tblcontrols  textalign center  td.tblfound  td.tblcheckall  td.tblpage  textalign right  td.tblnoresults  fontweight bold color 9F0000 height 45px textalign center  span.tblreset  margin 5px 5px  img.tblresetimage  marginright 5px border 0  span.tblcreate  margin 5px 0  img.tblcreateimage  marginright 5px border 0  div.tblfilterbox  img.tblarrows  border 0  img.tblorderimage  margin 0 2px border 0  img.tblfilterimage  border 0  img.tblcontrolimage  border 0  span.pageselected  color black fontweight bold  input.tblcheckbox  codepre
Negative 63 pI am using SharePoint Server 2007 Enterprise with Windows Server 2008 Enterprise, and I am using publishing portal template. I am using SharePoint Designer 2007 to design pages. When I open the default.aspx under Pages subfolder of a site, there are two options  Edit in Browser and Edit Page Layout. I want to know what are the differences between Edit in Browser and Edit Page Layout  especially what is the function of Edit Page Layout, because when I select Edit Page Layout, WelcomeSplash.aspx opens in SharePoint Designer, other than default.aspx itself very confused.p  pthanks in advance, Georgep
Negative 63 pIm looking for a .NET implementation of the a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiStream5FControl5FTransmission5FProtocolSCTPa protocol. A component or a CF source code would be preferred, however if no such thing is available a VB.NET source code could probably work too. The project Im working on is targeting the .NET Framework v3.5 but anything that works with .NET v2 to v4 is welcome.p
Negative 63 pI try to insert features on a custom google map  i use the sample code from the doc  but i get a ServiceException Internal server error when i call the  services insert method. p  pHere is what i do  p  ul liI create a map and get the resulting MapEntry object li ul  blockquote precodemyMapEntry  MapEntry service.insertmapUrl, myEntry codepre blockquote  pThis works fine  i can see the map i created in my maps on google. p  ul liI use the feed url from the map to insert a feature  li ul  blockquote   pfinal URL featureEditUrl    myMapEntry.getFeatureFeedUrlp blockquote  ul liI create a kml string using the sample from the doc  li ul  blockquote precodeString kmlStr  lt Placemark xmlnshttpwww.opengis.netkml2.2gt                   ltnamegtAunt Joanas Ice Cream Shopltnamegt                   ltPointgt                   ltcoordinatesgt87.74613826475604,41.90504663195118,0lt  coordinatesgt                   ltPointgtltPlacemarkgt codepre blockquote  ul liAnd when i call the insert method i get an internal server error.li ul  pI must be doing something wrong but i cant see what, can anybody  help  p  pHere is the complete code i use  p  precode    public void doCreateFeaturesFormapMapEntry myMap                          throws ServiceException, IOException                   final URL featureEditUrl  myMap.getFeatureFeedUrl                  FeatureEntry featureEntry  new FeatureEntry                  try                           String kmlStr  ltPlacemark xmlnshttpwww.opengis.netkml  2.2gt                                   ltnamegtAunt Joanas Ice Cream Shopltnamegt                                   ltPointgt                                   ltcoordinatesgt87.74613826475604,41.90504663195118,0lt  coordinatesgt                                   ltPointgtltPlacemarkgt                          XmlBlob kml  new XmlBlob                          kml.setFullTextkmlStr                          featureEntry.setKmlkml                          featureEntry.setTitlenew PlainTextConstructFeature Title                   catch NullPointerException e                           System.out.printlnError   e.getClass.getName                                    FeatureEntry myFeature  FeatureEntry service.insert                                  featureEditUrl, featureEntry            codepre  pThanks in advance,  Vincent. p
Negative 63 pI have got a couple of phones and another couple of PCs connected to a Wifi access point and need to send and receive messages between either of these, I mean anyone can send a message to anyone and receive a message from anyone.  p  pI am willing to write apps on the phonesstrongSymbian OS, S60 platformstrong or PCstrongWindowsstrong, but what I cant understand is how do I set up a client or server, since any one of these devices could be a client or server.   p  pIf I use sockets do I have to script for strongServerSocketsstrong and also strongSocketsstrong on each of these devices Can I use the strongHTTP protocolstrongp  pAlternatively any standard protocol that I could use to implement thisp
Negative 63 pI want to build a documentbased app in Cocoa but so that it can create and handle different types of documents. Think Word, Excel, Powerpoint all in one application, only much simpler. But every window will be different based on the type of document.p  pFor storage I will use CoreData. I think of adding a field that specifies the type of document since they should all have the same file ending. p  pSo without creating several independent apps what would be the best way to go about it How do I create this in Interface Builder How do I code this upp  pI dont need detailed source code or anything, just the general idea of how to do this, I will figure the rest out. p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pCurrently in an Android application that Im developing Im looping through the pixels of an image to blur it.  This takes about 30 seconds on a 640x480 image.  p  pWhile browsing apps in the Android Market I came across one that includes a blur feature and their blur is very fast like 5 seconds so they must be using a different method of blurring.p  pAnyone know a faster way other than looping through the pixelsp
Negative 63 pI configure a default tomcat installation running on localhost at port 8080 as a proxy server in my browser and try to connect to a hrefhttpwww.google.com relnofollowhttpwww.google.coma.p  pI would expect either an error message saying tomcat is not configured as a proxy server or I should get the contents of google website.p  pInstead I get the index.html page of my tomcat installation.p  pWhat is going wrongp
Negative 63 pThe code below does NOT change the text of all of a codeListViewscode rows because codegetChildCountcode does not get all of a codeListViewscode rows, but just the rows that are visible.   p  precodefor int i  0 i lt listView.getChildCount i      View v  listView.getChildAti     TextView tx  TextView v.findViewByIdR.id.mytext     tx.setTextSizenewTextSize  codepre  pSo, what SHOULD I do  p  pIs there code for getting a notification when a codeListViewscode row becomes visible, so I can set its text size thenp
Negative 63 pIm considering the value of a custom model binder that can instatiate immutable value objects defined in my domain layer. Then I can just pass them through the stack and set them on the appropriate entity. Has anyone tried Had any luck Think its a silly ideap
Negative 63 pLets suppose I have a signin form.  When I sign in successfully I am redirected to the logged in home page.  Currently, when I close this page without signing out, and reopen Firefox, this logged in home page is started again.p  pI want it so that when the user closes their browser the session is the session is expired and when they next open Firefox the loggedin home page isnt displayed.p  pI think session will be used for this, but I dont know how I can set a time or even make it so that when Firefox closes the closes session get destroyed.p
Negative 63 pIve got a really difficult bug and I cant see the fix. The subject drives me insane for real for a long time. Lets consider the following scenariop  p1 There is a PowerPoint 2003 presentation. It contains the only slide and the only shape, but the shape contains a text frame including a bulleted list with a random textual representation structure.p  p2 There is a requirement to get bullet indents for every bulletted paragraph using PowerPoint 2007. I can satisfy the requirement opening the presentation in the compatibility mode and applying the following VBA scriptp  precodeWith ActivePresentation   Dim sl As Slide Set sl  .Slides1   Dim sh As Shape Set sh  sl.Shapes1   Dim i As Integer   For i  1 To sh.TextFrame.TextRange.Paragraphs.Count     Dim para As TextRange Set para  sh.TextFrame.TextRange.Paragraphsi, 1     Debug.Print para.Text para.indentLevel, sh.TextFrame.Ruler.Levelspara.indentLevel.FirstMargin   Next i End With codepre  pthat produces the following outputp  precodeA 1 0  B 1 0  C 2 24  D 3 60  E 5 132  codepre  pObviously, everything is perfect indeed it has shown the proper list item text, list item level and its bullet indent. But I cant see the way of how I can reach the same result using C. Lets add a COMreference to Microsoft.Office.Interop.PowerPoint 2.9.0.0 taken from MSPPT.OLB, MS Office 12p  precode presentation  ...presentation.ppt...  a PowerPoint 2003 presentation Slide slide  presentation.Slides[1] Shape shape  slide.Shapes[1] for int i  1 iltshape.TextFrame.TextRange.Paragraphs1, 1.Count i      TextRange paragraph  shape.TextFrame.TextRange.Paragraphsi, 1     Console.WriteLine0 1 2, paragraph.Text, paragraph.IndentLevel, shape.TextFrame.Ruler.Levels[paragraph.IndentLevel].FirstMargin  codepre  pOh, man... Whats it Ive got problems here. First, the codeparagraph.Textcode value is trimmed until the codercode character is found however codeparagraph.Text[0]code really returns the first character Oo. But its ok, I can shut my eyes to this. But... But, second, I cant understand why the first margins are always zero and it does not matter which level they belong to. They are always zero in the compatibility mode... Its hard to believe it...  So is there any way to fix it or just to find a workaround Id like to accept any help regarding to the solution of the subject. I cant even find any article related to the issue.  Probably you have ever been face to face with it... Or is it just a bug with no fix and must it be reported to Microsoftp  pThank you.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to access an authenticated user within a form class. I played with passing the request object from a viewto the class init, but it seemed sloppy. Is there a better way to access the authenticated user or request object outside of a viewp  precodeclass LicenseFormforms.Form     def initself, args, kwargs     self.fields[license]  forms.ModelChoiceFieldquerysetself.licensequeryset, emptylabelNone, widgetforms.RadioSelect      def licensequeryset         queryset  License.objects.filterorganizationisnullTrue          add addtional filters if the logged in user belongs to an organization         return queryset      licenses  forms.ModelChoiceFieldquerysetlicensequeryset, emptylabelNone, widgetforms.RadioSelect codepre
Negative 63 pfirst of all, Im just a hobbyist, so Im sorry if this is dumb question or if Im being too naive. It also means that I cant buy expensive librariesp  pThis is the situation Im building a simple voice chat application in C.NET something like Ventrilo or TeamSpeak but only for about 15 or 20 people, and running on 100Mbps LAN. I have working server spawning thread for each client and client application using UDP for connection and DirectSound for capturing and playing the sound. I can make 1 on 1 calls but I cant figure out one of the most important things p  pHow do i have more than two people in the conversationp
Negative 63 pInstinctively, I would say that this is impossible, as NHibernate needs to know some mapping information on how to persist a given type. Thus, I encountered some situations in which I could use such a feature. For instance, through a named query or something like so. On the other hand, using a named query would require me to make an addition to the configuration file.p  pLets suppose we have an application interacting with some underlying datastore. This datastore is configured through the NHibernate configuration file. Then, I wish to have NHibernate load only a subset of an entity properties, from another subsystem to which my application shouldnt need to interact much, so it is not worthy to define classes for this system, as I only need a fraction of this alien systems information, lets say three out of thirtytwo data columns. For that matter, if I chose to load only those three columns lets say for performance concerns, I would then use an anonymous type, perform the required action onto this information, then persist it back to the datastore. Now, it wouldnt be of much interest to do so if I only had one entity to get loaded from the datastore, so lets say I have about 75,000 rows to load into my process. I then shall consider this subset option very seriouslyp  pWhat strategy should you choose in such situation, if you needed to persist these changes to a subset only of this entitys propertiesp  pFYI I am asking because I must write specific rules of usage with NHibernate, such rules that even a beginner developer would even be able to use it without knowing too much about NHibernate, but only following the rules and guidance of the technical documents I have to produce.p  pThanks in advance for any comments and answers.p
Negative 63 pI understand very clearly the difference between functional and imperative emprogramming techniquesem. But theres a widespread tendency to talk of functional languages, and this really confuses me.p  pOf course some languages like Haskell are emmore hospitableem to functional programming than other languages like C. But even the former does IO it just keeps it in a ghetto. And you can write functional programs in C its just absurdly harder. So maybe its just a matter of degree.p  pStill, even as a matter of degree, what does it mean when someone calls Scheme a functional language Most Scheme code I see is imperative. Is it just that Scheme makes it easy to write in a functional style if you want to So too do Lua and Python. Are they functional languages toop  pIm really not trying to be a language cop. If this is just a loose way of talking, thats fine. Im just trying to figure out whether it does have some definite meaning even if its a matterofdegree meaning that Im not seeing.p
Negative 63 pis it possible to determining what object calls a function based on an event listener  for example, i have 2 buttons on stage that call the same function when they are clicked.  id like the function to determine which button was the sender.p  precodefirstButton.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, myFunction secondButton.addEventListenerMouseEvent.CLICK, myFunction  function myFunctioneMouseEventvoid    var myStringString  The button that called this function was   tracemyString   codepre
Negative 63 pI use VSTO Excel template based solutions frequently.  One of the things I like about this project type is that I can use cached data sets in the Excel template or worksheet to handle application state that persists after the user saves the file.  However, cached data sets create a problem the schema of the document is bound to the application version.p  pThis hasnt been a big problem, but Ive realized it would be a good idea to create a mechanism that will read the version of the Excel document when it opens in order to detect and handle version incompatibilities.  For example, if my 2.1 plugin opens a 1.5 document, the schema of the cached data will not match what is expected.p  pIs there a standard or recommended way to version stamp the Excel template or worksheet  If not, does anyone have suggestions on how to do thisp
Negative 63 pwhen i add the widget to the main window, by default the action menu item will be present, how to remove thatp  precodemenuBargtsetVisiblefalse  verAction  new QActiontrampVersion,this menuBargtaddActionverAction connectverAction, SIGNALtriggered,this, SLOTdisplayVersion  displayAction  new QActiontrampDisplay,this menuBargtaddActiondisplayAction    connectdisplayAction, SIGNALtriggered,this, SLOTdisplayMessage  exitAction  new QActiontrampExit,this menuBargtaddActionexitAction connectexitAction, SIGNALtriggered,this, SLOTclose codepre  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have a button that launches the google maps app on my device via an intent. I want to be able to pass it a php page that generates a KML file.p  pI have done this on a website before using the googlemaps api in JS  but it doesnt seem to work on Android.p  pMy php file is as followsp  precodeltphp      echo ltkml xmlnshttpwww.google.comearthkml2gt      echo ltPlacemarkgt      echo ltnamegtGoogle Inc.ltnamegt      echo ltdescriptiongt1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043ltdescriptiongt      echo ltPointgt      echo ltcoordinatesgt122.0841430, 37.4219720, 0ltcoordinatesgt      echo ltPointgt      echo ltPlacemarkgt      echo ltkmlgt gt   codepre  pLaunching withp  precodefinal Intent myIntent  new Intentandroid.content.Intent.ACTIONVIEW, Uri.parsegeo0,0qhttpwebsite.comkmlgen.php startActivitymyIntent codepre  pIt launches maps, finds the file  but wont display it because it contains errors.p  pIs this just not possible, or are there other ways to construct the intent that might workp
Negative 63 pI have been tasked with writing an installer with a silverlight out of browser application. I need to.p  ol liget the version off a local EXEli licheck a web service to see that it is the most recent versionli lidownload a zip if not li liunpack the zipli lioverwrite the old EXEli listart the EXEli ol  pThis installer app is written in .NET WinForms now but the .NET framework is an obstacle for people to download. p  pThe recommended solution is to use a SLOOB however i am not sure how to assign full trust. If i assign full trust can I start a process. p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pId like to recenter a buffer, called codeLensecode, where Ive inserted some text. I wished to make it the current buffer by codesetbuffer Lensecode, then coderecenter 0code.  By the following code segmentsp  precodesaveexcursion setbuffer Lense                 recenter 0 codepre  pHowever, it seems that the above code would only recenter the buffer which is the current buffer, and codesetbuffer Lensecode has no effect to make the current buffer to be codeLensecode. p  pPlease help me to figure out the right way to recenter the named buffer codeLensecode. p  pThanks,p  pYu p
Negative 63 pThis should be so simple... but something screwy is happening.p  pMy setup looks like thisp  precodeMainViewController    Tab Bar Controller       4 tabs, each of which loads WebViewController codepre  pMy AppDelegate contains an ivar, tabBarController, which is connected to the tab bar controller this was all set up in Interface Builder.  The leftmost tab is marked selected in IB.p  pWithin the viewWillAppear method in WebViewController, I need to know which tab was just selected so I can load the correct URL.  I do this by switching on appDelegate.tabBarController.selectedIndex.p  pWhen the app first runs and the leftmost tab is selected, selectedIndex is a large garbage value.  After that, I get values from 0 to 3, which is as it should be, but they are in random order.  Not only that, but each tab I touch reports a different value each time.p  pThis app is emextremelyem simple right now and I cant imagine what I could have done to make things go this wrong.p  pHas anyone seen and hopefully solved this behavior p  pUpdate  we have a request for code.  Theres not much to see.p  pThe tab bar controller gets loaded in applicationDidFinishLaunchingp  precode[self.mainViewController view]  force nib to load [self.window addSubviewself.mainViewController.tabBarController.view] codepre  pThere is currently no code whatsoever in MainViewController.m other than the synthesize and release for tabBarController.p  pFrom WebVewController.mp  precode voidviewWillAppearBOOLanimation      [super viewWillAppearanimation]      NSURL url     switch[SUIDelegate mainViewController].tabBarController.selectedIndex          case 0 url  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.cnn.com]             break         case 1 url  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.facebook.com]             break         case 2 url  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.twitter.com]             break         case 3 url  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.google.com]             break         default url  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpwww.msnbc.com]           NSURLRequest request  [NSURLRequest requestWithURLurl]     [webView loadRequestrequest]  codepre  pThis is where Im seeing the random values. BTW, SUIDelegate is just a macro that returns a pointer to the app delegate.  Im using someone elses app template and hes a huge fan of define to save on typing.p
Negative 63 pI would like to have a button in my window such that if I click it button the window is closed.p  pI found out that I can close a window in the following wayp  precodereferenceToTheFrame.hide hides the frame from view refToTheFrame.dispose disposes the frame from memory codepre  pBut if I do this way, compiler complainsp  precodeNote myProgram.java uses or overrides a deprecated API Note Recompile with Xlintdeprication for details. codepre  pDo I do something unsafep
Negative 63 pIm designing an application which will have a network interface for feeding out large numbers of very small metadata requests.  The application code itself is very fast, basically looking up data cached in memory and sending it to the client.p  pWhats the absolute lowest latency I can get for a network application server running on a linux box  This will be an internal app running on gigE with no authentication.  Any languageframework considered, with a preference for C, C, or Python.  Likewise for protocol, although HTTP would be nice.p
Negative 63 pI am using cURL for the first time. I need to login to a site. I have problem with setting cookie file and to retrive, so that i can acces that page not just one time, but several times. I found the code on the web, for logging in to a site and Scrap a page for some detailed info, cause to get that page it takes to much time. so i just want to know if it is OK the code beloveit is just for login in the code for Scraping its not readyp  precodeltphp  curlloginhttpmywantedsite.comlogin.php,userpass,,off  echo curlgrabpagehttpmywantedsite.comsomepage.php,,off  function curlloginurl,data,proxy,proxystatus     fp  fopencookie.txt, w     fclosefp     login  curlinit     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTCOOKIEJAR, cookie.txt     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTCOOKIEFILE, cookie.txt     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTUSERAGENT, Mozilla4.0 compatible MSIE 5.01 Windows NT 5.0     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTTIMEOUT, 40     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, TRUE     if proxystatus  on          curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTSSLVERIFYHOST, FALSE         curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTHTTPPROXYTUNNEL, TRUE         curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTPROXY, proxy          curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTURL, url     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTHEADER, TRUE     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTUSERAGENT, SERVER[HTTPUSERAGENT]     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTFOLLOWLOCATION, TRUE     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTPOST, TRUE     curlsetoptlogin, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS, data     obstart       prevent any output     return curlexec login  execute the curl command     obendclean   stop preventing output     curlclose login     unsetlogin                         function curlgrabpagesite,proxy,proxystatus     ch  curlinit     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, TRUE     if proxystatus  on          curlsetoptch, CURLOPTSSLVERIFYHOST, FALSE         curlsetoptch, CURLOPTHTTPPROXYTUNNEL, TRUE         curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPROXY, proxy          curlsetoptch, CURLOPTCOOKIEFILE, cookie.txt     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, site     obstart       prevent any output     return curlexec ch  execute the curl command     obendclean   stop preventing output     curlclose ch    gt codepre
Negative 63 pIs there a way to do video streaming using an http url in a bb appp
Negative 63 pProblem is that i cant convert to stringp  precodeDim path As String  ......Tier1 downloadsCourseVB   If countNumberOfFolders gt 0 Then if there is a folder then        make a reference to a directory     Dim di As New IO.DirectoryInfopath     Dim diar1 As IO.DirectoryInfo  di.GetDirectories     Dim dra As IO.DirectoryInfo      list the names of all files in the specified directory     For Each dra In diar1          Dim lessonDirectoryName As Lesson         lessonDirectoryName0.lessonName  dra      Next codepre  pthe the lesson is an object, and lessonName is the property of type string. How do i convert the directoryInfo to stringp
Negative 63 pAll I can find information on for the URLLoader object in Actionsript 3.0 involves loading XML files, which I dont want to do.  Im trying to load in a .txt file that I want to parse, line by line with each line being delimited by a comma.  Anyone know a method of doing this or a place where I can find some information on how to do this  Thanksp
Negative 63 pI need to change the readonly property of a asptextbox from the code behind based on certain conditions.p  pI know how to run a function when the page loads, but I dont know how to reference the form fields to change the readonly property.p  pCan anyone point me in the right directionp  pThanks in advance,p  pAnthonyp
Negative 63 pIs is possible to log when a session times out when a stateserver is used to manage session data p
Negative 63 pI searched through Google and there was little to no information about how to integrate Smarty 2.x into Zend Framework 1.10. p  pCan anyone help me figure out how to do thisp
Negative 63 pI am creating a component that uses a collection and collection items of panels.p  pI cant seem to get the colors to work at runtime, but yet they seem to work just fine at design time.p  pYou can download the component source code herep  pa hrefhttpwww.shaneholmes.netpasfiles relnofollowhttpwww.shaneholmes.netpasfilesap  pThere is a Consoles Tcollection property, status colors property, and a Edit mode propertyp  pEach console TCollectionItem has a status property when changed, the consoles property is changed based on the components StatusColors property.p  pWhen the components EditMode property is set to true, you can move the panels around at runtime.p  pQuestion Why does the colors only work at designtime and not runtime.p  pthanksp
Negative 63 pSimple question  is the C API provided by Perforce threadsafe There is no mention of it in the documentation.p  pBy threadsafe I mean for server requests from the client. Obviously there will be issues if I have multiple threads trying to set client names and such on the same connection.p  pBut given a single connection object, can I have multiple threads fetching changelists, getting status, translating files through a p4 map, etc.p
Negative 63 pFBPermissionDialog is official Facebook iPhone lib. But my code to triggering messagep  precode voiddialogDidCancelFBDialogdialog codepre  pis not working. What can I do for thisp
Negative 63 pI am trying to figure out how to create an optimal solution for my project. I made this simple picture in Photoshop to try to illustrate the problem and how i want it if possible.p  pa hrefhttppafo.netimg1.png relnofollowIllustrative imageap  pIll also try to explain it based on the picture. First off we have a couple of objects to the left, these objects all get encrypted with their own encryption key EKey on the picture and then stored in the database. On the other side we have different users placed into roles one user can be in a lot of roles and the roles are associated with different objects. So one person only has access the to the objects that the role provides. So for instance Role A might have access to Object A and B. Role B have access only to Object C and Role C have access to all objects. Nothing strange in that, right Different roles have different objects that they can access.p  pNow to the problem part. p  pEach user has to login with hisher usernamepassword and then heshe gets access to the objects that hisher roles provide. All the objects are encrypted so she needs to get a decryption key somehow. I dont want to store the encryption key as a text string on the server. It should be, if possible, decrypted using the users password along with the role or similar. That way you have to be a user on the server in order to decrypt an object an to work with it.p  pI was thinking about making a publicprivate key encryption system, but i am kinda stuck on how to give the different users the decryption key to the objects. Since i need to be able to move users to and from roles, add new users, add new roles and createdelete objects.p  pThere will be one administrator that then adds some data to allow the users in that role to get the decryption key to decrypt the object.p  pNothing is static and i am trying to get a picture of how this can be built or if there is a far better solution. p  pThe only criteria arep  pEncrypted objects.p  pDecryption key should not be stored as text.p  pDifferent users have access to different objects.p  pDoes NOT have to have roles.p
Negative 63 pI have a problem with cruisecontrol where an ant scripts executes a bat file that doesnt give me the prompt back. As a result, the project in cruisecontrol keeps on bulding forever until I restart cruisecontrol. How can I resolve thisp  pIts a startup.bat from wowza Streaming Server that Im executingp  precodeecho off  call setenv.bat  if not WMSENVOK  true goto end  set WINDOWNAMEWowza Media Server 2 set EXESERVER if 1newwindow  set EXESERVERstart WINDOWNAME shift   set CLASSPATHWMSAPPHOMEbinwmsbootstrap.jar  rem cacls jmxremote.password P usernameR rem cacls jmxremote.access P usernameR  rem NOTE Here you can configure the JVMs built in JMX interface. rem See the Server Management Console and Monitoring chapter rem of the Users Guide for more information on how to configure the rem remote JMX interface in the [installdir]confServer.xml file.  set JMXOPTIONSDcom.sun.management.jmxremotetrue rem set JMXOPTIONSJMXOPTIONS      Djava.rmi.server.hostname192.168.1.7 rem set JMXOPTIONSJMXOPTIONS      Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port1099 rem set JMXOPTIONSJMXOPTIONS      Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticatefalse rem set JMXOPTIONSJMXOPTIONS      Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.sslfalse rem set JMXOPTIONSJMXOPTIONS      Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.password.file        WMSCONFIGHOMEconfjmxremote.password rem set JMXOPTIONSJMXOPTIONS Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.access.file        WMSCONFIGHOMEconfjmxremote.access  rem log interceptor com.wowza.wms.logging.LogNotify       see Javadocs for ILogNotify  EXESERVER EXECJAVA JAVAOPTS JMXOPTIONS  Dcom.wowza.wms.AppHomeWMSAPPHOME  Dcom.wowza.wms.ConfigURLWMSCONFIGURL  Dcom.wowza.wms.ConfigHomeWMSCONFIGHOME  cp CLASSPATH com.wowza.wms.bootstrap.Bootstrap start  end codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to set a custom drag icon for use in an NSTableView. Everything seems to work but Ive run into a problem due to my inexperience with Quartz.p  precode NSImage dragImageForRowsWithIndexesNSIndexSet dragRows tableColumnsNSArray tableColumns eventNSEvent dragEvent offsetNSPointPointerdragImageOffset   NSImage dragImage  [NSImage imageNamedicon.png]  NSString count  [NSString stringWithFormatd, [dragRows count]]   [dragImage lockFocus]   [dragImage compositeToPointNSZeroPoint fromRectNSZeroRect operationNSCompositeSourceOver fraction0.5]  [count drawAtPointNSZeroPoint withAttributesnil]   [dragImage unlockFocus]  return dragImage  codepre  pEssentially what Im looking to do is render my icon.png file with 50 opacity along with an NSString which shows the number of rows currently being dragged. The issue Im seeing is that my NSString renders with a low opacity, but not my icon.p
Negative 63 pThis is a program that finds the highest common factor of 2 different 3digit number. p  pIf I put 200, 235,312 low numbers it works fine, but if I put 500, 550, 654 i.e. bigger numbers the program crashes after the second 3digit number is entered. Can you help me find out what the problem isp  precode.model small .stack 400h .data  message   db hello. , 0ah, 0dh,  firstdigit db  seconddigit db  thirddigit db  number dw  newnumber db  anumber dw 0d bnumber dw 0d Firstn db 0ah, 0dh, Enter first 3 digit number  , secondn db 0ah, 0dh, Enter second 3 digit number  , messageB db  0ah, 0dh, HCF of two number is  , linebreaker db  0ah, 0dh,  , 0ah, 0dh,    .code  Start  mov ax, data    establish access to the data segment  mov ds, ax      mov number, 0d   mov dx, offset message           print the string yob choi 0648293    mov ah, 9h                          int 21h            num     mov dx, offset Firstn           print the string put 1st 3 digit    mov ah, 9h                          int 21h                         run  JMP FirstFirst    jump to FirstFirst     FirstFirst first digit          mov ah, 1d   bios code for read a keystroke  int 21h    call bios, it is understood that the ascii code will be returned in al  mov firstdigit, al  may as well save a copy  sub al, 30h   Convert code to an actual integer  cbw    CONVERT BYTE TO WORD. This takes whatever number is in al and      extends it to ax, doubling its size from 8 bits to 16 bits       The first digit now occupies all of ax as an integer  mov cx, 100d  This is so we can calculate 1001st digit 102nd digit  3rd digit  mul cx    start to accumulate the 3 digit number in the variable imul cx       it is understood that the other operand is ax        the result will use both dxax       dx will contain only leading zeros  add anumber, ax  save      Second Digit       mov ah, 1d   bios code for read a keystroke  int 21h    call bios, it is understood that the ascii code will be returned in al  mov seconddigit, al may as well save a copy  sub al, 30h   Convert code to an actual integer  cbw     CONVERT BYTE TO WORD. This takes whatever number is in al and       extends it to ax, boubling its size from 8 bits to 16 bits       The first digit now occupies all of ax as an integer  mov cx, 10d   continue to accumulate the 3 digit number in the variable  mul cx    it is understood that the other operand is ax, containing first digit       the result will use both dxax       dx will contain only leading zeros.   add anumber, ax  save    third Digit   mov ah, 1d   samething as above  int 21h      mov thirddigit, al    sub al, 30h     cbw        add anumber, ax    jmp num2   go to checks   Num2  mov dx, offset secondn           print the string put 2nd 3 digits    mov ah, 9h                          int 21h                         run  JMP SecondSecond   SecondSecond  first digit          mov ah, 1d   bios code for read a keystroke  int 21h    call bios, it is understood that the ascii code will be returned in al  mov firstdigit, al  may as well save a copy  sub al, 30h   Convert code to an actual integer  cbw    CONVERT BYTE TO WORD. This takes whatever number is in al and      extends it to ax, doubling its size from 8 bits to 16 bits       The first digit now occupies all of ax as an integer  mov cx, 100d  This is so we can calculate 1001st digit 102nd digit  3rd digit  mul cx    start to accumulate the 3 digit number in the variable imul cx       it is understood that the other operand is ax        the result will use both dxax       dx will contain only leading zeros  add bnumber, ax  save      Second Digit       mov ah, 1d   bios code for read a keystroke  int 21h    call bios, it is understood that the ascii code will be returned in al  mov seconddigit, al may as well save a copy  sub al, 30h   Convert code to an actual integer  cbw     CONVERT BYTE TO WORD. This takes whatever number is in al and       extends it to ax, boubling its size from 8 bits to 16 bits       The first digit now occupies all of ax as an integer  mov cx, 10d   continue to accumulate the 3 digit number in the variable  mul cx    it is understood that the other operand is ax, containing first digit       the result will use both dxax       dx will contain only leading zeros.   add bnumber, ax  save    third Digit   mov ah, 1d   samething as above  int 21h      mov thirddigit, al    sub al, 30h     cbw        add bnumber, ax    jmp compare   go to compare  compare   CMP ax, anumber       comparing numbB and Number  JA comp1              go to comp1 if anumber is bigger  CMP ax, anumber         JB comp2       go to comp2 if anumber is smaller  CMP ax, anumber     JE equal       go to equal if two numbers are the same  JMP compare      go to compare avioding error   comp1   SUB ax, anumber subtract smaller number from bigger number  JMP compare   comp2  SUB anumber, ax subtract smaller number from bigger number  JMP compare   equal  mov ah, 9d   make linkbreak after the 2nd 3 digit number  mov dx, offset linebreaker  int 21h  mov ah, 9d   print HCF of two number is  mov dx, offset messageB  int 21h    mov ax,anumber   copying 2nd number into ax    add al,30h    converting to ascii    mov newnumber,al   copying from low part of register into newnumb     mov ah, 2d   bios code for print a character  mov dl, newnumber  we had saved the ascii code here  int 21h    call to bios   JMP exit       exit   mov ah, 4ch      int 21h    exit the program    End codepre
Negative 63 pI am looking for tool which will generate the basic stored procedure structure CRUD operations for the given table, Is there any tool for the samep
Negative 63 pHow to convert a date string codeMon, 24 May 2010 175400 GMTcode from RSS feed to a timestamp in PHP p
Negative 63 pI am creating a game in C. Now I am not sure on how I will distribute it yet  though I am pretty sure that I wont be asking money for it. And I am looking into a licensing and I wondered if there is a license that is suited for the undecided like me.p  pMy current releases which are really really early versions of the game, with far from full functionality are executable only. However, I am actually thinking that I might release the source on an open source license. For now, I am the only contributor, so that would be no problem as I only need my own permission to move to a less restrictive license. However, when I allow other people to contribute, I would need all their permissions to do so right. So I was wondering if there is a license that lets me distribute the game executable only for now, but will let me switch to a less restrictive license if I want. Basically I need a license in which contributors give permission to switch to a less restrictive license up front.p  pDoes anybody know of license or other construction that would allow me to do sop  pstrongEditstrong There are answers stating how I should just do open source and then perhaps change the open source license later on. Thats actually not an answer to my question. I am looking for a license that would allow keep the distribution rights to me for now, but also allows me to switch to an open source license later on if I want to do so  even if by that time I am no longer the sole contributor. Please stop telling me that I should just do open source.p
Negative 63 pFirst of all, I would like to apologize for posting this again. I am new to this forum. Also, I cannot ad comments on my first post of this question, or send private messages to users who commented, therefore I cant properly communicate with anybody who tries to help. strongWhat is the proper way for me to communicate with people who may comment on or answer this poststrong Again, Im sorry to be repeating this question. With that out of the way, I move on.p  hr  pI am just now experimenting with Javascript, so my knowledge of it is small. I found a website that offers a guestbook tool  a hrefhttpwww.bfnsoftware.comindex.phpeid2013 relnofollowhttpwww.bfnsoftware.comindex.phpeid2013a , and another that offers a star rating tool addratings.com . I would like to know what parts of the scripts to change and what to change them to in order for the result to be a star rating tool under each new guestbook post. By the way, I had to resort to scripts not hosted at my site because of file type restrictions at my web host.p  pThe guestbook code is in two parts. The first is the input form. This is it in its basic formp  precodeltform action  httpwww.bfnsoftware.comcgibinhomeMembersGuestbookGuestbook.cgiSiteID30185ampBook3128 method  POSTgt ltinput type  hidden name  action value  signgt  Guestbook  Name ltinput type  text name  guestName size  30 maxlength  60gt Email Address ltinput type  text name  guestEmail size  30 maxlength  100gt Website ltinput type  text name  guestWebsite size  30 maxlength  150gt Vote ltselect name  guestVote style  width203pxgt ltoption value  0gt 0  Worst ltoption value  1gt 1 ltoption value  2gt 2 ltoption value  3gt 3 ltoption value  4gt 4 ltoption value  5 SELECTEDgt 5  Average ltoption value  6gt 6 ltoption value  7gt 7 ltoption value  8gt 8 ltoption value  9gt 9 ltoption value  10gt 10  Best ltselectgt  Message  lttextarea cols  45 rows  6 name  guestMessagegtlttextareagt ltinput type  submit value  Submitgt ltformgt codepre  pI am not using the guestWebsite, guestEmail or guestVote fields of the form on my site. I was able to choose to let users enter html in the guestMessage textarea.p  pThis is part two of the guestbook code. I put it on the page that I would like the posts to parse on.p  precodeltscript language  JavaScript src  httpwww.bfnsoftware.comcgibinhomeMembersGuestbookGuestbook.cgiSiteID30185ampBook3128ampactionjsgt ltscriptgt ltscript language  JavaScriptgt  document.writeltfont size  3gtltbgt  Title  ltbgtltfontgtltbrgt  document.writelthr align  left color  4F4F4F width  400gtltpgt  for nextE  0 nextE lt FilledEntries nextE    document.writelttable border  0 cellpadding  1 cellspacing  0 width  502 bgcolor  000000gtlttrgtlttd width  502gt   document.writelttable border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 width  500 bgcolor  DFDFDFgt   document.writelttrgtlttd width  10gtlttdgtlttd width  100gt Namelttdgtlttd width  390gt  GuestName[nextE]  lttdgtlttrgt   document.writelttrgtlttd width  10gtlttdgtlttd width  100gt Email lttdgtlttd width  390gt  GuestEmail[nextE]  lttdgtlttrgt   document.writelttrgtlttd width  10gtlttdgtlttd width  100gt Websitelttdgtlttd width  390gtlta href    GuestWebsite[nextE]  gt  GuestWebsite[nextE]  ltagtlttdgtlttrgt   document.writelttrgtlttd width  10gtlttdgtlttd width  100gt Votelttdgtlttd width  390gt  GuestVote[nextE]  lttdgtlttrgt   document.writelttrgtlttd width  10gtlttdgtlttd width  100gt Datelttdgtlttd width  390gt  GuestDate[nextE]  lttdgtlttrgt   document.writelttablegtlttdgtlttrgtlttrgtlttdgt   document.writelttable border  0 cellpadding  0 cellspacing  0 width  500 bgcolor  DFDFDFgt   document.writelttrgtlttd width  10gtlttdgtlttd width  100 valign  topgtMessagelttdgtlttd width  390gt  GuestMessage[nextE]  lttdgtlttrgtlttablegt   document.writelttdgtlttrgtlttablegtltpgt   ltscriptgt ltnoscriptgt lta href  httpwww.bfnsoftware.comcgibinhomeMembersGuestbookGuestbook.cgiSiteID30185ampBook3128ampactionviewgtView Guestbookltagt ltnoscriptgt codepre  pI have modified it like thisp  precodeltscript language  JavaScript src  httpwww.bfnsoftware.comcgibinhomeMembersGuestbookGuestbook.cgiSiteID30185ampBook3128ampactionjsgt ltscriptgt ltscript language  JavaScriptgt       document.writeltbgt  Title  ltbgtltbr gt      for nextE  0 nextE lt FilledEntries nextE           document.writeltdiv classentrygtUsername     GuestName[nextE]  ltbr gt          document.writeSubmission Date     GuestDate[nextE]  ltbr gt          document.writeLine Submission     GuestMessage[nextE]  ltbr gtltbr gt          document.writeltdivgt       ltscriptgt codepre  pNext is the star rating script. Here is what Im usingp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  aRBgColor  aRFgColor  aRurllocation.href    aRtitledocument.title    aRStarType 1  document.writeltdiv idaRstarinfo classaRstarinfogtltdivgt  document.writeltscript typetextJavaScript srchttpaddratings.comaRBootStrap.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt codepre  pThe site explaned that if I wanted to use the code more than once on the same page, I could, but I would have to define a unique value to strong strong part of strongaRurllocation.href  strong like this strong 1strong for each instance of the code, or all the results would be the same for each instance.p  pSo my question again is What parts of the scripts do I need to change and what to change them to in order for the result to be a star rating tool under each new guestbook post, Thanks in advance for any help I may get.p
Negative 63 pIm currently working on a project where we are using Wordpress 3.0 RC. The idea is to create custom post types with meta boxes to make the system easier to use for the client. Some of these posts need to have multiple files attached to them, and by attached I do not mean inserted to post but rather wed like to keep them separate from the post body in fact, a given post type might not even have text, only files.p  pIm wondering if there is a standard approach for allowing multiple files to be attached to a Wordpress post Ive managed to add a meta box that allows one file from the media library to be selected, but I have no idea how to extend this to allow an arbitrary number of files. Hope someone can helpp
Negative 63 pI came accross the following code today and I didnt like it.  Its fairly obvious what its doing but Ill add a little explanation here anywayp  pBasically it reads all the settings for an app from the DB and the iterates through all of them looking for the DB Version and the APP Version then sets some variables to the values in the DB to be used later.p  pI looked at it and thought it was a bit ugly  I dont like switch statements and I hate things that carry on iterating through a list once theyre finished.  So I decided to refactor it.p  pstrongMy question to all of you is how would you refactor it  Or do you think it even needs refactoring at allstrongp  pHeres the codep  precode        using var sqlConnection  new SqlConnectionLfepa.Itrs.Framework.Configuration.ConnectionString                      sqlConnection.Open              var dataTable  new DataTableSettings              var selectCommand  new SqlCommandLfepa.Itrs.Data.Database.Commands.dbo.SettingsSelAll, sqlConnection             var reader  selectCommand.ExecuteReader             while reader.Read                              switch reader[SettingKeyColumnName].ToString.ToUpper                                      case DatabaseVersionKey                         DatabaseVersion  new Versionreader[SettingValueColumneName].ToString                         break                     case ApplicationVersionKey                          ApplicationVersion  new Versionreader[SettingValueColumneName].ToString                         break                     default                         break                                            if DatabaseVersion  null                 throw new ApplicationExceptionColud not load Database Version Setting from the database.             if ApplicationVersion  null                 throw new ApplicationExceptionColud not load Application Version Setting from the database.          codepre
Negative 63 pWhats the most efficient way to create a thumbnail from an arbitrary web image in iPhonep
Negative 63 pI am pretty new at this stuff, so bear with me.p  pI am using ASP.NET MVC.p  pI have created an overlay to cover the page when someone clicks a button corresponding to a certain database entry. Because of this, ALL of my code for this functionality is in a .js file contained within my project.p  pWhat I need to do is pull the info corresponding to my entry from the database itself using an AJAX call, and place that into my textboxes. Then, after the enduser has made the desired changes, I need to update that entrys values to match the input. Ive been surfing the web for a while, and have failed to find an example that fits my needs effectively.p  pHere is my code in my javascript file thus farp  precodefunction editOverlaypicId        pull up an overlay       body.appendltdiv classoverlay gt       var overlayClass  .overlay        overlayClass.appendltdiv classdataModal gt       var data  .dataModal        overlaySetupoverlayClass, data         set up form       data.appendlth1gtEdit Picturelth1gtltbr gtltbr gt        data.appendPicture name ampnbsp       data.appendltinput classpicName gt ltbr gtltbr gtltbr gt        data.appendRelative url ampnbsp       data.appendltinput classpicRelURL gt ltbr gtltbr gtltbr gt        data.appendDescription ampnbsp       data.appendlttextarea classpicDescription gt ltbr gtltbr gtltbr gt        var nameBox  .picName       var urlBox  .picRelURL       var descBox  .picDescription        var pic  null   this is where I need to pull the actual object from the db       var imgList         for var temp in imgList             if temp.Id  picId                pic temp                                     nameBox.attrvalue, pic.Name       urlBox.attrvalue, pic.RelativeURL       descBox.attrvalue, pic.Description           close buttons       data.appendltinput typebutton valueSave Changes classsaveButton gt       data.appendltinput typebutton valueCancel classcancelButton gt         .saveButton.clickfunction                       pic.Name  nameBox.attrvalue             pic.RelativeURL  urlBox.attrvalue           pic.Description  descBox.attrvalue                       make a call to my Save method in my repository            CloseOverlay               .cancelButton.clickfunction            CloseOverlay           codepre  pThe stuff I have commented out is what I need to accomplish andor is not available until prior issues are resolved.p  pAny and all advice is appreciated Remember, I am VERY new to this stuff two weeks, to be exact and will probably need highly explicit instructions.p  pBTW overlaySetup and CloseOverlay are functions I have living someplace else.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have been issued a problem with security. A bank will not allow use of DLLs in the project. What sort of structure would be needed to allow DataAccess strongand orstrong the use of external services like an email client mailchimp, icontct.p  phas anyone else encountered this sort of problem before If they have how should the project be structured .net 3.5.p  pThanks, KJp
Negative 63 pI am about to take the head long plunge into Zope land and am wondering which framework would fit my needs better. I have some experience toying around with django and the primary reason I am switching to a zopebased framework is ZPT and also needing to occasionally do things with Plone. Both seem to be well run projects I am mainly wondering which would have the better learning overlap with Plone Thanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI am modifying a graph implementation to compute the all pairs shortest path matrix using a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiFloydE28093Warshallalgorithm relnofollowFloyds algorithma. The graph has both adjacency linked list and matrix implementations. For now I am using adjacency matrix because it its needed for this algorithm. p  precodeabstract public class GraphMatrixltV,Egt extends AbstractStructureltVgt implements GraphltV,Egt    Number of vertices in graph.   protected int size           allocation size for graph    The edge data.  Every edge appears on one directed   or two undirected locations within graph.   protected Object data[][]      matrix  array of arrays    Translation between vertex labels and vertex structures.   protected MapltV,GraphMatrixVertexltVgtgt dict    labels gt vertices    List of free vertex indices within graph.   protected ListltIntegergt freeList     available indices in matrix     Whether or not graph is directed.   protected boolean directed   graph is directed     Constructor of directedundirected GraphMatrix. Protected constructor.     param size Maximum size of graph.   param dir True if graph is to be directed.   protected GraphMatrixint size, boolean dir      this.size  size  set maximum size     directed  dir    fix direction of edges      the following constructs a size x size matrix     data  new Object[size][size]      label to index translation table     dict  new HashtableltV,GraphMatrixVertexltVgtgtsize      put all indices in the free list     freeList  new SinglyLinkedListltIntegergt     for int row  size1 row gt 0 row         freeList.addnew Integerrow   . . .  public Object[][] AllPairsShortestPath      First, data array needs to be copied to a new array so that it is not corrupted.     Object[][] weightmatrix  data.clone     forint k  0 k lt size k              forint i  0 i lt size i                      forint j  0 j lt size j                              ifweightmatrix  weightmatrix[k][j]ltweightmatrix[i][j]                                    New shorter path is found                                                    return weightmatrix         codepre  pMy question is how can I reference the weightmatrix elements so that they can be compared Here is the edge class that is in the Object matrixp  precodepublic class EdgeltV,Egt     Two element array of vertex labels.   When necessary, first element is source.   protected V here, there     labels of adjacent vertices    Label associated with edge.  May be null.   protected E label      edge label    Whether or not this edge has been visited.   protected boolean visited   this edge visited    Whether or not this edge is directed.   protected boolean directed  this edge directed     Construct a possibly directed edge between two labeled   vertices.  When edge is directed, vtx1 specifies source.   When undirected, order of vertices is unimportant.  Label   on edge is any type, and may be null.   Edge is initially unvisited.     post edge associates vtx1 and vtx2 labeled with label         directed if directed set true     param vtx1 The label of a vertex source if directed.   param vtx2 The label of another vertex destination if directed.   param label The label associated with the edge.   param directed True iff this edge is directed.   public EdgeV vtx1, V vtx2, E label,             boolean directed      here  vtx1     there  vtx2     this.label  label     visited  false     this.directed  directed      Returns the first vertex or source if directed.     post returns first node in edge      return A vertex if directed, the source.   public V here      return here      Returns the second vertex or source if undirected.     post returns second node in edge      return A vertex if directed, the destination.   public V there      return there      Sets the label associated with the edge.  May be null.     post sets label of this edge to label       param label Any object to label edge, or null.   public void setLabelE label      this.label  label      Get label associated with edge.     post returns label associated with this edge      return The label found on the edge.   public E label      return label      Test and set visited flag on vertex.     post visits edge, returns whether previously visited      return True iff edge was visited previously.   public boolean visit      boolean was  visited     visited  true     return was      Check to see if edge has been visited.     post returns true iff edge has been visited      return True iff the edge has been visited.   public boolean isVisited      return visited      Check to see if edge is directed.     post returns true iff edge is directed      return True iff the edge has been visited.   public boolean isDirected      return directed      Clear the visited flag associated with edge.     post resets edges visited flag to initial state   public void reset      visited  false      Returns hashcode associated with edge.     post returns suitable hashcode      return An integer code suitable for hashing.   public int hashCode      if directed return here.hashCodethere.hashCode     else          return here.hashCodethere.hashCode      Test for equality of edges.  Undirected edges are equal if   they connect the same vertices.  Directed edges must have same   direction.     post returns true iff edges connect same vertices      param o The other edge.   return True iff this edge is equal to other edge.   public boolean equalsObject o      Edgelt,gt e  Edgelt,gto     return here.equalse.here ampamp               there.equalse.there              directed ampamp              here.equalse.there ampamp                there.equalse.here      Construct a string representation of edge.     post returns string representation of edge      return String representing edge.   public String toString      StringBuffer s  new StringBuffer     s.appendltEdge     if visited s.append visited     s.append here     if directed s.append gt     else s.append ltgt     s.append theregt     return s.toString   codepre
Negative 63 pI would like to be able to set the CharacterCasing of a specified column to uppercase. p  pI cant find a solution anywhere that will convert characters to uppercase emas they are typedem.p  pMany thanks for any helpp
Negative 63 pI have web service in PHP which gets dateTime object from asp . I want to parse this date in my custom  format . The date originally is in format 20100705T0000000200 . When Im trying thisp  precodeoDate  strtotimedatefromwebservice sDate  dated.m.Y,oDate echo sDate codepre  pIm getting date 07.04.2010 which is one day earlier. Whyp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pWhats the best way to send codefloatcode, codedoublecode, and codeint16code over serial on Arduino  p  pThe codeSerial.printcode only sends values as a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiASCII relnofollowASCIIa encoded. But I want to send the values as bytes. codeSerial.writecode accepts byte and bytearrays, but whats the best way to convert the values to bytes p  pI tried to cast an codeint16code to an codebytecode, without luck. I also used memcpy, but that uses to many CPU cycles. Arduino uses plain CC. Its an a hrefhttpwww.atmel.comdevicesatmega328.aspx relnofollowATmega328a microcontroller.p
Negative 63 pIve been working on code to create a parallel lapply type function that uses Amazons Elastic Map Reduce engine as the grid for processing yes, its a mapper with no reducer. After I get the code stable Ill abstract it as a foreach backend. But first I need to build tests to test the code I have. p  pWhat would be some good test cases for this function p  pMy canonical test case right now is the followingp  precodemyList lt NULL set.seed1 for i in 110   a lt crnorm999, NA   myList[[i]] lt a  outputLocal lt lapplymyList, mean, na.rmT outputEmr   lt emrlapplymyList, mean, myCluster, na.rmT all.equaloutputEmr, outputLocal  codepre  pThis test case makes sure the optional argument codena.rmTcode is passed properly to the remote machines. What are some other test cases that I could be using I dont currently support codesimplifycode or codeUSE.NAMEScode arguments, although I will in the future. p
Negative 63 pI want to know how to use autosizing property in interface builder i.e. how this property can be used in autoadjustment of subview height , width and their position in superview.p  pThanx,p  pRegardsp  ptek3p
Negative 63 pIve got a Perl script running on Xubuntu Lucid Lynx within VirtualBox that wraps around several CC binaries feeding the inputs of one into the others. One of the lines consists of generallyp  precodemy retcodecat input  cbinary my retval  codepre  pFor some input files the code causes a coredump, but both coderetvalcode and coderetcodecode are 0 and  respectively. I can see the errors scrolling by when I run it, but I seem to have no way of capturing this programmatically. strongHow could I do thisstrong The intent is to on error remove some lines from the input and retry the parsing.p  pHere are the errorsp  precode stack smashing detected  codeparser terminated  Backtrace  libtlsi686cmovlibc.so.6fortifyfail0x50[0x798390] libtlsi686cmovlibc.so.60xe233a[0x79833a] codeparser[0x804edd8] [0x2e303039]  Memory map  0043b0000043c000 rxp 00000000 0000 0          [vdso] 0045a00000475000 rxp 00000000 0801 11041      libld2.11.1.so 0047500000476000 rp 0001a000 0801 11041      libld2.11.1.so 0047600000477000 rwp 0001b000 0801 11041      libld2.11.1.so 006b600000809000 rxp 00000000 0801 10897      libtlsi686cmovlibc2.11.1.so 008090000080a000 p 00153000 0801 10897      libtlsi686cmovlibc2.11.1.so 0080a0000080c000 rp 00153000 0801 10897      libtlsi686cmovlibc2.11.1.so 0080c0000080d000 rwp 00155000 0801 10897      libtlsi686cmovlibc2.11.1.so 0080d00000810000 rwp 00000000 0000 0  008ba000008d7000 rxp 00000000 0801 8268       liblibgccs.so.1 008d7000008d8000 rp 0001c000 0801 8268       liblibgccs.so.1 008d8000008d9000 rwp 0001d000 0801 8268       liblibgccs.so.1 00c8900000cad000 rxp 00000000 0801 10901      libtlsi686cmovlibm2.11.1.so 00cad00000cae000 rp 00023000 0801 10901      libtlsi686cmovlibm2.11.1.so 00cae00000caf000 rwp 00024000 0801 10901      libtlsi686cmovlibm2.11.1.so 0804800008055000 rxp 00000000 0801 407893     homeabugorskDocumentscodestepbystepcollinsparsercodeparser 0805500008056000 rp 0000c000 0801 407893     homeabugorskDocumentscodestepbystepcollinsparsercodeparser 0805600008057000 rwp 0000d000 0801 407893     homeabugorskDocumentscodestepbystepcollinsparsercodeparser 080570000c50f000 rwp 00000000 0000 0  0e1680000fa57000 rwp 00000000 0000 0          [heap] b44a3000b77c9000 rwp 00000000 0000 0  b77da000b77dc000 rwp 00000000 0000 0  bff2b000bff40000 rwp 00000000 0000 0          [stack] Aborted codepre  pThe values returned arep  precodeLOG Parser return code 0     LOG Parser return value codepre  pThe actual code snippet in questionp  precodemy command  cd STEPBYSTEPHOMEcollinsparser cat modelsmodelmodelnumevents  codeparser src modelsmodelmodelnumgrammar 10000 1 1 1 1 1gt dest 2gt parselog llog Executing command command my retcode   llog Parser return code retcode my retval  command codepre
Negative 63 pI have the following tablesp  precodeTABLE companies c FIELDS id, name, description  TABLE departments d FIELDS id, name, description  TABLE employees e FIELDS id, companyid, departmentid, name codepre  pIm trying to get a list of all employees for company 1 and also get the department name d.name into the results of the row.p  pHeres my original queryp  precodeSELECT e., c.name as company  FROM employees e, companies c  WHERE e.companyidc.id AND e.companyid1 codepre  pWhat should I add to this query to get the department name d.name to appear in each row of the query Also... e.departmentid may be equal to 0 in some cases since there are no departments for a specific company.p  pThanks for the help everyonep
Negative 63 pI am having some problems with IE and googles Visualization Api. Basically an extra border single pixel white line is been added to the top and the left of the my chart, but only in IE. A full border is also been applied to a any labels in the graph which are truncated cut off off slightly.p  pA screenshot can be seen here a hrefhttpwww.screencast.comusersSecond2foldersJingmedia2de9ad36efce40abb3d0a14e00460b49 relnofollowhttpwww.screencast.comusersSecond2foldersJingmedia2de9ad36efce40abb3d0a14e00460b49ap  pHINT the top and left white lines should not be there, and the border around the label Expe...p  pstrongThe Page Codestrongp  precodelthtmlgt   ltheadgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpwww.google.comjsapigtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt       google.loadvisualization, 1, packages[corechart]       google.setOnLoadCallbackdrawChart       function drawChart          var data  new google.visualization.DataTable         data.addColumnstring, Year         data.addColumnnumber, Sales         data.addColumnnumber, Expenses         data.addRows4         data.setValue0, 0, 2004         data.setValue0, 1, 1000         data.setValue0, 2, 400         data.setValue1, 0, 2005         data.setValue1, 1, 1170         data.setValue1, 2, 460         data.setValue2, 0, 2006         data.setValue2, 1, 660         data.setValue2, 2, 1120         data.setValue3, 0, 2007         data.setValue3, 1, 1030         data.setValue3, 2, 540          var chart  new google.visualization.BarChartdocument.getElementByIdchartdiv         chart.drawdata, width 400, height 240, title Company Performance, backgroundColor CCCCCC,                           vAxis title Year, titleTextStyle color red                                      ltscriptgt     ltstyle typetextcssgt     iframe          border none          ltstylegt   ltheadgt    ltbody stylebackgroundcolor CCCCCCgt     ltdiv idchartdivgtltdivgt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt enter code here codepre  pAny one got any ideas what might be causing these extra white lines p  pCheers in advance for any help anyone can providep
Negative 63 pHow can I make default value for a field to be taken from existing objects of a modelp  pI tried these and it didnt workedp  p1p  precodeclass ModelAmodels.Model     fieldA  models.CharFielddefaultself.getprevious      def getpreviousself         return ModelA.objects.all[0].fieldA codepre  pcodeNameError name self is not definedcodep  p2p  precodeclass ModelAmodels.Model     fieldA  models.CharFielddefaultModelA.getprevious      staticmethod     def getprevious         return ModelA.objects.all[0].fieldA codepre  pcodeNameError name ModelA is not definedcodep  p3p  precodeclass ModelAmodels.Model     fieldA  models.CharFielddefaultgetprevious  def getprevious     return ModelA.objects.all[0].fieldA codepre  pcodeNameError global name getprevious is not definedcodep  p4 p  precodedef getprevious     return ModelA.objects.all[0].fieldA  class ModelAmodels.Model     fieldA  models.CharFielddefaultgetprevious codepre  pcodeNameError global name ModelA is not definedcodep  pI its clear why 3 and 4 wont work. I can imagine why 1 wont work  looks like class properies cant refer to instances i.e. self. I can imagine why 2 wont work  apparently theres no reference to ModelA until interpreter will go trough whole class.p  pSo how should I approach thisp
Negative 63 pIs there any Bing api, yahoo api to find page rank of a keyword or Domain name on its search.p
Negative 63 pI am using NASM to assemble my assembler code. The code I assembled looks like thisp  precode[BITS 32] [ORG 0]   jmp 07c0hstart    testvar db 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42  start   mov byte [testvar], 47    hang     jmp hang    times 510 db 0   dw 0AA55h codepre  pI had problems with another piece of code, I noticed that I couldnt modify memory, so I wrote this piece of code to test if that was actually the case. It was I copied the assembled machine code to the first sector of a floppy, the program ran I used MS VirtualPC. I checked RAM memory assigned to Virtual PC and searched for numbers 4 8 15 16 23 42, so that I could find where the binary code was copied. The first byte of the data was not touched. Why is it sop
Negative 63 pIm looking for a way to easily port content driven applications from one mobile platform to another. Currently HTML5js seems to be the only language that can be easily reused.p  pCan you share your experience Im looking for a way to go forward.p
Negative 63 pRecently, i have come across an error quite frequently with the codeRemoteApiServletcode as well as the coderemoteapicode handler. p  pWhile bulk loading large amounts of data using the Bulk Loader, i start seeing random HTTP 500 errors, with the following details in the log filep  precodeRequest was aborted after waiting too long to attempt to service your request. This may happen sporadically when the App Engine serving cluster is under unexpectedly high or uneven load. If you see this message frequently, please contact the App Engine team. codepre  pCan someone explain what i might be doing wrong This errors prevents the Bulk Loader from uploading any data further, and I am having to start all over again.p  pRelated thread in Google App Engine forums is at a hrefhttpgroups.google.comgroupgoogleappenginepythonbrowsethreadthreadbee08a70d9fd89cd relnofollowhttpgroups.google.comgroupgoogleappenginepythonbrowsethreadthreadbee08a70d9fd89cdap
Negative 63 pIm completely new to app engine and I need to give a certain directory in my application permission 733 How would I do thatp
Negative 63 pCould anyone provide an example how to create a structure instance at runtime The structure Im using doesnt define any constructors, just fields. The GetConstructor method returns null, and so far I was unable to find a way to achieve this.p
Negative 63 pHeres a fictional scenario with some populated data. For tax purposes, my fictional company must retain records of historical data. For this reason, Ive included a version column to the table.p  precodeTABLE EMPLOYEE with personal commentary  ID  VERSION  NAME        Position  PAY    1     1     John Doe    Owner     100  Started company  1     2     John Doe    Owner      80  Pay cut to hire a coder  2     1     Mark May    Coder      20  Hire said coder  2     2     Mark May    Coder      30  Productive coder gets raise  3     1     Jane Field  Admn Asst  15  Need office staff  2     3     Mark May    Coder      35  Productive coder gets raise  1     3     John Doe    Owner     120  Sales  profit for owner  3     2     Jane Field  Admn Asst  20  Raise for office staff  4     1     Cody Munn   Coder      20  Hire another coder  4     2     Cody Munn   Coder      25  Give that coder raise  3     3     Jane Munn   Admn Asst  20  Jane marries Cody lt3  2     4     Mark May    Dev Lead   40  Promote mark to Dev Lead  4     3     Cody Munn   Coder      30  Give Cody a raise  2     5     Mark May    Retired     0  Mark retires  5     1     Joey Trib   Dev Lead   40  Bring outside help for Dev Lead  6     1     Hire Meplz  Coder      10  Hire a cheap coder  3     4     Jane Munn   Retired     0  Jane quits  7     1     Work Fofre  Admn Asst  10  Hire Janes replacement  8     1     Fran Hesky  Coder      10  Hire another coder  9     1     Deby Olav   Coder      25  Hire another coder  4     4     Cody Munn   VP Ops     80  Promote Cody  9     2     Deby Olav   VP Ops     80  Cody fails at VP Ops, promote Deby  4     5     Cody Munn   Retired     0  Cody retires in shame  5     2     Joey Trib   Dev Lead   50  Give Joey a raise  codepre  pNow, if I wanted to do something like Get a list of the current coders I couldnt just do codeSELECT  FROM EMPLOYEE WHERE Position  Codercode because that would return lots of historical data... which is bad.p  pIm looking for good ideas to handle this scenario. I see a few options that jump out at me, but Im sure someones going to say Wow, thats a rookie mistake, glow... try this on for size which is what this place is all about, right p  pstrongIdea number 1strong Keep a version table with the current version like thisp  precodeTABLE EMPLOYEEVERSION  ID VERSION   1    3     2    5     3    4     4    6     5    2     6    1     7    1     8    1     9    2          codepre  pAlthough Im not sure how Id do that with a single query, Im sure it could be done, and I bet I could figure it out with a rather small amount of effort.p  pOf course, I would have to update this table every time I insert into the EMPLOYEE table to increment the version for the given ID or insert into the version table when a new id is made.p  pThe overhead of that seems undesireable.p  pstrongIdea number 2strong Keep an archive table and a main table. Before updating the main table, insert the row Im about to overwrite into archive table, and use the main table as I normally would as if I wasnt concerned about versioning.p  pstrongIdea number 3strong Find a query that adds something along the lines of codeSELECT  FROM EMPLOYEE WHERE Position  Coder and versionMaxVersionForIdEMPLOYEE.IDcode... Not entirely sure how Id do this. This seems the best idea to me, but Im really not sure at this point.p  pstrongIdea number 4strong Make a column for current and add WHERE current  true AND ...p  pIt occurs to me that surely people have done this before, run into these same problems, and have insight on it to share, and so I come to collect that  Ive tried to find examples of the problem on here already, but they seems specialized to a particular scenario.p  pThanksp  pstrongEDIT 1strongp  pFirstly, I appreciate all answers, and youve all said the same thing  codeDATEcode is better than codeVERSION NUMBERcode. One reason I was going with codeVERSION NUMBERcode was to simplify the process of updating in the server to prevent the following scenariop  pPerson A loads employee record 3 in his session, and it has version 4. Person B loads employee record 3 in his session, and it has version 4. Person A makes changes and commits. This works because the most recent version in the database is 4. It is now 5. Person B makes changes and commits. This fails because the most recent version is 5, while his is 4.p  pHow would the codeEFFECTIVE DATEcode pattern address this issuep  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pI think I could do it by doing something like this Person A loads employee record 3 in his session, and its effective date is 112010, 100 pm, with no experation. Person B loads employee record 3 in his session, and its effective date is 112010, 100 pm, with no experation. Person A makes changes and commits. The old copy goes to the archive table basically idea 2 with an experation date of 9222010 100 pm. The updated version of the main table has an effective date of 9222010 100 pm. Person B makes changes and commits. The commit fails because the effective dates in the database and session dont match.p
Negative 63 pWe have an MSI we have authored in WiX 3.5.2030.0 and targeting Windows Installer 4.0 for codeMSIUSEREALADMINDETECTIONcode support.  We have a property that we have defined in the MSI to enforce use of a bootstrapper I say enforce but its really very strongly encourage of coursep  precodeltProperty IdSETUPEXE           Secureyes gt ltCondition MessageYou must run the MSI through the setup program you cannot run it directly.gt   SETUPEXE  1 ltConditiongt codepre  pWhen we run the produced MSI as a new install, everything works.  When we run it as an upgrade, however, the property passed in to the installer seems to be lost at some point.  The log shows the following relevant entriesp  precodeMSI s 2C8C [112741648] Command Line SETUPEXE1 ltother propertiesgt  MSI s 2C8C [112743055] PROPERTY CHANGE Adding SETUPEXE property. Its value is 1.  MSI s 2CCC [112811038] PROPERTY CHANGE Adding NETFRAMEWORK20INSTALLROOTDIR property. Its value is CWINDOWSMicrosoft.NETFrameworkv2.0.50727. Action ended 112811 AppSearch. Return value 1. MSI s 2CCC [112811147] Doing action LaunchConditions Action start 112811 LaunchConditions. MSI s 2CCC [112833662] Product ltproductgt  You must run the MSI through the setup program you cannot run it directly.  Action ended 112833 LaunchConditions. Return value 3. Action ended 112833 INSTALL. Return value 3.  PropertyN SETUPEXE  0  PropertyN SecureCustomProperties  NETFRAMEWORK20INSTALLROOTDIRNETFRAMEWORK35NETFRAMEWORK35SPLEVELNEWERVERSIONDETECTEDOLDERVERSIONBEINGUPGRADEDSETUPEXE  PropertyS SecureCustomProperties  NETFRAMEWORK20INSTALLROOTDIRNETFRAMEWORK35NETFRAMEWORK35SPLEVELNEWERVERSIONDETECTEDOLDERVERSIONBEINGUPGRADEDSETUPEXE  PropertyS SETUPEXE  1 codepre  pI have done some searching on this and looked at the log in codeWiLogUtlcode and have at least figured out that codePropertyNcode indicates a nested property, but I dont know what the nesting is when Im running the MSI directly through codemsiexeccode.  Then, I dont know why the nested property is not set correctly when the client and server values are correct.  How do I resolve thisp
Negative 63 pHow many bytes does memory arbiter protectbrp  pWhile reading Understanding the linux kernel, 3rd edition chapter 2, section2.1, I encounter the following statementbr In multiprocessor systems, all CPUs usually share the same memory this means that RAM chips may be accessed concurrently by independent CPUs. Because read or write operations on a RAM chip must be performed serially, a hardware circuit called a memory arbiter is inserted between the bus and every RAM chip. Its role is to grant access to a CPU if the chip is free and to delay it if the chip is busy servicing a request by another processor.p  pHere i have some questionsbr . how many bytes does a ram chip have Seem that this question is equal to How many bytes does memory arbiter protect  br . as i said, My PC has 1G memory. Does this means that the 1 G memory is comprised of many ram chips. p
Negative 63 pHow do I make code like this thread safep  precodepublic static class Converter      public static string ConvertNameToNicknamestring name              if name.EqualsJohn                      return Johnathon                   return name       codepre  pOr is it already thread safe since name is a local variable I just want to make sure if ConvertNameToNickname was called by two different threads the name it was evaluating wasnt being stepped on by other threads.p  plteditp  pOk some of these answers have been pretty helpful but I still havent ferreted out the answer I was looking for so let me modify it a bit and ask the same question. How would I make this code thread safe given a mutabletype parameter Or is it even possible If I throw a lock around the entire method body shown in the example 2 is it still possible for the instance variable name to be modified before we enter the lock statement blockp  precodepublic static class Converter      public static string ConvertNameToNicknameStringBuilder name              if name.ToString.EqualsJohn                      return Johnathon                   return name       codepre  pExample 2p  precodeprivate static readonly object lockObject  new object  public static class Converter      public static string ConvertNameToNicknameStringBuilder name              locklockObject                      if name.ToString.EqualsJohn                              return Johnathon                           return name                codepre
Negative 63 pI am using javascript to validate user input on my aspx page. I am easily able to validate textboxes and dropdown list for differenet scenarios. p  pNow, on one of my dropdown lists for country, I need to check if it is an allowed country or not for a particular service. I have stored the valid country list in a static property. Is there a way to validate my dropdownlist selected value against that static propertyp  pAny help would be much appreciated.p  pCheers, Abhi.p  precodefunction validateServicesource, args               var country  document.getElementByIdlt ddDestCountry.ClientID gt             var service  document.getElementByIdlt ddService.ClientID gt  Get allowed country list from my static class             var countryList  document.getElementByIdlt StaticProperties.EUCountryList gt              if service.value  P                               I want to do something like this                 if countrylist.Containscountry.value                                       args.IsValid  false                                  else                      args.IsValid  true                                           return          codepre  pUpdateAdditional Information The static property is readonly so it cannot be tampered with from the page.p
Negative 63 pSeveral sites offer hostname to IP conversions, or in their wordingp  blockquote   pQuery a DNS domain nameserver to   lookup and find IP address information   of computers in the internet. Convert   a host or domain name into an IP   address.p blockquote  pHowever, I havent been able to find any free webservices offering this functionality. Ive stumbled upon this a hrefhttpwww.vb.net.cnsNsLookup.asmxopDnsTable relnofollowChinese webservicea but it doesnt seem to do what I want.p  pAnyone know of a free one p  pstrongClarificationstrong of exactly what I want to be able to do I want an free, emexternalem web service on a computer different than mine, somewhere in the internet providing a simple emnslookupem method with a signature such asp  precodeIPAddress[] GetIpAddressstring hostName codepre  pWhere the result is equivalent to what I would get here  a hrefhttpwww.kloth.netservicesnslookup.php relnofollowhttpwww.kloth.netservicesnslookup.phpap
Negative 63 pI have been polishing my Java lately, and I am really starting to dig into the Android SDK. I am looking forward to attending Googles IO conference next year, and I am nervous that I am going to miss the sign up period. Historically, when has the conference registration opened up For those of you who went last year, do you remember when registration opened upp
Negative 63 pI would like to have a unique emsortem function for several associative arrays.p  pThe best candidate among the various PHP sort functions would be codeuksortcode, codeusortcode would be ideal, but it changes the array keys to become the numerical index.p  pFor instance using a simpler arrayp  precode  function sortingbylengthdesc a, b         return strlenGLOBALS[arr][b]  strlenGLOBALS[arr][a]       arr  chandler gt bing, monica gt lewinsky    uksortarr, sortingbylengthdesc codepre  pwill make codearrcode to bep  precode  monica gt lewinsky, chandler gt bing codepre  pwithout affecting the keys.p  pSo how to use the same sort function for emanyem array, codeuksortcode being called at various places in the code For instance for codearr1code, codearr2code, ..., codearrncodebr Is it necessary to use another global var with the array name to be assigned to the array to be sorted before the sort, and used globally in the sort functionbrp  pThere must be something else, cleaner, rightp
Negative 63 pAs many objc developers, I endedup reading and reading again the Apple Memory Management Programming Guide, because thats the best way to understand retainreleaseautorelease mechanisms.p  pIn this page, there is really an example I do not understandp  pa hrefhttpdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosdocumentationCocoaConceptualMemoryMgmtArticlesmmAccessorMethods.htmlapplerefdocuidTP40003539SW1 relnofollowhttpdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosdocumentationCocoaConceptualMemoryMgmtArticlesmmAccessorMethods.htmlapplerefdocuidTP40003539SW1ap  blockquote   pBlockquotep blockquote  pTechnique 1p  pIn technique 1, values returned by the getter are autoreleased within the calling scopep  precode NSString title   return [[title retain] autorelease] codepre  pp  precode void setTitle NSString newTitle   if title  newTitle       [title release]      title  [newTitle retain]  Or copy, depending on your needs.   codepre  pp  pBecause the object returned from the get accessor is autoreleased in the current scope, it remains valid if the property value is changed. This makes the accessor more robust, but at the cost of additional overhead. If you expect your getter method to be called frequently, the added cost of retaining and autoreleasing the object may not be worth the performance cost.p  pTechnique 2p  pLike technique 1, technique 2 also uses an autorelease technique, but this time does so in the setter methodp  precode NSString title   return title codepre  pp  precode void setTitle NSString newTitle   [title autorelease]  title  [newTitle retain]  Or copy, depending on your needs. codepre  pp  pThe performance of technique 2 is significantly better than technique 1 in situations where the getter is called much more often than the setter.p  blockquote   pBlockquotep blockquote  pOk, after several minutes of intense thinking I ended up understanding what Apple says and the reason for having [[title retain] autorelease]. But how can I specify this for a setter if I want to synthetise it  I only know retain or copy as accessor method for the setter. For examplep  precodeproperty retain NSString title codepre  pwill make a retain on title each time I set a new value to title. But how to specify that the getter will do return [[title retain] autorelease] as in example one  Isit synthesized implicitly this way by XCode p  pRegards, Apple92p
Negative 63 pIm trying to make a program to open Acrobat files using Adobe Acrobat Reader and save them in a text file, automatically. What I want my program to do is  p  ul liopen the pdf   li lisend kbdAltkbd  kbdTabkbd to move to the acrobat tab  li lisend kbdAltkbd  kbdFkbd to open file  li lisend kbdDownkbd kbdDownkbd kbdDownkbd kbdDownkbd 4 times to select save as text option  li lisend kbdEnterkbd  to save  li ul  pIm using Windows OS. can someone please help me on how to do thisp  pWell my finel goal is to save the title and author of about 2500 pdf files in a database automatically, what are the better ways you suggested  this was what i came up with.p
Negative 63 pSome of the plugins I wrote recalculate various prices, and I used Math.Round to keep results accurate with the default 2 digit setting in CRM.p  pBut I figured... what if a user decides to set his CRM to use a different precisionp  pSo, I need to access the CRM settings programmatically, so that my functions can work with whatever setting the user chooses.p  pHow would I go about accessing the General and, possibly, other CRM settings from my codep
Negative 63 pIm having a problem with my memory footage, it keeps on increasing even though I have properly released the objects in tight loop. The app will crash with out of memory error after some time... Ive drilled down the problem to thisp  precode Begin SimpleObject  interface SimpleObject  NSObject   public      int iVarA, iVarB      int iVarC    id init  void dealloc  end   implementation SimpleObject   id init  return [super init]    void dealloc        NSLog  SimpleObject dealloc       [super dealloc]    end   End SimpleObject   NSAutoreleasePool looppool  [[NSAutoreleasePool alloc] init] for  int i  0 i lt 1000 i        This lead to the same problem      void pVoid  malloc 10000       free pVoid       End This lead to the same problem   SimpleObject obj  [[SimpleObject alloc] init]  [obj release]  [looppool drain]  whether or not I am using NSAutoreleasePool did not matter at all... codepre  pThe memory might be fragmented, but shouldnt the OS deal with that problem besides, there is nothing in between the allocations...p  pAny thoughts will be highly appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 63 pLets say I havep  precodeString x  ab String y  xypa codepre  pIf I want to see if any subset of x exists in y, what would be the fastest way Looping is time consuming. In the example above a subset of x is a which is found in y.p
Negative 63 pIm diving into ASP.NET MVC and Im coming from a Ruby on Rails background.  Im trying to understand how ASP MVC handles AJAX functionality and, after reading some of the tutorials on the ASP website, it appears they implement AJAX functionality very differently.  One of the ways that RoR handles AJAX functionality is by returning rubyembedded javascript code that is executed as soon as it is received by the browser.  This makes implementing AJAX really simple and quite fun.  Can ASP.NET MVC return a javascript responsep
Negative 63 pIm utilizing WMI on a remote machine using .NETs ManagementObject and similar classes.  Everything works great. But I have a concern about my app opening too many unsecapp connections every time form starts.  Connections are establish and not closed for a long time. What this app approximately does is subscribes to some remote events with ManagementEventWatcher, calls Start on it there are about 1015 items of it.  Then on form close I call Stop on each of them and then Dispose.  Do you need some code or that is sufficient for your commentsp
Negative 63 pFor a polygon defined as a sequence of x,y points, how can I detect whether it is complex or not  A complex polygon has intersections with itself, as shownp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcZkiX.png altexample complex polygon imagep  pIs there a better solution than checking every pair which would have a time complexity of ONsup2supp
Negative 63 pCan anyone suggest some good resources andor books on profiling, importance of profiling, profiling techniquesp  pthanksp
Negative 63 pI have created an app which has a library of images. I have imported the images in to my resources folder in Xcode and am currently loading them in to an array in the appDelegate when the app loads. This is happening each time. I am now worried that as the library grows the app will run out of memory. Is there a better way of loading these p  pthe structure isp  pLibrary  category  image list  imagep  pI have an NSMutableArray called codemainLibrarycode which I then add another nsmutablearray for each category. For examplep  precodeNSMutableArray arrHome  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithObjects  Home,                                [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys [NSString stringWithFormat, resourcePath, alarmclock.png], imagepath, Alarm Clock, title, nil],     [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys [NSString stringWithFormat, resourcePath, bathtub.png], imagepath,Bathtub, title, nil],      nil] [mainLibrary addObject arrHome] codepre  pThe above is for the home category and contains only two images. For other categories, I have the NSDictionary line for each image  there can be up to 100 images in each category. p  pIf I am loading in 50mb of images to an array will this cause the app to become unresponsive  or more than likely, simply crash as it uses more of the 24mb ish allowance per appp  pI am wondering whether I should do the above code and read in to the array ONCE a category has been selected  but that might then cause it to stall for the user. p  pAny thoughts p  pps I also need to have a think about Retina display. With 600 images, duplicating them would mean my binary size would rocket p
Negative 63 pI have a situation with IE and a table that I am inserting from a XML document sent to it by a server, I dont understand why i cant see the table in IE but in the other browsers i can.p  precodeltelement idaddCSS namereplygt  ltdiv idappendCSS maintrue fatherstyledivgt lttable border1 width100 gt     ltcol alignleft gt             ltcol alignleft gt             lttrgt        ltthgtCSSltthgt        ltthgtSeleccionarltthgt     lttrgt lttablegt     ltbutton idupdateCSS fatherappendCSSgtOkltbuttongt  ltdivgtltelementgt codepre  pI extract from the element the div and append it to another area, but I cant see the table. This only happens with a table, everything else is fine.p
Negative 63 pi have used observedfield for arrays of data... but i am having trouble making a simple, one field application of it work. i must be missing a very simple detail. have searched extensively for basic syntax and cannot find anything that applies. when i change the selection, the change is not saved and there is no error msg.p  precodelt formfor team, url gt updateitemleadergrouppath do f gt      lt f.select itemid, selectioncollection gt        ltspan idtriggerspinner stylevisibility hiddengt         ltimg srcimagesspinner.gif altLoading... gt     ltspangt      lt observefield groupitemid,           url gt  controller gt group, action gt updateitem ,           method gt put,           with gt trig  groupitemid.value gt         loading gt triggerspinner.setStylevisibility visible,         complete gt triggerspinner.setStylevisibility hidden gt  lt end gt codepre
Negative 63 pIm developing a library for Windows Phone 7.  We want application developers to link to our library, but we want to be able to update functionality without requiring our clients applications to be updated.  p  pOn other platforms we accomplish this using a Javascript interpreter.  Occasionally we check to see if a new script is available.  If it is we download it and cache it.p  pI know that Windows Phone 7 doesnt allow pushing new code unless its been signed by the Marketplace it would have been nice to be able to just pull a new binary down.  Is there another option for being able to run scripts on the client  Is there a better way to do thisp
Negative 63 pI would like to know if there is a way to run a command prompt program such as Ctempmactimes.pl which the command perl mactimes.pl could be run in the C program.p  pI have looked through process.start class but it only detects .exe format programs. Therefore I need the perl command to startup the perl script.p  pPlease do give advices Thanksp
Negative 63 pI have a Mysql update statement and its running too long  52 secp  precodeupdate tableea ea, tablea a    set ea.matchcreatorS, a.matchstateN    where      ea.sourceida.assetid and      ea.sourcenameS and      ea.matchcreatorS  and       ea.entityid like S codepre  pQuestionp  pa Can we do an explain on this update statement in Mysql as we do for Select statements br b Any suggestions on how to minimize the update time..p
Negative 63 pI have a web application setup apachemodjktomcatconnector for modjk on 8009 port. Recently my app started to hang few times a day and in varlogsmessages there are entries like possible SYN flooding on port 8009. Sending cookies with 3060 seconds. I have to restart each time when the app hangs.p  pIs it DDOS attack  or systemapplication errors can cause this problem p  pAny help would be highly appreciated.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm launching a child process that exposes a WCF endpoint.  How can I signal from the child process to the parent process that the child is fully initialised and that it can now access the endpointp  pId thought about using Semaphores for this purpose but cant quite figure out how to achieve the required signal.p  precode        string pipeUri  net.pipelocalhostNode0         ProcessStartInfo startInfo  new ProcessStartInfoNode.exe, uri  pipeUri         Process p  Process.StartstartInfo         NetNamedPipeBinding binding  new NetNamedPipeBinding         var channelFactory  new ChannelFactoryltINodeControllergtbinding         INodeController controller  channelFactory.CreateChannelnew EndpointAddresspipeUri           need some form of signal here to avoid..         controller.Ping  EndpointNotFoundException codepre
Negative 63 pI have a methodp  precodepublic void MyMethoddecimal val    codepre  pI want to call this method like thisp  pMyMethod4.6p  pand its not happy, presumably, its thinking 4.6 is a double, not a decimal. What is a way to get it to recognize it as a decimal without having to go Convert.ToDecimal4.6p
Negative 63 pI have tested H2 as a server, and now i have it embedded in a Eclipse RCP Java App.p  pEverything works just fine connecting to the Database engine. Embedded local connection jdbch2[file][]p  pNow, strongcan i connect to the H2 HTTP Console using the Embedded serverstrongp  pVirtually, all Eclipse RCP views have browser capability, so the preferred way would be to execute the console inside an RCP view.p  pBasically i need to set the browser url inside the view strongbrowser.setUrlurlstrongp  pBut the H2 console must be called specifically with strongorg.h2.tools.Server.openBrowserurlstrong This opens the the console into an external browser and does not connect to the embedded browser.p  pthanks.p
Negative 63 pIve got three tables, I want to select two columns from the first table and one from the last table to be displayed in a gridview for asp.netp  pSo I have a table Sprint, Task and Blocked.p  pI want to display CurrentStatus from blocked table and to do this I need to use the Task table to join them together. Ive attempted the query below but it doesnt work.p  pCan anyone help me on this please, it would be appreciated. p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pThis sentence provides semantic information on several objects p  pBob has two sons, Bill and Jim, who married Mary and Katy  respectively. Bill and Mary have twin girls, Jill and Amanda. p  pIn a normal semantic wiki eg, semediawiki, you can only give  semantic information for the page youre on. p  pIs there a semantic mediawiki that lets you provide information on  multiple items at once p  pSample syntax might be p  precodeBob has two sons, [BobsonBill] and [BobsonJim], who married  [BillwifeMary] and [JimwifeKaty] respectively. Bill and Mary have  twin girls, [BilldaughterJill] [MarydaughterJill] and  [BilldaughterAmanda] [MarydaughterAmanda]. [JilltwinAmanda]  codepre  pthings like [MarydaughterJill] create a semantic triple, but print  nothing p  pIm of course aware of  a hrefhttpdavidbu.chmannblog20100312mediawikiextensions.html relnofollowhttpdavidbu.chmannblog20100312mediawikiextensions.htmla but  that is a little buggy, builds pages in realtime a little CPU  intensive, and doesnt have any community support no insult to  David, of course. p  pFor efficiency, when you edited the Bob page above, it would update  Bill, Jim, etc. In other words, the wiki could render Bill w the  regular number of MySQL queries, not extra ones for semantic  information. p  pAn alternate approach I considered is creating data pages that  arent associated with any wiki page. Example p  precode[Bobtext has two sons, [BobsonBill] and [BobsonJim], who married  [BillwifeMary] and [JimwifeKaty] respectively. Bill and Mary have  twin girls, [BilldaughterJill] [MarydaughterJill] and  [BilldaughterAmanda] [MarydaughterAmanda]. [JilltwinAmanda]]  codepre  pThe page above would add text to Bobs page, and semantic information  to Bob, Bill, Jim, etc pages. p  pThe nice thing is efficiency you could statically render all wiki pages. p  pI realize theres controversy re whether this would be a good  thing. For now, Im looking to do it technically and worry about the  other stuff later. p
Negative 63 pIm using Jabber to communicate with gTalk server. Right now, Im able to connect properly. Also, I can sendreceive messages. But, Im unable to set my gtalk presence as busy though codejabber.statuscode methodp  precoderequire rubygems require xmpp4rsimple  include Jabber Jabberdebug  true  jid  usergmail.com pass  password  jabber  Simple.newjid, pass jabber.statusdnd, password   jabber.deliveruser2gmail.com,away codepre  pCan you suggest where am I going wrong Thanks.p
Negative 63 pWhat is the running time in a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiBigOnotation relnofollowbigO notationa ofp  precodevector.pushbackitem codepre  pandp  precodevec.eraseitr   itr points in the middle of a vector codepre
Negative 63 pI am returning a Stream from a WCF Service and trying to convert it to a MemoryStream.But in the web application where in consume the WCF service,I am getting the result as of MessageBodyStream where i was expecting System.IO.Stream. How can i convert this to a MemoryStream p
Negative 63 pbr I would like to use direct field access for command objects in Spring MVC 3.br Is there an equivalent of a hrefhttpstatic.springsource.orgspringdocs2.5.xapiorgspringframeworkwebportletmvcBaseCommandController.htmluseDirectFieldAccess2829 relnofollowuseDirectFieldAccessa method for annotated controllersbr I wasnt able to find anything in the documentation.p
Negative 63 pwhen passing extras such as Intent.putExtramyName, myName, whats the convention for the name of the extrap  pie if passing data between two activities, both would putextract data under the id myName, but should I just hardcode myName everywhere, or keep the value in the R.values.stringp
Negative 63 pTo capture video in an Android app, Im using the codeMediaStore.ACTIONVIDEOCAPTUREcode action, with codeEXTRAOUTPUTcode to specify the location of the new video file. But how do I know what the MIME type is Right now I just assume that its videomp4, but is there a way to get the video capture activity to tell me what the type isp
Negative 63 pIn Python 2.7, Im used to collect keyvalue pairs from an array and return it as a hashp  precodereturn  u.id  u.name for u in users  codepre  pBut it turns out it does not work in Python 2.6p  precodereturn  u.id  u.name for u in users                                SyntaxError invalid syntax codepre  pHow can I avoid doing something like thisp  precodevalues    for u in users   values[u.id]  u.name  return values codepre  pIs there any better wayp
Negative 63 pEvery time I try to install silverlight product version   5.5.0031.0, I get an error, errorID1635. It redirects me to the following link after clicking More Information link  a hrefhttpwww.microsoft.comgetsilverlightresourceshelp.aspxerrorID1635 relnofollowhttpwww.microsoft.comgetsilverlightresourceshelp.aspxerrorID1635ap  pAnybody experiencing the same I have fresh installation of windows xpIE8vs2008vs2010. Am I missing any hotfix or so here Any ideap  pAny help would be highly appreciated.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI am sending a notification from one view to another view. My problem is that the notification in the view that I am calling in my cellForRowAtIndexPath method is only getting sent when the tableview is scrolling. How can I stop this and make it send the notification once the images have downloaded Here is my code a hrefhttpsgist.github.com756302 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.com756302ap  pThanks p  pMKDevp
Negative 63 pIm hitting a problem in JSON Im getting back from a Bugzilla server because it sometimes returns text   and sometimes text  blah blah blah. Bugzilla returns the former if no description was given for a bug. Im mystified why it doesnt come back as the much more sensible text   but it does and thats it.p  pIf I have a String named text in the target object for Gson, it objects when it sees the  case because it says thats an object and not a String p  precodeException in thread main com.google.gson.JsonParseException The  JsonDeserializer StringTypeAdapter failed to deserialized json object  given  the type class java.lang.String codepre  pAny suggestions on how I can make Gson parse thisp
Negative 63 pI followed the following stepsp  ul liShutdown Tomcatli liDeployed a war file with a timestamp of 1st Decemberli liStart Tomcat  This created the exploded directory for the deployed war file. li liStop Tomcat li liUpdated the war file with a new one with a timestamp of 3rd Decemberli liRestart Tomcat li ul  pI found that when i restarted Tomcat, the existing files in the folder that was expanded previously were not updated. Shouldnt the update to the war file have updated the relevant jsp, class file p  pI looked at the documentation and found this a hrefhttptomcat.apache.orgtomcat5.5docconfighost.htmlhttptomcat.apache.orgtomcat5.5docconfighost.htmla. The following quote under Automatic Application Deploymentp  blockquote   pIn addition to the automatic   deployment that occurs at startup   time, you can also request that new   XML     configuration files, WAR   files, or subdirectories that are   dropped in to the appBase orbr   CATALINAHOMEconf[enginename][hostname]   in the case of an XML configuration   file directory while     Tomcat is   running will be automatically   deployed, according to the rules   described above. The auto deployer   will also track web applications for   the following changesp      ul   liAn update to the WEBINFweb.xml   file will trigger a reload of the web   applicationli   liAn update to a WAR   which has been expanded will trigger   an undeploy with a removal of the   expanded webapp, followed by a   deploymentli   liAn update to a XML   configuration file will trigger an   undeploy without the removal of any   expanded directory, followed by a   deployment of the associated web   applicationli   ul blockquote  pShouldnt the files have been automatically been updated as a result of point 2 above p  pAutodeploy is set to true in server.xmlp  pp
Negative 63 pI have a button where Ive hooked the onclick to a call to retrieve the users location and then use the location to make another call to retrieve a list of nearby locations. For some reason the geolocation success method is being called twice on the second click of the button.p  pSo I load the page, click the button, allow permission to use my location, and it will make one ajax request to get the nearby locations. This works fine.p  pI click the button again, allow permission to use my location again, it will make one ajax request to get the locations, wait 2 seconds, and then make another request using the same coordinates without me allowing permission. So the success method has to be getting called twice, but Im not sure why.p  precodeFindLocation.clickfunction     myScript.findNearbyLocationsdisplayData, displayError  codepre  pThis click function is not being called twice and Ive commented out all the code in displayData and displayError.p  precodefindNearbyLocations function onSuccess, onFailure    if navigator.geolocation      browserSupportFlag  true     navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPositionfunction position        alertThis is getting called twice except on the initial call.       myScript.findStoresposition.coords.latitude, position.coords.longitude, onSuccess, onFailure     , function         onFailuretrue          codepre  pAnyone see where Ive gone wrongp  pEdit I dont think the markup is the problem. Im only using basic webpages for testing. There is no styling or other elements at the moment.p  precodeltform idform1 runatservergt   ltdivgt           ltMyControlsSearch IDSearch runatserver gt   ltdivgt ltformgt codepre  pand the user control along with all the necessary javascript includesp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt   document.readyfunction       FindLocation.clickfunction         myScript.findNearbyLocationsdisplayData, displayError         ltscriptgt  ltinput typebutton idFindLocation valueFind Location gt ltdiv idresultsgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to check whether a fingerprint existsmatches in a huge collection of fingerprints 100,000 fingerprints. It will take more time to search for matches sequentially. is there any better way to search for match is it possible to organize the fingerprints in a binary tree structure so that the number of comparisons can be reduced if yes how can we do it it would be helpful if the answers are in Java perspective. p  peditp  blockquote   pI have all the fingerprints as .gif images. how can i convert the finger print images into datap blockquote  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI have a model like the followingp  precodepublic class Employee      public Employee              TimeCards  new ListltTimeCardgt          public int Id  get set      public string Name  get set      public DateTime HireDate  get set      public virtual ICollectionltTimeCardgt TimeCards  get set   public class Manager  Employee      public bool HasCompanyCar  get set   public class Developer  Employee      public string MainProgrammingLanguage  get set   codepre  pI am using a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4767596linqtoentitiesdoesnotrecognizethemethod4770630this infrastructurea if it is important.p  pWhat I need is to get all the employees that are not managers. There is only an OfType extension method. What I need is NotOfType. p  precode    var employees  unitOfWork.Employees                    .FindAll                    .NotOfTypeltManagergt or something similar     var cards  unitOfWork.TimeCards.FindAll      var query  from e in employees                 from tc in cards                 where tc.Employee.Id  e.Id ampamp e.Name.StartsWithC                 select tc codepre  pOfftopic is inheritance the right choice for this kind of situations How do you model it I just feel that inheritance leads me down the wrong path.p
Negative 63 pI have an application that uses the Ent Lib 4.1 logging application block. This application runs on XP SP2, Windows Vista, and Windows 7.p  pMost of the time, my logging works fine. It typically targets the Event Log trace listener. Sometimes, and Im not sure what triggers it, a Windows XP machine will simply stop logging. Ive tried adding a flat file trace listener to see if the issue was with the Event Log, but the flat file doesnt work either. Rebooting doesnt fix it either.p  pOn all of the machines where it fails, it had been working previously. It also seems isolated to Windows XP SP2SP3. It doesnt happen on Vista or 7.p  pIdeasp  pstrongUpdatestrong I tried removing all trace listeners except for the flat file, and this worked. So the issue is with the event log trace listener, and apparently whatever is happening is causing the Ent Lib to completely fail to log anything  including errors regarding the logging process.p
Negative 63 pI hope this isnt too much of a stupid question, I have looked on 5 different pages of Google results but havent been able to find anything on this.p  pWhat I need to do is convert a string that contains all Hex characters into ASCII for example p  precodeString fileName    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 codepre  pEvery way I have seen makes it seems like you have to put it into an array first. Is there no way to loop through each two and convert themp
Negative 63 pI have the following hibernate query  p  precode    events  ListltEventgtsession.createQuery             Event where eventName like                  event.getEventName                              and startingDate gt                                event.getStartingDate                               and endingDate lt                                event.getEndingDate                            .list codepre  pBut it returns the error  p  porg.hibernate.QueryException unexpected char  [Event where eventName like test and startingDate    20110119  and endingDate lt  20110131 ]     at org.hibernate.hql.ast.QueryTranslatorImpl.doCompileQueryTranslatorImpl.java227     at org.hibernate.hql.ast.QueryTranslatorImpl.compileQueryTranslatorImpl.java134     at org.hibernate.engine.query.HQLQueryPlan.HQLQueryPlan.java101     at org.hibernate.engine.query.HQLQueryPlan.HQLQueryPlan.java80p  pSeems to be saying it doesnt like a  somewhere p  pIt worked fine until I added the date fields to the where clause.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have a configuration file in YAML format with some paths in my rails applications like thisp  precodeconfig     path1 abc     path2 aidc codepre  ppath1 doesnt helps too much. I need that every time I use config[path2] to somehow replace the id with a value I have. It is possiblep  pHope this was clear enough. Thanksp
Negative 63 pI have an item in which has two states, best described as open and closed, and they look like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comf17lc.png altclosedp  pand p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHvtxC.png altopenp  pAnd what Id like to do is is smooth the transition between one state and the other, effectively by interpolating between the two points in a smooth manner sine to move the footerbuttonblock and then fade in the pie chart. p  pHowever this is apparently beyond me and after wrestling with my inability to do so for an hour Im posting it here D p  pSo my transition block looks as followsp  precodeltstransitionsgt     ltsTransition idTrayTrans fromState toStategt         ltsSequencegt             ltsMove duration400 targetfooter interpolatorSinegt             ltsFade duration300 targetsbodygt            ltsSequencegt            ltsTransitiongt      ltsTransitiongt         ltsRotate duration3000 gt     ltsTransitiongt ltstransitionsgt  codepre  pwhere codebodycode refers to the pie chart and codefootercode refers to the footerbuttonblock.p  pHowever this doesnt work so I dont really know what to do...p  pAdditional information which may be beneficialp  pThe body block is always of fixed height perhaps of use for the Xby variables in some effects.p  pIt needs to work in both directions.p  pOh and the codeSinecode block is defined above in declarations just as codeltsSine idSinegtcode.p  pAdditionally How would I go about setting the pie chart to rotate continually using these transition blocks this would occur without the labels on Or is that the wrong way to go about it as its not a transition as such p  pThe effect Im after is one where the pie chart rotates slowly without labels prior to a selection of a button below, but on selection the rotation stops and labels appear... p  pThanks a lot in advancep  pAnd apologies on greyscale, but I cant really decide on a colour scheme. Any suggestions welcome.p
Negative 63 pI have the following scenariop  ul liI have a list of custom items. Users with Contribute permission level can add and edit items on this list.li liI created a blank webpart page, and added to the page a webpart to view the custom list. The webpart page is stored on a Pages document library.li ul  pThis works fine, except that I dont want contributors to mess with the webpart and modify the shared page. So in order to have Modify shared webpart link dissapear, I broke Inheritance on the Pages document library and set permissions of contributors to Read only.p  pHowever, this does not work as expected and when users access the web part page, the whole webpart is not displayed. p  pI have troubleshooted the problem creating custom permission levels and the permission that is needed to the default Read Only level is the edit items permission on the Pages list. p  pHowever, this permission gives the user of editing the page and changing the webpart.p  pHow can I achieve the correct permission set I need to have the page as read only for most users, but still have them view the webpart and add and edit items on the original custom list.p  pThanks, Manuelp
Negative 63 pI added the below dependencies in my project POM file and the codeSerialAddresscode class is no where to be found from the downloaded codeminacore.2.0.2.jarcode.p  precodeltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.minaltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtminacoreltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.0.2ltversiongt ltdependencygt codepre  pthe package codeorg.apache.mina.transport.serialcode doesnt even exist. Please advice me on the correct Dependency.p
Negative 63 h2Hih2  pThe a hrefhttpcode.google.comintlruappenginedocspythonblobstoreblobinfoclass.html relnofollowofficial GAE documentationa instists on existing such heplful BlobInfo instance properties asp  ul licontenttypeli licreationli lifilenameli lisizeli ul  pI have try to using them in my app, but Im cant imagine how to do it correctly and Im cant find a some practical examples how to utilize this GAE features nowhere. Can you help me by demonstation a scratches of verified python codep  h2Real thanksh2
Negative 63 pHow to drop multiple tables from one single database at one command. something like,p  precodegt use test  gt drop table a,b,c codepre  pwhere a,b,c are the tables from database test.p
Negative 63 pSay I have the followingp  precodestruct Base      virtual void callback       struct Derived  public Base      void callback       Base obj  new Derived staticcastltDerivedgtobjgtcallback codepre  pWill the call to callback invoke via the vtable or a straight function call as its not marked as virtual in the function signaturep
Negative 63 pI need to login, receive and send some messages over XMMP with a servlet loaded on tomcat container.    p  pI would like to know if there is any implementation already of this situation p  pthx for ur time  p
Negative 63 pGoogles new predictive text predicts the search as you type in the box by showing the next characters in light gray font. Does anyone know of any code that does this I am aware of the typical suggest drop down menus but I am looking for example code that does everything in the search box  without auto suggest dropdown menu. p
Negative 63 pIm tired of having to go through a lot of pointless menus on the iPhone just to enable  disable bluetooth and would like to make myself an app that basically just enables  disables the bluetooth on my phone. I have a developer account with Apple, so deployment wouldnt be a problem can do adhoc deploys.p  pIve been searching, but couldnt find any APIs that let me do this. Does anyone know of any Can someone open source the code if theyve built this for personal usep
Negative 63 pHow do I populate a Form from within a method in a class library So in the example below Method1 is whats it about.p  precodeProject UI, Windows Forms Application reference to MyLib public class Form1  Form     ...    call some methods from MyLib.MyClass    ...   Project MyLib, Class Library public class MyClass     ...     public void Method1                    loop through an array and ask user to validate some data on the form during each iteration          codepre  pUPDATE  To be more specific, the MyLib library contains a class that will load a .csv file into an array which for each row will be added to a codeListltstring[]gtcode and than will loop through the codeListltstring[]gtcode looking for possible duplicates. Whenever one is found the user needs to be presented on a Form with both records to ultimately decide if they are the same.p
Negative 63 pDoes anyone have any resources on how to make Silverlight WP7 apps more accessible for the visually impaired p  pI have some apps in SL4 to be ported over WP7 that are intentionally designed to include accessibility components, but it seems even the simplest thing like codeWindows.SystemColorscode dont work in WP7 every system color just shows up as black, regardless of the theme.p  pWould appreciate anything youve got  links, official word from big M, personal experience, a looking glass into the future...p
Negative 63 pI have an exe file written using unmanaged C which contains a COM object. In order to access it from a managed C application, I generated an interop assembly. I was able to use this with great success when both apps were running on the same PC.p  pNow, I have a requirement to make my C app access the COM object on a remote PC and the existing code gave me some problems. I had to make some small changes e.g.p  precodeType ReportItemSetup  Type.GetTypeFromProgIDACME.REPORTITEMSETUP.1, remotePCName RpiSetup  IReportItemSetupActivator.CreateInstanceReportItemSetup codepre  pbecamep  precodeGuid gris  new Guid147FF3D18A0011F09A6C0000C099D00B Type ReportItemSetup  Type.GetTypeFromCLSIDgris, remotePCName, true RpiSetup  IReportItemSetupActivator.CreateInstanceReportItemSetup codepre  pThis enabled me to get a bit further through the code but then I reached another problem.p  pI use p  precodeREPORTITEMSETUPClass rpis  new REPORTITEMSETUPClass codepre  pwhere REPORTITEMSETUPClass is edited for brevityp  precodenamespace Acme.ReportItemServers.Interop      [ClassInterfaceClassInterfaceType.None]     [TypeLibTypeTypeLibTypeFlags.FAppObject  TypeLibTypeFlags.FCanCreate  TypeLibTypeFlags.FPreDeclId]     [ComConversionLoss]     [Guid147FF3D18A0011F09A6C0000C099D00B]     public class REPORTITEMSETUPClass  IReportItemSetup, REPORTITEMSETUP, INotifySrc              public REPORTITEMSETUPClass          ... snip ...         public virtual void INotifySrcAddUserINotify pNotify, string bstrUserName         ... snip ...       codepre  pI need to make a call to AddUser on the INotifySrc interface but the emnewem call gives me the error p  precodeRetrieving the COM class factory for component with CLSID 147FF3D18A0011F09A6C0000C099D00B failed due to the following error  80040154 Class not registered Exception from HRESULT 0x80040154 REGDBECLASSNOTREG. codepre  pThis error is perfectly correct since it is not registered on the local machine.p  pMy question is therefore  is it not possible to use the registration on the remote PC The Activator.CreateInstance had no problems with the class not being registered locally.p
Negative 63 pwriting a Java EE 6 application i need some help using the DatabaseServerLoginModule with md5 hashing.p  pSetupp  pstrongloginconfig.xmlstrongp  precode ltapplicationpolicy name  appgt       ltauthenticationgt       ltloginmodule code  org.jboss.security.auth.spi.DatabaseServerLoginModule flag  requiredgt         ltmoduleoption name  dsJndiNamegtjavaMySQLDSltmoduleoptiongt         ltmoduleoption name  principalsQuerygtSelect password from user where emailcurrentltmoduleoptiongt         ltmoduleoption namerolesQuerygt             SELECT r.name, Roles FROM role r, user2role ur, user u WHERE             u.emailcurrent AND u.iduserur.iduser AND ur.idroler.idrole         ltmoduleoptiongt          ltmoduleoption name hashAlgorithmgtmd5ltmoduleoptiongt         ltmoduleoption namehashEncodinggtbase64ltmoduleoptiongt         ltmoduleoption nameignorePasswordCasegtfalseltmoduleoptiongt         ltmoduleoption namehashStorePasswordgtfalseltmoduleoptiongt         ltmoduleoption namehashUserPasswordgttrueltmoduleoptiongt      ltloginmodulegt      lt loginmodule codeorg.jboss.security.ClientLoginModule flagrequired gt      ltauthenticationgt  ltapplicationpolicygt codepre  pstrongweb.xmlstrongp  precodeltsecurityconstraintgt     ltwebresourcecollectiongt         ltwebresourcenamegtCustomer Contentltwebresourcenamegt         lturlpatterngtcustomerlturlpatterngt     ltwebresourcecollectiongt     ltauthconstraintgt         ltrolenamegtAuthorizedUserltrolenamegt         ltrolenamegtcustomerltrolenamegt     ltauthconstraintgt     ltuserdataconstraintgt         lttransportguaranteegtNONElttransportguaranteegt     ltuserdataconstraintgt ltsecurityconstraintgt ltloginconfiggt     ltauthmethodgtDIGESTltauthmethodgt     ltrealmnamegtThe Restricted Zoneltrealmnamegt     ltformloginconfiggt         ltformloginpagegtlogin.htmlltformloginpagegt         ltformerrorpagegtlogin.htmlltformerrorpagegt     ltformloginconfiggt ltloginconfiggt ltsecurityrolegt     ltdescriptiongtThe role required to access restricted content ltdescriptiongt     ltrolenamegtcustomerltrolenamegt ltsecurityrolegt codepre  pstrongThe login implementationthe important partstrongp  precode login WebAuthentication pwl  new WebAuthentication if pwl.loginaEmail, aPassword      return customerdashboardfacesredirecttrue  else      throw new IncorrectCredentialsException  codepre  pstrongI store the passwords using the following implementationstrongp  precodefinal byte[] md5Hash  DigestUtils.md5newPassword md5NewPassword  Hex.encodeHexStringmd5Hash codepre  pI checked the value that was written into the database with some md5 generators from the internet like a hrefhttpwww.miraclesalad.comwebtoolsmd5.php relnofollowhttpwww.miraclesalad.comwebtoolsmd5.phpap  pThe write all the same.p  pUsing the upon authentication method without md5 hashing at all and with form instead of digest configured works. Any ideap  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pIve been struggling with this method, in what seems fairly straightforward.p  precodeDim objXML, objNode, objDeleted, objRoot Set objXML  CreateObjectMSXML2.DOMDocument.4.0 Set objNode  CreateObjectMSXML2.DOMDocument.4.0 objXML.async  false objXML.LoadCConfig.xml  Set objNode  objXML.documentElement.selectSingleNodeServersServerModulesModuleModuleParameter[ServiceNameOldService] objXML.documentElement.removeChildobjNode  objXML.Save CConfig.xml Set objXML  nothing Set objRoot  nothing Set objDeleted  nothing Set objNode  nothing codepre  pThat gives me an error Invalid procedure call or argument for the linep  precodeobjXML.documentElement.removeChildobjNode codepre  pIf I replace the middle section withp  precodeSet objRoot  objXML.documentElement Set objNode  objXML.documentElement.selectSingleNodeServersServerModulesModuleModuleParameter[ServiceNameOldService] objRoot.removeChildobjNode codepre  pIt says the same thing.  Finally, if I just tryp  precodeSet objNode  objXML.documentElement.selectSingleNodeServersServerModulesModuleModuleParameter[ServiceNameOldService] objNode.parentNode.removeChildobjNode codepre  pIt tells me object required.  Ive searched the web, and all the examples Im seeing use variations on these three pieces of code, and they supposedly work.  What am I missing here  Thanks for any helpp
Negative 63 pThe documentation for rules 2 development seems to me at least a lot more confusing than version 1.  Im trying to get a user contributed module for a new rules action converted over to drupal 7rules 2.  The original post can be found here a hrefhttpdrupal.orgnode675010comment4135238 relnofollowhttpdrupal.orgnode675010comment4135238ap  pHere is the actual action info part since it looks like drupal.org is down right now.p  precodefunction pactionrulesactioninfo  return array   pactionmailnode gt array     label gt tSend node as HTML formated email,     arguments gt array       node gt arraytype gt node, label gt tContent,     ,     eval input gt arrayto, from, subject, message,   ,   module gt Node,  codepre  pp  pMy question is, does this need to be completely rewritten for drupal 7 or can some show a quick conversion of the codep
Negative 63 pI had made an ajax call to google.com and search for my content in every row..using simplehtmldom.php library. there may be a case wen i got my result in first page and displays it. Now the problem is that if i didint found my content on 1,2,3,4....20is the last limit set by me.But my function keeps on fetching data as i had set settimelimit0.But i cant wait longsay 90sec..and if i set to 90..it may be possible that my content is being fetchedbehind code.p  pBUT BUT BUT...if i refresh my page after a long timesay 55sec i atonce or in 4,5sec i got my result. So how can i repost my request with same data..if execution timeset to a specific limit crosses this limit. Hope u undrstand my problem...p  pEditing made[By aakash sahai] suppose if execution is in progress at 55sec and i let it to continue it may result in either error or it keeps on executing say 100sec.. but if at 55sec i pressed refreshed the page..the post is again madeas shown in Firebug Console and i get result in 5sec..means total 60 secwith refresh and 100secwithout refreshp
Negative 63 pIm trying to develop a small application which uses NFC on the Nexus S. Every time when I try to start my app on the phone via Eclipse, it gives me an errorp  precodejava.lang.NoClassDefFoundError android.nfc.tech.IsoDep codepre  pI tried the API Demos which comes with the SDK, but even this app gives me the error when starting the NFC part... All other functionalities are working fine.  Does anyone has some hints for me Im using Android 2.4.p
Negative 63 pI have a WinForm .NET 2.0 framework app that works fine in Vista, Win 7 and XP as long as the notifyicon component is not included. If I drop the component on the Form and recompile, Vista amp Win 7 work fine, XP crashes immediately on launch. I put a logger in the program.cs to log if it ever makes it there and it doesnt. Same problem regardless of whether I compile in VS2008 or VS2010. Had coworker compile the project from her machine and bug is still there in XP only.p  pTake the notifyicon component off the form and everything works again in XP. I tried putting a notifyicon on other .NET 2.0 projects and they work so Im not sure why just this project has issues.p  pOn the XP machine I tried .NET 2.0 SP0 amp .NET 2.0 SP2 with still the same issue. Strange...p
Negative 63 pHI,p  pI create balloon tips all over our application. My problem is that all of the balloon tips stay on the taskbar and needs to be hovered over for them to disappear.p  precode        public static bool SetBalloonTipstring balloonTipTitle, string balloonTipText, ToolTipIcon balloonTipIcon              bool result  false         NotifyIcon notifyIcon          try                      notifyIcon  new NotifyIcon              notifyIcon.Icon  SystemIcons.Information             notifyIcon.BalloonTipTitle  balloonTipTitle             notifyIcon.BalloonTipText  balloonTipText             notifyIcon.BalloonTipIcon  balloonTipIcon              notifyIcon.Visible  true             notifyIcon.ShowBalloonTip30000              result  true                  catch Exception                       throw                   return result      codepre  pMy question is, how do i make the notify icon disappear after it has been shownp
Negative 63 pI read about regions and affinity groups in Amazon EC2  Windows Azure. It seems they are used  first and foremost to assure performance.p  pWhat I am concerned is about security. Can these services switch a region and transfer some of my data in the cloud to another region if they have a performance bottle neck I couldnt find any information about this so far.p  pFor my employer its important that data never crosses regions since our clients demand that all their data stays on european data centers.p
Negative 63 pIve got problem with Unicode characters. When I want to encode surrogates character between codeD800code and codeDFFFcode it encodes as codeFFFDcode. I used codeEncoding.Unicode.GetStringcode method strongit doesnt workstrong and codeDecoder.GetCharscode method strongit doesnt work with every surrogate characterstrong.p  pI use following codesp  pEncoding Codesp  precodestring unicodeCharsauD800uDA65 FileStream streamnew FileStream unicodeencoding.txt,FileMode.Create,FileAccess.Write byte[] bufferEncoding.Unicode.GetBytesunicodeChars  stream.Writebuffer,0,buffer.Length stream.Close codepre  pDecoding Codesp  precodestring decodedUnicodeChars FileStream stream2new FileStream unicodeencoding.txt,FileMode.Open,FileAccess.Read StreamReader readernew StreamReaderstream2,Encoding.Unicode  decodedUnicodeCharsreader.ReadToEnd  foreachchar c in decodedUnicodeChars     Console.Write0 ,Convert.ToInt32c.ToStringX4  codepre  pOutput isp  precode0061 FFFD FFFD codepre
Negative 63 pI was thinking about this problem to myself previously, and came up with the questionp  pTheoretically, isnt it possible that a hash function of say, X random bytes, when hashed, would be considered vulnerable since NULL bytes in any character array would be interpreted as the end of a string in C And therefore as an attacker we may ignore that character and possibly others within our initial string to brute forcep  pSorry if Im not very clear on this.p
Negative 63 pIf you bind a DataGridview winform to a list of objects can you define which object property , a string, should be used for the column titles p  pAt the moment its using the properties names from the objects.p  por is it possible to bind a separate datasource, another object, to the column headers for the purpose of defining these titlesp  pstrongUDATEstrongp  pExamplep  precodepublic string fieldonegetset codepre  pShows up as fieldone as the column header. I would like...p  precodepublic string headeronegetset public string fieldonegetset  row.headeroneFriendly Header Title ........... Listltrowgt rows  new Listltrowgt codepre  pSo that the column header is Friendly Header Title p  por to have a list of headers in a separate object, list of objects or other list based type. p  pexamplep  precodeclass header...  ...  public string headercolumnonegetset ..   ....  class row....  ...  public string fieldgetset ..  codepre  p....... ........p  precodeheader.headercolumnoneNice Friendly Header  Listltrowgt rows  new Listltrowgt codepre  pIs this possiblep
Negative 63 pI have a method that can be called if the person has a specific role and they are associated with a particular group in JIRA.  Since the groups in JIRA are dynamic, I cant have a role per JIRA group.p  precodeDeclareRoles   FileServerRoles.FILEADDER,   FileServerRoles.FILEADDERALL,   FileServerRoles.FILEVIEWER,   FileServerRoles.FILEVIEWERALL public final class FileServerRoles          A user that can add files to the system.       public static final String FILEADDER  fileadder        A user that can add any files to the system.       public static final String FILEADDERALL  fileadderall        A user that can view files in the system.       public static final String FILEVIEWER  fileviewer        A user that can view all files in the system.       public static final String FILEVIEWERALL  fileviewerall  codepre  pI am declaring all of the roles using codeDeclareRolescode.p  precodeDecorator public class FileServerServiceProjectAuthorizationDecorator implements FileServerService     private static Logger LOGGER  LoggerFactory.getLoggerFileServerServiceProjectAuthorizationDecorator.class   Inject   Delegate   Any   FileServerService delagate   Inject   CurrentUser   SetltJiraProjectReferencegt currentUserProjectReferences   Resource   SessionContext sessionContext    void verifyProjectKeyfinal String projectKey      for final JiraProjectReference projectReference  currentUserProjectReferences        if projectReference.getKey.equalsIgnoreCaseprojectKey          return                 throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionuser not in the project       RolesAllowedFileServerRoles.FILEADDER, FileServerRoles.FILEADDERALL   Override   public FileAddStatus addFileToRepositoryfinal String projectKey, final String issueKey, final String fileName, final String mimeType, final File file      if sessionContext.isCallerInRoleFileServerRoles.FILEADDERALL        verifyProjectKeyprojectKey          return delagate.addFileToRepositoryprojectKey, issueKey, fileName, mimeType, file       RolesAllowedFileServerRoles.FILEVIEWER, FileServerRoles.FILEVIEWERALL   Override   public FileDescriptor retrieveFileFromRepositoryfinal String projectKey, final String issueKey, final UUID uuid, final String fileName      if sessionContext.isCallerInRoleFileServerRoles.FILEVIEWERALL        verifyProjectKeyprojectKey           return delagate.retrieveFileFromRepositoryprojectKey, issueKey, uuid, fileName     codepre  pcodesessionContext.isCallerInRoleFileServerRoles.FILEVIEWERALLcode always throws codeIllegalStateExceptioncodep  precodeCaused by java.lang.IllegalStateException No mapping available for role reference fileviewerall         at com.sun.ejb.containers.EJBContextImpl.isCallerInRoleEJBContextImpl.java458         at edu.wvu.esd.swordfish.web.service.FileServerServiceProjectAuthorizationDecorator.retrieveFileFromRepositoryFileServerServiceProjectAuthorizationDecorator.java59         ... 89 more codepre  pI have had no problem with any of the roles when that are referenced in codeRolesAllowedcode.  I have also tried moving the roles declaration into web.xml.  There arent many references to the error on google.  p  pHas anyone seen this  What was your solutionp
Negative 63 pAny one have any function for stripping onclick,onfocus attribute from anchor tags i basically want to remove instances of javascript from anchor tags in a php stringp
Negative 63 pI want Drupal comments to work like every other blogs comments. Who are writing their homepage URL can write www.example.com, or httpwww.example.com, and they both work. Right now, Drupal throws an error if the URL doesnt contain http.p
Negative 63 pThe below mentioned C code that i had tried but at the time of taking the snapshot, the picture also contain the part of opened file menu. I need some help to capture the screen after the click event and before the save button is clicked but it should not contain the part of opened file menup  precodeprivate void saveImageToolStripMenuItemClickobject sender, EventArgs e       String filename                  Bitmap screen  new Bitmapnetworkdrawingpanel.Width, networkdrawingpanel.Height  50     using Graphics g  Graphics.FromImagescreen              g.CopyFromScreen0, 80, 0, 0, screen.Size                SaveFileDialog     SaveFileDialog dlg  new SaveFileDialog     dlg.InitialDirectory  Cimages     dlg.DefaultExt  .jpg     dlg.Filter  JPEG Images .jpg.jpgAll files ..     dlg.Title  Save an Image file      if dlg.ShowDialog  DialogResult.OK              filename  dlg.FileName                     try                      screen.Savefilename, System.Drawing.Imaging.ImageFormat.Jpeg                  catch Exception c                      Console.WriteLinec.ToString                   codepre  pthis is the snap shot i got.p
Negative 63 pI am involved in making an onlineprogrammingjudge supporting CC like SPOJ,UVA etc on Linux machineUbuntu. The code itself is in C . I have to prevent the server from malicious code.br I plan to implement security in 2 steps.br 1. By jailing sandboxing the executing code with chroot system call in a folder with restricted environment. I came across a utility a hrefhttpolivier.sessink.nljailkitJailkita, but i think the system call alone will suffice my work as i dont have to jail the users, only the executing code. For creating a run time environment in folder i copied the following files along with files for creating a restricted shell only shell builtin are allowedp  pcode ldd .a.outbr linuxgate.so.1 gt  0x00f4c000 libstdc.so.6 gt usrliblibstdc.so.6 0x007a5000br libm.so.6 gt libtlsi686cmovlibm.so.6 0x00b80000br libgccs.so.1 gt liblibgccs.so.1 0x00e0c000br libc.so.6 gt libtlsi686cmovlibc.so.6 0x00110000br libldlinux.so.2 0x00f7c000code  p  pwhere a.out is an executable c file.p  pstrongProblems encounteredstrongbr iI have tried few programs which are running fine in jail. But can anybody confirm that these file will be sufficient for all algorithmintensive codes i.e no need to handle any system call explicitly.br ii It will be great if anybody can suggest any method to restrict some system calls by restricting runtime libraries supplied to jail folder as fork,socket etc which are not expected by a code.br iii Just for sake of knowing, i have also copied the file shown by codeldd usrbingcccode and usrbingcc. But i am unable to use gcc in jail with errorbr codebash4.1 usrbingcc try.c  gcc error trying to exec cc1 execvp No such file or directorycodebr How can i fix itp  p2.By tracing the system calls with the help of a hrefhttpwww.linuxjournal.comarticle6100ptracea and KILLing the running code if it uses some suspicious system calls. Now problem is of what system calls should be banned  What i feel is restricting strongfork, vfork, and execvestrong will do the work because there is a time limit hardly  10 sec for each program to execute. After that it will be automatically killed and there is no other way to create another process except fork, vfork. But since my thoughts are bounded by my imagination, it will be great if anybody got other opinions to bend the things here.p  hr  pSo basically i am worried about i and ii point in problems encountered and if somebody can think of a way to hack after restrictions pointed in 2nd point.p
Negative 63 pare there any styleguides, codingstandards or bestpractises for documenting XAML code Perhaps even with some support for automatic documentation generationp  pHow do you document your XAML filesp
Negative 63 pWhat is the purpose of GWT.create in terms of RPC services I understand that it allows for deferred binding, but havent managed to clearly understand how that applies to RPC services within my GWT application.p
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatesstrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1243066doesandroidsupportnearrealtimepushnotificationDoes Android support near real time push notificationabr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1378671pushnotificationsinandroidplatformPush Notifications in Android Platformap blockquote    phi , am new to android and i want to implement an application of push notification for android. but i dont want to use third party service like MQTH, google cloud service.  plz any body help mep
Negative 63 precodegdb info registers ebp  Invalid register ebp codepre  pIsnt codeebpcode register available in all platformsp
Negative 63 pMy CI application has a simple model method that does a SELECT all from a particular table.p  pOn my development server, where the table contains about 12,000 records, the call to the model method works fine. On my production server, where the table contains about 67,000 records currently, the call to the model method fails. It just stops execution. Error log doesnt show anything.p
Negative 63 pIm reading large FITS images using the CFITSIO library for C. At first, the actual imagepixels are not read in. Only when some sort of operation needs to be done say, an average of a few images is the image loaded into memory as a double array. I represent each image as an object of type ImageListing a custom class. This class knows how to readwrite fits files.p  pTo represent a series of images, I use an NSMutableArray inside another class, called ImageStacker. ImageStacker implements methods which can average, subtract, sum the images. Obviously, to do these operations this class needs access to the raw pixels, which it gets by sending the message codereturnPixelsFromNSIntegerRowcode.p  pMy question is, should Ip  p1 Read in the pixels in the above mentioned method, but read them into a C array of type double thats passed by reference.p  pORp  p2 Should I read in the pixels into a local C array, but then compose a NSData object using codedataWithByteslengthcode and return this object from the method.p  pWhat advantage does option 2 have over 1 Keep in mind, that when averagingadding the pixels I will have to use a C array anyway, so isnt it better to keep using purely C arrays for this purposep
Negative 63 precodeltRowgt ltrowgt1ltrowgt ltprioritygtLowltprioritygt ltmessagegt ltTEXTFORMAT LEADING2gtltP ALIGNLEFTgtltFONT FACEArial SIZE12 COLOR000000 LETTERSPACING0 KERNING1gtHIIIltFONTgtltPgtltTEXTFORMATgt ltmessagegt ltsubjectgtltsubjectgt ltstatusgtltBgtltfont colorFF0000gtMark Read ltfontgtltBgtltstatusgt ltflagstatusgt1ltflagstatusgt ltmessageidgt78ltmessageidgt ltRowgt codepre  pMessage for Marry datap  precodeltmessagegt ltTEXTFORMAT LEADING2gtltP ALIGNLEFTgtltFONT FACEArial SIZE12 COLOR000000 LETTERSPACING0 KERNING1gtMarryltFONTgtltPgtltTEXTFORMATgt ltmessagegt codepre  pHow to parse this kind of xml format and fetch Marry data in the above example.p  pAny reply is appreciated.  Thanks.p
Negative 63 pIm just wondering if it is semantically correct to use traits to build game objects. On one hand, I view this as a emhas aem relationship an object has components, but on the other hand I view components as composing an object.p  pFor example. You have a GameObject. A GameObject does pretty much nothing on its own, but the things you mix into it give it additional properties. Components could be HealthComponent has health, PhysicsComponent simulates physics, ClickableComponent can be clicked.p  pI like the idea of using traits because all of the properties and methods are added on the original object and I can do codeplayer.getHPcode instead of codeplayer.getHealthComponent.getHPcode. On the other hand, I find the naming and semantics of using traits weird. codetrait HealthComponent extends GameObjectcode  this doesnt make sense. A codeHealthComponentcode belongs to a GameObject, it doesnt fulfill the emis aem relationship thats implied by codeextendcode. Am I correct in assuming that traits are normally treated as specialized versions of their parent class If so, how would I name something like the above objectp
Negative 63 pI have a file upload issue.p  pI have done 777 via ftp and file managerp  pdrwxrwxrwx 2 user user 4096 Apr 10 0856 gallery drwxrwxrwx 2 user user 4096 Apr 10 1030 salesp  pI have echoed the codefileinfocode and the location shows as correct but the file is not uploadingp  precodeSet File Settings  config[uploadpath]  includesuploadsgallery  config[allowedtypes]  jpgpng  config[maxsize]  100  config[maxwidth]  1024  config[maxheight]  768   thisgtloadgtlibraryupload, config  thisgtuploadgtdoupload fileinfo  thisgtuploadgtdata  data  array        description gt thisgtinputgtpostdescription, TRUE,      path gt fileinfo[filename]         thisgtimagemodelgtaddImagedata  codepre
Negative 63 pId like to create a grid of these divsp  precode.categoryresult      width178px     marginleft10px     marginright10px     height180px     fontsize13px     displayinlineblock  codepre  pbut when I insert the following lines into them, they are no longer aligned horizontallyp  precode lt nonemptycategorycompanies[index].each do cmpgt   ltdiv classcategorycompanynamegt   lt linkto company.companyname, controllergtcompanies, actiongtshow, companyname gtcmp.companyname gt   ltdivgt lt end gt codepre  pany idea why thank you.p  pbtwp  precode.categorycompanyname      paddingtop7px     paddingleft2px     displayinlineblock  codepre  p edit i am inserting the generated htmlp
Negative 63 pI have a situation where I have to create tables dynamically. Depending on some criteria I am going to vary the size of the columns of a particular table. br For that purpose I need to calculate the size of one row.p  pe.g. If I am going to create a following tablep  pCREATE TABLE sampleid int, name varchar30p  pso that formula would give me the size of a single row for the table above considering all overheads for storing a row in a mysql table.p  pstrongIs possible to do so and Is it feasible to do sostrongp
Negative 63 pI am trying to create a frequency array of a given array on Fortran 95. For instance if I have an array 1 2 4 2 4 2 5, the frequency array should be the number of times each item appears 1 3 2 3 2 3 1. So because there are only 1 of 5s in the original array, the last entry in the new array is 1 and because there are 3 of 2s in the original array, the corresponding entries on the new array is a 2. p  pBelow is a sample of the code I have, but I keep getting errors. I was wondering if anyone would be willing to give me some guidance and help on what I could be doing wrong. It would be very much appreciated.p  pI havent included the part of the code that generates my original array because Im pretty sure it is correct so here is just the subroutine for the frequency array. Also the original array was sorted in ascending order outside this subroutine. Perhaps I didnt pass the original array, numi correctlyp  precodeINTEGER, DIMENSION100num100     INTEGER, DIMENSION100freq100     INTEGER i0, k0, numinteger, count0  CALL FreqArraynum, numinteger,freq   SUBROUTINE FreqArraynum, numinteger, freq  INTEGER, INTENTIN num100, numinteger INTEGER, INTENTOUT freq100  DO i1,9     count0     DO k1, numinteger         IF numkiTHEN             countcount1         END IF     END DO     freqicount END DO  PRINT, Frequency of Digits PRINT,   WRITE,1X,A,T35,A,Digit,Frequency WRITE,1X,I1,T35,I1,numi,freqi   END SUBROUTINE codepre  pThanks so much for your time.p
Negative 63 pI am writing a program to do backups and it will have syncing capabilities. It will be similar to Microsofts SyncToy but it will have much more flexibility and group backup options etc.p  pI am using VB.Net 2010 to write the program. The problem I need help with is the efficient comparing of a source file to the destination file when the only difference between a file is the name. Working on the Contribute method of syncing a folderp  pIn other words if I have a backup folder with a bunch of backed up files and folders from a master source folder and I change the name of one of the files in the master folder, but do nothing else to it, how can I tell that the renamed file is the same as the original named file in the destination folder. In this scenario I would want to rename the destination file to the new name it was given in the master folder instead of just copying the renamed file to the back up folder and ending up with duplicate files of different names needlessly.p  pThanks for the help,p  pRalph Malphp
Negative 63 pI want to know esque I can do when I click FinishIBActiontextFieldDoneEditingid sender  on the keyboard, I view a tableView p
Negative 63 pIn my application, Im retrieving content from the database very often. So Im likely to access data from database when it is required. For example, even within an activity Ill open and close the database 3 to 4 times. Is this enough to cause performance to sufferp
Negative 63 pIve been messing with VS 2010 debugging settings, trying to get stepping into the .NET Framework working. Well, I cant get it to work. Ive also tried the Reflector VS plugin and that was working at one point.p  pThen I randomly started getting this errorp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLocOU.png altenter image description herep  pThis strongonlystrong happens when I have a breakpoint on a line that calls codeIEnumerableltTgt.ToListcode. If I try to stepover or stepinto on that line where my breakpoint is set, I get this error dialog and my debugging session ends.p  pIf I move the breakpoint to the line below, the debugger makes it past the codeToListcode callp  pIve tried the following to no availp  ul liRemoving the Reflector plugin.li liUndoing my changes in the Tools  Options  Debugging window unchecked the option to step into the .NET Framework unchecked the source server option checked the just my code option.li liUnchecked Microsoft Source Server in the Tools  Options  Debugging  Symbols window.li liCleared the symbol cache.li ul  pWhat is going onp
Negative 63 pFor my strong.NETCstrong project, I need to use a strongJSONstrong library but I should be dependent on a specific implementation. I know that there are plenty of strongJSONstrong emcem libraries out there like a hrefhttpjson.codeplex.com relnofollowJson.NETa, a hrefhttpfastjson.codeplex.com relnofollowFastJsona, Simple strongJsonstrong a hrefhttpsimplejson.codeplex.com relnofollowsimplejson.codeplex.coma, etc. Now how should I abstract away different implementations so that I will be able to switch libraries in a future time. I have no control on other libraries but I have full control on my project. Looking for your opinions.p
Negative 63 pI am using jqGrid and PHP.p  pI have two combo Boxes in my jqGrid. I want to change the second combo Box Value when I select a value from the first one while I am adding a new row or Editing a previous one using Form in my jqGrid.p  pIs it possible in jqGrid. Please help me with a working example.p
Negative 63 pI am new to iPhone technology. I want to post an image with data to a web server. To do so, I am trying to store the image in a local DB. After doing so, in order to send the data to the server, I am changing the image into NSData amp now I want to send this image.p  pCan we send only NSData object to the server for getting the image on the serverp  pOr do we need to change NSData into base64stringp
Negative 63 pWhen I print the group strongprintastrong the entire group is shown. When I save it to a text file strongopensirs1.txt, w.writeastrong only the last row is saved to the file.p  precodeimport re  def main f  opensirs.txt for lines in f     match  re.searchAABBCCDD......, lines     if match         a  match.group         printa         opensirs1.txt, w.writea codepre  pHow do I save the entire group to the text file.p
Negative 63 pCan anyone tell me how I can create a PDF with a text annotation on it so that the annotation can be visible while opening the PDF with the PDF reader in the Desktop p  pCurrently I am able to create a PDF, but I am not able to set the Page level dictionary for the key Annots. This is the Sample code that I did to create the meta information about the page. Can Anyone tell me where I went wrong and any other approach that I should follow.p  precodeCFMutableDictionaryRef  metaDataDictionary  CFDictionaryCreateMutableNULL, 0, ampkCFTypeDictionaryKeyCallBacks,ampkCFTypeDictionaryValueCallBacks    CFDictionarySetValuemetaDataDictionary, CFSTRSubtype, CFSTRText CFDictionarySetValuemetaDataDictionary, CFSTRContents, CFSTRThis is a sample CFDictionarySetValuemetaDataDictionary, CFSTRSubj, CFSTRSubject CFDictionarySetValuemetaDataDictionary, CFSTRM, CFSTRDate CFDictionarySetValuemetaDataDictionary, CFSTRNM, CFSTRName of Annotation CFMutableArrayRef array  CFArrayCreateMutablekCFAllocatorDefault,0, ampkCFTypeArrayCallBacks CFArrayInsertValueAtIndexarray, 0, metaDataDictionary CFDictionarySetValuepageDictionary,CFSTRAnnots, array codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pRecently my team have been tasked to create a Silverlight Moonlight Application, to work on Linux Environments. Our project will try to work both on Windows and Linux.p  pAccording to my recent researches ive done tests too, Moonlight is not compatible with Silverlight 4 yet. Even though this is a bad news for us, since our project was build on Silverlight 4, its still manageable.p  pSo, this week ive been trying to do some basics server connections with Moonlight and none of it was sucessful. Even with small tests it didnt work. Ive built a Silverlight 3 application and tried to push some data through a SilverlightEnabled Service. It didnt work.Navigation projects wont work either.p  pEverytime i try to get my data on a Linux host i get an object reference not set to an instance of a object, which is weird because on Windows Hosts it works fine.p  pSo, i dont know how to pass data through web services WCF services on a Linux Client. Can you help mep
Negative 63 pI have 2 workbooks that contain the same macro. In one workbook the macro runs super fast, less than a second. In the other it takes almost 30 seconds to run. Im using Excel 2003. The page breaks are off in both workbooks. I dont know what could be causing one to run slower than the other. Any ideasp  precodeSub viewFirst Dim dataSheet As Worksheet, inputSheet As Worksheet, projectID As Long Dim projectRow As Long, lLastRec As Long, inputLastRow As Long, dataLastRow As Long, x As Long, sh As Shape WorksheetsInput.Select ActiveSheet.Protect , UserInterfaceOnlyTrue Rangea1.Select ActiveSheet.Pictures.Insert working.jpg Application.ScreenUpdating  False Application.Calculation  xlCalculationManual Application.EnableEvents  False Set inputSheet  WorksheetsInput Set dataSheet  WorksheetsDatabase With inputSheet     inputLastRow  .Cells.Rows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Offset1, 0.Row  1 End With With dataSheet     dataLastRow  .Cells.Rows.Count, A.EndxlUp.Offset1, 0.Row  1     lLastRec  dataLastRow  1 End With With inputSheet     .RangecurrentProject.Value  1     projectID  .RangecurrentProject.Value     projectRow  projectID  1     For x  1 To inputLastRow         If Rangeb amp x.HasFormula Then             x  x  1         End If         If x gt inputLastRow Then             Exit For         End If         If Not Rangeb amp x.HasFormula Then             .Rangeb amp x.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  x         End If     Next x     .Ranged125.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  149     .Ranged128.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  150     .Ranged131.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  151     .Ranged134.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  152     .Ranged137.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  153     .Ranged140.Value  dataSheet.CellsprojectRow, 2  154 End With With ActiveSheet     For Each sh In .Shapes         If sh.Type  msoPicture Then             ActiveSheet.Unprotect              sh.Delete             ActiveSheet.Protect , UserInterfaceOnlyTrue         End If     Next sh End With Rangeb5.Select Application.EnableEvents  True Application.Calculation  xlCalculationAutomatic Application.ScreenUpdating  True End Sub codepre  pEDITp  posknows, thanks for the response. Just to clarify, the workbooks are never open at the same time, and again the workbooks are identical except for the data on the dataSheet  the dataSheet where the macro runs slowly has 35 Rows x 204 Columns, the dataSheet that runs quickly has 56 Rows X 156 Columns. I am going to search for hidden columns or nonblank cells on the input sheet.p
Negative 63 pI have the following codep  precodeltimg draggabletrue idcompany ondragstartdragmethis, event srccompany.jpg gt   ltcanvas idcanvas ondropdropherethis, event ondragoverreturn false ondragenterreturn false width800 height750gt   ltcanvasgt codepre  pHow do I drop the img element onto the canvas and make it appearp
Negative 63 precodeSELECT        dbo.piemployee.empfirstname, dbo.piemployee.emplastname,     dbo.piemployee.empno, dbo.piemployee.empcnic,     dbo.piemployee.empcurrentadd, dbo.piemployee.empcellph,     dbo.piemployee.empbirthday, pijobtitle1.jobtitlename,     dbo.piemployee.empjoindate, dbo.pieducation.edudegree,     dbo.pieducation.eduyear, dbo.piemployee.emppension,     dbo.piemployee.empage, dbo.piemployee.empservice,     dbo.piemployee.empterminate, dbo.piemployee.emptermdate,     dbo.piemployee.empbasicofpay, dbo.piemployee.empterminationreason,     dbo.piemployee.empterminationdate, dbo.piemployee.empstatus,     dbo.piemployee.empgender, dbo.piemployee.empmaritalstatus,     dbo.piemployee.emppaymethod, dbo.piemployee.empleaveentitle,     dbo.piemployee.empconfirmation, dbo.piemployee.emptitle,     dbo.piemployee.empbasicamount, dbo.pisalgrade.salgradename,     dbo.tblempstatus.StatusName, dbo.piskills.skilltype,     dbo.pilocation.locname, pilocation1.locname AS wcity,     dbo.pijobtitlehist.jthSaleGradetype, dbo.piworkexp.expserperiod,     dbo.piemployee.empdomicile, dbo.piskills.skilltype AS Skill,     dbo.piskills.skillexp, dbo.pieducation.edudegree AS Degree,     dbo.pieducation.eduuni, dbo.pieducation.edudistinction,     dbo.pilochistory.lhstartdate, dbo.pilochistory.lhenddate FROM             dbo.pilocation  RIGHT OUTER JOIN    dbo.piworkexp  RIGHT OUTER JOIN    dbo.piemployee ON dbo.piworkexp.empno  dbo.piemployee.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pijobtitlehist ON dbo.piemployee.empno  dbo.pijobtitlehist.empno ON                    dbo.pilocation.locid  dbo.piemployee.emplocationid  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pisalgrade ON dbo.piemployee.empsalgradeid  dbo.pisalgrade.salgradeid    LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.tblempstatus ON dbo.piemployee.empstatus  dbo.tblempstatus.StatusID  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.piskills ON dbo.piemployee.empno  dbo.piskills.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pilocation AS pilocation1  INNER JOIN    dbo.pilochistory ON pilocation1.locid  dbo.pilochistory.locid ON dbo.piemployee.empno  dbo.pilochistory.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pieducation ON dbo.piemployee.empno  dbo.pieducation.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pijobtitle AS pijobtitle1 ON dbo.piemployee.empjobtitleid  pijobtitle1.jobtitleid codepre  pI am writing sql query to implement different scenario, but problem is that it gives repeated values. I write distinct and order by too but result was same can any one help me to solve this issue.p  hr  pstrongEDITstrong  The same query with table names aliasedp  precodeSELECT        em.empfirstname, em.emplastname,     em.empno, em.empcnic,     em.empcurrentadd, em.empcellph,     em.empbirthday, jt.jobtitlename,     em.empjoindate, ed.edudegree,     ed.eduyear, em.emppension,     em.empage, em.empservice,     em.empterminate, em.emptermdate,     em.empbasicofpay, em.empterminationreason,     em.empterminationdate, em.empstatus,     em.empgender, em.empmaritalstatus,     em.emppaymethod, em.empleaveentitle,     em.empconfirmation, em.emptitle,     em.empbasicamount, sg.salgradename,     es.StatusName, s.skilltype,     L.locname, L1.locname AS wcity,     jh.jthSaleGradetype, we.expserperiod,     em.empdomicile, s.skilltype AS Skill,     s.skillexp, ed.edudegree AS Degree,     ed.eduuni, ed.edudistinction,     Lh.lhstartdate, Lh.lhenddate FROM             dbo.pilocation AS L RIGHT OUTER JOIN    dbo.piworkexp AS we RIGHT OUTER JOIN    dbo.piemployee AS em ON we.empno  em.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pijobtitlehist jh ON em.empno  jh.empno ON L.locid  em.emplocationid  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pisalgrade AS sg ON em.empsalgradeid  sg.salgradeid    LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.tblempstatus AS es ON em.empstatus  es.StatusID  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.piskills AS s ON em.empno  s.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pilocation AS L1  INNER JOIN    dbo.pilochistory AS Lh ON L1.locid  Lh.locid ON em.empno  Lh.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pieducation ed ON em.empno  ed.empno  LEFT OUTER JOIN    dbo.pijobtitle AS j ON em.empjobtitleid  j.jobtitleid codepre
Negative 63 precodepackage dao  import java.sql.ResultSet import java.sql.SQLException  import org.krams.tutorial.oxm.SubscriptionRequest import org.springframework.jdbc.core.RowMapper import org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple.SimpleJdbcDaoSupport  public class MyMapper implements RowMapperltSubscriptionRequestgt      public SubscriptionRequest mapRowResultSet rs, int rowNum throws SQLException          SubscriptionRequest subscription  new SubscriptionRequest         subscription.setIdrs.getInt1         subscription.setCityrs.getString2            return subscription       codepre  pthis is my class at the moment, it is a mapper for my 1 tablep  phow can i use the same mapper class for other database tables or for each table, i must create new mapper classp
Negative 63 pIm using the coderordcode function in Solr queries in order to boost query results against a rank field, using a syntax something like thisp  precodebfrordcurrank1.8 codepre  pThe algorithm works well, but recent changes in Solr indicate that using ord and rord is a memory hog now.  From a hrefhttpsvn.apache.orgreposasflucenesolrbranchesbranch1.4CHANGES.txt relnofollowthe changelogap  blockquote   pSearching and sorting is now done on a   persegment basis, meaning that the   FieldCache entries used for sorting   and for function queries are created   and used persegment and can be reused   for segments that dont change between   index updates.  While generally   beneficial, this can lead to increased   memory usage over 1.3 in certain   scenarios    p      p[...] p      p2 Certain function queries   such as ord and rord require a top   level FieldCache instance and can thus   lead to increased memory usage.    Consider replacing ord and rord   with alternatives, such as function   queries based on ms for date   boosting.p blockquote  pIt mentions possible strategies for handling datebased boosting, but how about for a number like rank where rank is a number between 1 and the emtotal number of recordsemp  prord seems ideal... any other strategiesp
Negative 63 pIm trying to read the text from a popup window.  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2zlUh.png alterrorsp  pThe title is always the same.  Ive managed to identify the hwnd and get the title with the code below, but I cant figure out how to read the contents.p  precodeimport time  import win32gui, win32con   windows  [] def MyCallback hwnd, extra    extra.appendhwnd win32gui.EnumWindowsMyCallback, windows  while True   window  win32gui.GetForegroundWindow   title  win32gui.GetWindowTextwindow   if title  Errors occurred  print error window   time.sleep1 codepre  pstrongHeres the working versionstrongp  precodeimport time  import win32gui  while True   window  win32gui.GetForegroundWindow   title  win32gui.GetWindowTextwindow   if title  Errors occurred     control  win32gui.FindWindowExwindow, 0, static, None     print text , win32gui.GetWindowTextcontrol   time.sleep1 codepre
Negative 63 pWhat is a subclass in javap  pI know about classes and methods, but I do not know about subclasses.p
Negative 63 pI have one excel document with two columns of data. First column with 19k rows of data and second column with 2k rows of data. All of the data in the 2nd column exists in the 1st column.  I want to delete all the rows in the 1st column which have the data from the 2nd column.  Is there a way how to do that Thanks in advance, Lazialep
Negative 63 pI have 2 files codea.ccode and codeb.ccodep  pIn codea.ccode I am sending a signal to a function located in codeb.ccodep  precodesignalSIGUSR1,doSomething codepre  pOn top of the a.c file, I havep  precodeextern void doSomething int    sig codepre  pWhen I compile, however, I get an errorp  blockquote   ptmpccCw9Yun.o In function codemainbr   a.c.text0xba undefined reference tocodedoSomethingbr   collect2 ld returned 1 exit statusp blockquote  pThe following headers are includedp  precodeinclude ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltsignal.hgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltsyswait.hgt codepre  pHow do I fix thisp
Negative 63 pI want to write a python decorator to decorate a test function of a unittest.TestCase, to decide the target host this function should run against. See this examplep  precodeclass MyTestCaseunittest.TestCase     targethost[host1.com, host2.com]     def testmycommandself         do something here against the target host codepre  pIn the decorated function, I want to be able to execute this test against all hosts, how do I do that The declaration of targethost is supposed to return a new function, but is it possible to return multiple function that the test runner can executep  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI am storing 5 digit zip codes in mySQL tables as CHAR5. However when a zip code with leading zeroes ie. 02138 is retrieved from the tables, it becomes 2138. Since it is being stored in the tables as 02138 checked with phpmyadmin, it has to do with PHP stripping off the leading 0 How can I make sure I retain the leading 0p  pIm using quite a long SQL query string using activerecords in codeigniter.p  precodeforeachq as row          bunch of code that adds more elements to the row array          data[rows][]  row      codepre
Negative 63 pI need to implement an edittext field that just allows user input from 20 to 60. If user input a number that is out of range, a dialog will display and force user to input again.  p  pSo the text watcher is not useful because it cannot prevent user input a number that lower than 20.p  pThe onFocusChangedListener is neither, if user clicks on done button, the edittext doesnt lost focus, so the trigger doesnt fire as well. p  pBesides, the edittext is inside a tab view, so when user clicks on another tab, the trigger fires but user cannot input value for that edittext any more. p  pIf you have any idea about this, plz share with me. p  pThanks a lot. p
Negative 63 pA friend of mine sent me the following challenge earlier todayp  blockquote   pGiven the following code, propose an implementation of codeOBJECTHASVTABLEcode so the program prints codeAnObject has a vtable   0, AnObjectWithVTable has a vtable   1code.p blockquote  precodeclass AnObject      int ma     void DoSomething   public      AnObject ma  0   class AnObjectWithVTable      int mb     virtual void DoStuff    public      AnObjectWithVTable mb  0   void main      printfAnObject has a vtable  i, AnObjectWithVTable has a vtable  in,            OBJECTHASVTABLEAnObject,            OBJECTHASVTABLEAnObjectWithVTable  codepre  pIve came up with the following solution which I think is decent enoughp  precodetemplate lttypename Tgt bool objectHasVtable      class derived  public T      T t     derived d      void vptrTvoid ampt     void vptrDerivedvoid ampd      return vptrT  vptrDerived   define OBJECTHASVTABLET objectHasVtableltTgt codepre  pCan you guys and gals come up with a better solution to this problemp  pEnjoy p  pstrongEditstrongp  pThe solution doesnt have to be generic across all compilers. It can work on gcc, g, MSVC...  Just specify for which compiler your solution is known to be valid. Mine is for MSVC 2010.p
Negative 63 pIn textbox autocomplete properties when i entered a character like m it dropped all strings start with m or M but when i write a character  this is an Arabic character it dropped only string start with  , I want when i typed  or  or  or  it drop all strings start with any character from those not the typed character only , in C windows application Im not using ASP.net Any suggestions p
Negative 63 pI created a WCF service at my machine, I hosted it under IIS, it works fine. then I compile my service , and i put the compile code at remote server. i hosted it under IIS on remote server. but when i try to consume it in my client at my own machine it generate the following error.p  pThe content type texthtml charsetutf8 of the response message does not match the content type of the binding applicationsoapxml charsetutf8. If using a custom encoder, be sure that the IsContentTypeSupported method is implemented properly. The first 1024 bytes of the response were p  pthen I try to open it at remote server using browser. when i click on the link for wsdl it says bad request or invalid host name. what could be the problem. p
Negative 63 pI am a working on android application development. I am using eclipse IDE. I want to have any profilers if present for android. when I was java server side programmer I used to use JProfiler in netbeans.p  pI want to get detail information both in graphical and in chat format about memory allocation, thread creation etc while my application is running. Is there any such tool exists for androidp  pThanks Deepak p
Negative 63 pI have a table newfoobar that is empty. it has columns fbcprimarykey, fbctwo, fbcthree, and fbcfour.p  pfbcthree defaults to applep  pthen I have a table foo, with a columns fcpimarykey, fctwo. And a table bar with columns bcprimarykey, bctwo, bcthree.p  pfbcprimarykey, bcprimarykey, and fcprimarykey, are all primary keys of their respective tables.p  phow does one insert fctwo, into fbctwo, and bcthree into fbcfour.p  pre TABLE foo fcprimarykey  fctwo   1               hello   2               goodbye  TABLE bar bcprimarykey  bctwo  bcthree   1               abc     123       2               def     456        NOTE bar and foo have a 1to1 relationship.   TABLE foobar fbcprimarykey  fbctwo  fbcthree  fbcfour    empty   ...AFTER SOME SQL MAGIC....  TABLE foobar fbcprimarykey  fbctwo  fbcthree  fbcfour   1                hello    apple      123       2                goodbye  apple      456        pre  pThe problem I am having with is, how to get the columns of data to fall under the foobar column.p
Negative 63 pI want any requests with any extra words[paths] e.g., www.mysite.comwordsindex.html, etc.just to be directed to my index page. If the word index is in the url, I want the page to be direct to the .p  pPresently I havep  precodeRewriteCond THEREQUEST .index.html  RewriteRule .index.html httpwww.mysite.com1 [R301,L]  codepre  pIt directs pages that have index.html in the url, but not pages that may have variants [additional paths]like www.mysite.comwordsindex.html. In other words, somebody that may be looking for an index on the page words types this in their browser to look for the index of the words page. They should go to www.mysite.com. Instead, it directs to the real page if it exists, but just shows textnot pics and other items on the page. Again, I dont want a partial page display, just redirected to the index page, which is .p
Negative 63 pCurrently I am trying to render a .obj model that I loaded into vectors. I am trying to pull the Vector3D object out of the array but it gives me an out of range error. It only goes to five before the array crashes, when the array has 12 objects for example. Here is the code for the rendering.p  precodeglBeginGLTRIANGLESTRIP  for int indx  0 indx lt mv3faces.size indx      if mbprintonce              stdcout ltlt Rendering Loop....Faces at 8  ltlt mv3faces.at5.x ltlt  Current Index  ltlt indx ltlt stdendl         stdcout ltlt Rendering Loop X  ltlt mv3faces.atindx.x ltlt  Y  ltlt mv3faces.atindx.y ltlt  Z  ltlt mv3faces.atindx.z ltlt stdendl           glColor4f1.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f, 1.0f      glVertex3fmv3vertices.atmv3faces.atindx.x.x, mv3vertices.atmv3faces.atindx.y.y, mv3vertices.atmv3faces.atindx.z.z   mbprintonce  false glEnd codepre  pIgnore the mbprintonce... that is for debugging purposes.p
Negative 63 pI have an EC2 instance with the usual stack of Apache, Passenger, and Rails. The app is running in production, so Javascript files are cached into an codeall.jscode file.p  pPassenger is configured to prestart the application instance using the a hrefhttpwww.modrails.comdocumentationUsers20guide20Apache.htmlPassengerPreStart relnofollowPassengerPreStarta directive.p  pOn occasion, the codeall.jscode that is created by Rails in codepublicjavascriptscode has the wrong permissions, code0600code for the deployment user. Its supposed to be code0640code, so that Apache can serve the files theyre in the same group, wwwdata.p  pDo you have any explanation as to why this is happening Is there any issue known with codePassengerPreStartcode and Rails asset cachingp
Negative 63 pI am doing some simple programs with opencv in python.  I want to write a few algorithms myself, so need to get at the raw image data inside an image.  I cant just do image[i,j] for example, how can I get at the numbersp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI am trying to assign p  ul liCTRLUli liCTRLSHIFTUli ul  pto some PowerShell ISE Addonmenu functions,  but say seem to be assigned to some Windows function.p  pI didnt find them in current online shortcut lists either or are there some applications which can create global shortcuts which are used even when other application have the focus p  pstrongEditstrongp  pI changed the title, after recognizing, that this is a PowerShell ISE problem and no general Windows problem. p  pand here is the codep  precodepsISE.CurrentPowerShellTab.AddOnsMenu.Submenus.AddTest 1,Writehost test 1, CTRLSHIFTU  psISE.CurrentPowerShellTab.AddOnsMenu.Submenus.AddTest 2,Writehost test 2, CTRLU    Exception calling Add with 3 arguments The menu Test 1 uses shortcut CtrlShiftU, which is already in use by the menu or editor functionality. Parametername shortcut At line1 char52  psISE.CurrentPowerShellTab.AddOnsMenu.Submenus.Add ltltltlt Test 1,Writehost test 1, CTRLSHIFTU       CategoryInfo           NotSpecified  [], MethodInvocationException      FullyQualifiedErrorId  DotNetMethodTargetInvocation  Exception calling Add with 3 arguments The menu Test 2 uses shortcut CtrlU, which is already in use by the menu or editor functionality. Parametername shortcut At line2 char52  psISE.CurrentPowerShellTab.AddOnsMenu.Submenus.Add ltltltlt Test 2,Writehost test 2, CTRLU       CategoryInfo           NotSpecified  [], MethodInvocationException      FullyQualifiedErrorId  DotNetMethodTargetInvocation codepre
Negative 63 precodecreate or replace trigger inserttestid before insert on test wheretest.nameAsh begin insert into testsno valuesdef end codepre  pmy table isp  ptest id integer name varchar2200 sno varchar2250p  pplease tell me that what is the error in this trigger. I am not able to find out.p
Negative 63 pI have a method which saves from reservations, but overwrites the output file every time when I create a new instance of codeXmlReportGeneratorcodep  precodefrom lxml import etree from Flights.FlightTravelReservation import FlightTravelReservation  class XmlReportGenerator     root  None     doc  None      def initself         self.root  etree.Elementresults         self.doc  etree.ElementTreeself.root      def addflightrowself, flighttravelreservation         pageelement  etree.SubElementself.root, FlightTravel         etree.SubElementpageelement, QuantityOfPassengers.text                strlenflighttravelreservation.paxes         etree.SubElementpageelement,Id.text                flighttravelreservation.reservationid      def Saveself, path  Flights.xml         outFile  openpath, wb         self.doc.writeoutFile codepre  pWhere sample output isp  precodeltresultsgt   ltFlightTravelgt     ltPaxesgt4ltPaxesgt     ltIdgt259183ltIdgt   ltFlightTravelgt ltresultsgt codepre  pHow do I modify addflightrow method to add new rows For example, I want something likep  precodeltresultsgt   ltFlightTravelgt     ltPaxesgt4ltPaxesgt     ltIdgt259183ltIdgt   ltFlightTravelgt   ltFlightTravelgt     ltPaxesgt9ltPaxesgt     ltIdgt123456ltIdgt   ltFlightTravelgt ltresultsgt codepre  pI added test methodp  precodedef testtestself,a,b      pageelement  etree.SubElementself.root,FlightTravel      etree.SubElementpageelement,QuantityOfPassengers.text  a     etree.SubElementpageelement,Id.text  b      return pageelement codepre  pAnd this is how I use it    p  precodexXmlReportGenerator x.testtesta,b x.Savetest.xml  xXmlReportGenerator x.testtestc,d x.Savetest.xml codepre  pand in result I havep  precodeltresultsgt   ltFlightTravelgt     ltFlightsgt     ltQuantityOfPassengersgtcltQuantityOfPassengersgt     ltIdgtdltIdgt   ltFlightTravelgt ltresultsgt codepre  pinstead ofp  precodeltresultsgt   ltFlightTravelgt     ltFlightsgt     ltQuantityOfPassengersgtaltQuantityOfPassengersgt     ltIdgtbltIdgt   ltFlightTravelgt   ltFlightTravelgt     ltFlightsgt     ltQuantityOfPassengersgtcltQuantityOfPassengersgt     ltIdgtdltIdgt   ltFlightTravelgt ltresultsgt codepre
Negative 63 pI want to calculate the rough distance between two points, and to reduce the computation overhead, I am using the following formulap  pDistance between x1, y1 amp x2, y2p  precodeDist  Mod x1  x2  Mod y1  y2 codepre  pWhere Mod is the Modulus operator Modx  X.p  pThis seems to be working.p  pI want to know, if I have missed out something ...p
Negative 63 pIm searching a java framework for manipulate audio and video files, I need functions likep  ul liSplit video and audio filesli liGet a frame from a videoli liKey Frame extractionli ul  pI tried Xuggle and I want to know if there are other frameworks. any advicep
Negative 63 pThis is driving me crazy, but first I would like to apologize. I am very new to javascriptjquery.  I did, however, do my best to solve this by searching relentlessly, and to no avail.p  pHeres my issue I am implementing a Flickr photo gallery for a client bc she insists on using it to upload her pictures.  To do this I am using a slider gallery I purchased, and some jQueryAJAX to create all the functionsrequests.  The slider is a jQuery script that uses specifically structured selectors to create the slideshow. The structure is like thisp  precodeltdiv classslidergt     ltdiv classslideritemgt         ltimg srcpathtoimg.jpggt         ltimg classthumbnail srcpathtoimgthumbnail.jpggt         ltdiv classcaptiongtMy Captionltdivgt         ltdiv classthumbnailcaptiongtMy Thumb Captionltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pThe function I setup is like thisp  precode   var currentPage  1     var totalPages     var sliderHTML  ltdiv classslidergtltdivgt     var perPage  18      function flickr        function              sliderHTML.prependToportfolio             .getJSONhttppathtoflickrperpage  perPage  amppage  currentPage  ampformatjsonampjsoncallback,                 functiondata                      totalPages  Math.ceildata.photos.total  perPage                      .eachdata.photos.photo, functioni,item                      Loop results and grab all variables I need  Examples omitted                      After which, append variables to string                 var sliderItem  ltdiv classslideritemgtltimg height  imgHeight   src  photoURLo   alt  photoTitle   gtltimg height75 width75 classthumbnail src  photoURLm   alt  photoTitle   gtltdiv classcaptiongt  photoTitle  ltdivgtltdiv classthumbnailCaptiongt  photoTitle  ltdivgtltdivgt                      Then append to the main div                     sliderItem.appendTo.slider                             Finally call the function on document.ready  document.readyfunction    flickr  codepre  pTo make sure the slider doesnt load until the flickr function is completed which was causing screwups I just wrapped it in a function and call it on window.load. which works perfectly.  And finally I initialize the slider w a window.load event.p  precodewindow.loadaSlider  loads the slider script window.loadadvSlider  initializes the slider codepre  pThe whole setup works great. Initially.p  pHeres the issue.  I need to call more pictures and this is not working at all Heres the code snippet in my HTMLp  precode ltscript typetextjavascriptgt         moreSlides.clickfunction              iftotalPages  currentPage checks for last page                 currentPage  1            resets to page one                          else                  currentPage       increments page                           .slider.remove      removes entire slider div                           flickr             .slideritem.ajaxCompleteaSlider             advSlider           ltscriptgt codepre  pOne way or another this always fails.  I have tried stepping through this click event in the console and what it basically looks like is that it gets to the flickr function and just passes over it instead of executing the function which I can see happen if I step through it in the console on load.  However, it does eventually execute the function... it creates the div classslider, and within it, my loading animation, but after that it does not load the slideitems until after it executes the aSlider function.p  pI have reproduced what I want to happen in the console manually and it works fine Increment the currentPage check.  Remove the .slider div check. Execute flickrcheck. Execute aSlider check.  Initialize advSlider check.  Everything works perfectly with all the second page images showing up.p  pSomething is wrong with the sequence and I simply do not know what it is.  I have tried everything I can find to get the aSlider to wait, but it doesnt work.  Please helpp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have this app Only one activity that use some android UI and some native C lib to do OpenGl drawing and calculation.p  pIt seems like the activity creates some binder thread on its own, and Im pretty sure it causes some corruption amongs my native calls.p  pWhat are the binder threads  Can they be removed or merge into one p
Negative 63 pin my application im exporting gridview data to excel sheet now i want save this sheet to a folder that i have created in my machine how can i do thatp  pi have written code like thisp  precodeusing System using System.Configuration using System.Data using System.Linq using System.Web using System.Web.Security using System.Web.UI using System.Web.UI.HtmlControls using System.Web.UI.WebControls using System.Web.UI.WebControls.WebParts using System.Xml.Linq using System.Data.SqlClient  public partial class Default  System.Web.UI.Page       public override void VerifyRenderingInServerFormControl control                 private void ExportToExcelstring strFileName, GridView dg              Response.Clear         Response.Buffer  true         Response.ContentType  applicationvnd.msexcel         Response.Charset           this.EnableViewState  false         System.IO.StringWriter oStringWriter  new System.IO.StringWriter         System.Web.UI.HtmlTextWriter oHtmlTextWriter  new System.Web.UI.HtmlTextWriteroStringWriter         oHtmlTextWriter.WriteLineltbgtltugtltfont size5gtltfont colorbluegtltcentergt REPORT ltcentergtltfontgtltugtltbgt         GridView1.RenderControloHtmlTextWriter         Response.End           protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e                 protected void Button2Clickobject sender, EventArgs e              SqlConnection con  new SqlConnection         con.Open         int var  DropDownList1.SelectedIndex         switch var                       case 0 break             case 1 SqlCommand cmdd  new SqlCommandupdate t1 set diff1isnullt1.datet2.date,0from reporttemp t1 left join reporttemp t2 on t1.rnt2.rn1, con                 SqlCommand cmdd1  new SqlCommandupdate t1 set diff2isnullt1.datet2.date,0from reportpre t1 left join reportpre t2 on t1.rnt2.rn1, con                 SqlCommand cmdd2  new SqlCommandupdate t1 set diff3isnullt1.datet2.date,0from reportph t1 left join reportph t2 on t1.rnt2.rn1, con                 cmdd.ExecuteNonQuery                 cmdd1.ExecuteNonQuery                 cmdd2.ExecuteNonQuery                 GridView1.Visible  true                 DataTable dt  new DataTable                 SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandselect Date,Temperature from reporttemp where datepartminute,diff15, con                 SqlDataAdapter da  new SqlDataAdaptercmd                 SqlCommand cmd2  new SqlCommandselect Date,Pressure  from reportpre where datepartminute,diff25, con                 SqlDataAdapter da2  new SqlDataAdaptercmd2                 SqlCommand cmd3  new SqlCommandselect Date,Ph  from reportph where datepartminute,diff35, con                 SqlDataAdapter da3  new SqlDataAdaptercmd3                 da.Filldt                 da2.Filldt                 da3.Filldt                 GridView1.DataSource  dt                 GridView1.DataBind                 break             case 2 GridView1.Visible  true                 SqlCommand cmd4  new SqlCommandupdate t1 set diff1isnullt1.datet2.date,0from reporttemp t1 left join reporttemp t2 on t1.rnt2.rn1, con                 SqlCommand cmd1  new SqlCommandupdate t1 set diff2isnullt1.datet2.date,0from reportpre t1 left join reportpre t2 on t1.rnt2.rn1, con                 SqlCommand cmd5  new SqlCommandupdate t1 set diff3isnullt1.datet2.date,0from reportph t1 left join reportph t2 on t1.rnt2.rn1, con                 cmd4.ExecuteNonQuery                 cmd1.ExecuteNonQuery                 cmd5.ExecuteNonQuery                 GridView1.Visible  true                 DataTable dt1  new DataTable                 SqlCommand cmd6  new SqlCommandselect Date,Temperature from reporttemp  where datepartminute,diff12 , con                 SqlDataAdapter daa  new SqlDataAdaptercmd6                 SqlCommand cmd7  new SqlCommandselect Date,Pressure  from reportpre where datepartminute,diff22, con                 SqlDataAdapter daa2  new SqlDataAdaptercmd7                 SqlCommand cmd8  new SqlCommandselect Date,Ph  from reportph where datepartminute,diff32, con                 SqlDataAdapter daa3  new SqlDataAdaptercmd8                 daa.Filldt1                 daa2.Filldt1                 daa3.Filldt1                 GridView1.DataSource  dt1                 GridView1.DataBind                 break                     protected void Button3Click1object sender, EventArgs e               ExportToExcelReport.xls, GridView1           codepre  pcan any1 help me on thisp
Negative 63 pIs it possible to add lights to jcomponents... especially as an action on the jcomponent.p  pI mean something beyond changing background color of the component for example a jbutton... I mean something like what we see in windows 7 components or actions done in xaml...p
Negative 63 pWhat is the solution to generate invoices every 2 weeks strongautomaticallystrong Cron Jobsp  pI have multiple orders in the tblorder table, I want to generate an invoices for every 2 weeks for billing.p  precode     tblorder table     OrderID PK     ShopID FK     CustomerID FK     Status     Total     OrderDate       invoice table     InvoiceID PK     InvoiceDate     InvoiceStatus      invoiceorder       invoiceorderID PK      InvoiceID FK      OrderID FK codepre  pThe invoice date for Feb would be 01  15 February, 16  28 Februaryp  pand on March 01  15 March, 16  31 Marchp  pSo for example, generate invoice between 01  15 March on codetblorder.ShopID  5codep  pHow can that be done if using Cron Jobs  PHP or alternative solutionp
Negative 63 pI have a issue in using subquery with queryover.p  pThis is what I havep  precode      var address  QueryOver.OfltAddressgt             .Wherex gt x.City.IsLike  city  .Selectx gt x.Person.Id          var result  Session.QueryOverltPersongt             .Wherex gt x.Type.IsLiketype               .Andx gt x.Name.IsLike  name               .WithSubquery.WhereExistsaddresses codepre  pI have a table for Person and a person has multiple addreses.p  pSo  Person   id, name, typep  pand Address will have    PersonId and city etc.p  pSo want to search a person by name and type as well as City which is in Address tablep
Negative 63 pHi im working on project that have a table view with 10 controllers every controller have 3 subviews so ill have more than 20 xib files.  Could this be a problem when i submit my application at the app store. I wonder if there any limit  for xib files p
Negative 63 pIn a nutshell, Im using WebDriver to automate testing of my Web Application and, for some reason that I just cant figure out, the tests run smoothly when I use GlassFish v3.0.1, but when I try using v3.1, the tests wont run and print a very long stacktrace. The most important points of the error messages are the followingp  precodeWARNING IOP00810257 MARSHAL Could not load class org.glassfish.resource.common.PoolInfo  org.omg.CORBA.MARSHAL   vmcid SUN  minor code 257 completed Maybe codepre  pandp  precodeCannot acquire data source [jdbcepms].  Communication exception for SerialContext ,orbsInitialHostlocalhost,orbsInitialPort3700 [Root exception is java.rmi.MarshalException .......] codepre  pat first, I thought this could be a classpath problem, but the class org.glassfish.resource.common.PoolInfo is included in modulescommonutil.jar curiously, it doesnt exist in the v3.0.1 installation, where it works. Both servers are configured in a similar way and have the jdbcepms JDBC Resource created and working properly the application being tested is running on both servers without any problem.p  pCan someone help me with this issuep  pKind regards,p  pCarlos Ferreirap
Negative 63 pCan someone help me rewrite this regex to be nonexponentialp  pIm using perl to parse email data. I want to extract email addresses from the data. Here is  a shortened version of the regex that Ive been usingp  pcodemy emailaddress  qr[sltgt,[]][]icodep  pFor simplicity Ive removed the later domain part of the regex. It isnt causing any problems.p  pThis will find an RFC compliant email address that either contains nonemail meta chars OR a quoted string followed by . Using the OR  part of the regex with the two different multicharacter patterns creates an exponential problem.p  pThe problem is, when I unleash this on a line of data that is several thousands of characters long.p  precode wc line7.txt  1    221 497819 line7.txt codepre  pIm sorry but I cannot provide input data at this time, I may be able to mock some up later.p  pMuch like rewriting ab to ab, I need to rewrite this regex. p  pSplitting it into two separate regexs creates more work in code changes then I am willing to perform at this point. Although it would solve my problem.p  pThe eventual target machine is on a Hadoop cluster. So I would like to avoid CPAN modules that dont come with Hadoops version of perl. Ill have to check if EmailFind can even be used. This is a problem I encountered at work.p
Negative 63 pi have a function which creates a report and sends it to a user. What ive done is create a mock for the email function, and verify if the send function of the email class was called.p  pSo now i know that the function is called, but how do you unit test the body of the Send function How can i proove that the subject and body are correct and an attachment is attached to the emailp  pMichelp
Negative 63 pIm having trouble understanding how a git merge works in terms of the commits created by the merge process. Ive read the relevant sections in pro git and the git community book, but am still confused.p  pConsider this scenario  I have an origin git repop  precode          master              a0a1a2a3       b0b1                 branch2 codepre  pI clone this repo to a local repo and then work only on the local repo.  In branch2, I did a git merge master.  Now my local repo looks like this p  precode     master  originmaster              a0a1a2a3                  b0b1merge                    originbranch2                    branch2 codepre  pSo the merge created 1 commit, merge, after the b1 commit.  git log for branch2 shows the expected graphp  precodegt git log branch2 graph prettyoneline decorate    a7b69fc6759e1dd5463bab379ce101a6ad026c7b HEAD, branch2 Merge branch master into branch2      482e4026f05e33395a9fc3c87f50a746f692406a originmaster, originHEAD, master a3   8de57bdea2d316073af3b7055f8c28c56004ce94 a2   1e991047996aad269f2c01b9a0b9a7d8293096a1 a1   99955f66843df51fb9d40c7797156c32cad57415 originbranch2 b1   30ca9b6363558322f2bb7810d75cda0d9c2ba3e0 b0     76a7c6d0eb54a9580841115ff2c3429360ab2ac9 a0 codepre  pIn addition, if I go one commit before the current head, I get to the b1 commit, as expected.  follow the branch2 line in the graph and go back 1 commitp  precodegt git log branch2 graph prettyoneline decorate  99955f66843df51fb9d40c7797156c32cad57415 originbranch2 b1  30ca9b6363558322f2bb7810d75cda0d9c2ba3e0 b0  76a7c6d0eb54a9580841115ff2c3429360ab2ac9 a0 codepre  pHere comes my confusion.  I havent pushed my changes to the origin yet, but when I do a git status, git says my local branch2 is ahead of the originbranch2 by 4 commits.  I thought the merge only resulted in 1 new merge commit, as seen by the graph  diagrams above  Why 4p  precodegt git status  On branch branch2  Your branch is ahead of originbranch2 by 4 commits.  nothing to commit working directory clean codepre  pAlso, doing a git log from originbranch2 to branch2 shows the 4 commits instead of the 1 I expected going from b1 to merge.  p  precodegt git log originbranch2..branch2 graph prettyoneline decorate  a7b69fc6759e1dd5463bab379ce101a6ad026c7b HEAD, branch2 Merge branch master into branch2  482e4026f05e33395a9fc3c87f50a746f692406a originmaster, originHEAD, master a3  8de57bdea2d316073af3b7055f8c28c56004ce94 a2  1e991047996aad269f2c01b9a0b9a7d8293096a1 a1 codepre  pI understand the 4 commits are the 3 from master a1,a2,a3 that the merge is supposed to bring over to branch 2, plus the merge commit.  But why doesnt the graph show it that way If it does, it would look likep  precode     master  originmaster              a0a1a2a3                             b0b1a1a2a3merge                               originbranch2                                          branch2 codepre  pAnd branch2 would bring me to a3 instead of b1.p  pThanks in advance for any help.p
Negative 63 pI use a custom random number generator build with Cython. I dont understand why, but it no longer works... I guess it is related to Python 2.7, or maybe a new version of Cython.p  pIn dcmtrand.pyx, I havep  precode... import dcmt ... cdef class RandomState     ...     def reduceself         return dcmt.RandomStatector, , self.getstate     ... codepre  pdcmt is a folder. In it, I have stronginitstrong.py filep  precodefrom dcmtrand import   def RandomStatector     return RandomState.newRandomState codepre  pI compile it usingp  precodepython setup.py buildext inplace codepre  pthen I copy resulting dcmtrand.so file into dcmt folder, and I move dcmt folder into my project.p  pNow, if I import dcmt, everything is okp  precodeimport dcmt import cPickle dc  dcmt.DynamicCreator5 a  dc[0] cPickle.dumpsa codepre  pBut if I want to put dcmt into a subpackage, it no longer worksp  precodefrom prng import dcmt  Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File prngdcmtinit.py, line 1, in ltmodulegt     from dcmtrand import    File dcmtrand.pyx, line 10, in init dcmtrand dcmtrand.c6955 ImportError No module named dcmt codepre  pTo make it work, I need to add prng to Python path. p  pWhy it is no longer working How to make it work againp
Negative 63 pThis is a followup to the a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6433084howtogetthenumberofelementshavingsameattributeinhtmlinwatirCounting the number of HTML elements having same attribute in Watira question.p  pSo, suppose I have a HTML element as followsp  precodeltinput typepassword classfoo gt  ltspan classfoogtltspangt lta href1 classfoogtTextltagt codepre  pSo, I can obtain a collection of all the elements having the same class name by usingp  precode elements  browser.elementsclass,foo codepre  pSince, its an collection, I can use the each method to iterate over the collection. While iterating over the collection, I want to determine what type of tag is represented Something similar to the nodeName or the tagName method in Javascript. Is there a way we could do this in Watirp  pSample code would be p  precodeelements  browser.elementsclass,foo elements.each  element puts element.ltWatirmethodsimilartonodeNameofJavaScriptgt  codepre
Negative 63 pafter some research I found that the best option for my current proyect is to use AS3 in collaboration with ZendAMF to be able to connect with PHPMySql.p  pBut, there is a little problem, I cant make it work, and maybe its me, but the official official website documentation kind of sucks.p  pSo, is there a proper guide to have a working example using ZendAMFp  pThx very much.p  pEdit. Im not using Flex components, thou Im using Flash Builder my project is entirely AS3.p
Negative 63 pi have a file that looks like thisp  precodeTTITLE0track name 1 TTITLE1track name 2 codepre  pand a directory that contains codetrack01.cdda.wav.mp3code and codetrack02.cdda.wav.mp3codep  pi have the following code, which creates 2 different arrays, 1 with the track names and 1 with the track titlesp  precodetracks  Dir.glob.mp3  tracknames  Array.new File.openread.each do line   if line  TTITLE     tracknames ltlt line.split[1].strip   end end codepre  pthis gives me 2 arraysp  precode[track name 1, track name 2] codepre  pand p  precode[track01.cdda.wav.mp3, track02.cdda.wav.mp3] codepre  pi would like to rename the files in the second array with the elements of the first array. so, codetrack01.cdda.wav.mp3code would become codetrack name 1.mp3code. p  phere is what i have tried so farp  precodetracks.map track File.renametracks, tracknames.mp3  codepre  pand i get the errorp  precodeNo such file or directory  track01.cdda.wav.mp3track02.cdda.wav.mp3 or track name 1track name 2 ErrnoENOENT codepre  pi have to keep in mind that in the future there could be any number of elements in each array, but the numbers will be equal to each other. p  pany ideasp
Negative 63 pI want to insert the data from excel file into the SQL Server.. I used the following SQL Statementp  precodeSELECT     FROM OPENROWSETMicrosoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0,                   Excel 8.0DatabaseYPath.xls,                   SELECT  FROM [Sheet] codepre  pBut i am getting the following error p  blockquote   pMsg 7403, Level 16, State 1, Line 1br   The OLE DB provider Microsoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0 has not been registered.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI have a Java Applet that uses LDAP to get a list of all the servers on Active Directory. The Applet puts all of the servers into a drop down list. p  pThe next step is to select one of these servers and then display a list of all the services running on that server. Is there a way of getting all of the services running on a serverp  pThe final goal is to be able to restart a service from the Applet. Is this possible And if so, what is the best approachp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI want to store a 512 bit data in mysql.p  pIm wondering if it is better to store it as strongchar64strong or 8 columns of strongbigintstrong or something elsep  pMy priority is to maximize the speed of comparison I am ok to have slow updates, inserts, deletes in exchange for a faster comparison speedp  pI am aware simply storing it as char64 will probably take the least development time, however although thats very important, its currently ranked last in my set of prioritiesp
Negative 63 pwhen i foreign reference a table, is there any point in declaring that column as uniquep  pI mean of course that column which Im referencing to is unique.p
Negative 63 pI am working in software development from last 5 years, now i need to manage a newly started project. The project is web application and will be developed in Asp.Net and C.  Since i am managing first project so i only need to know what document should i need to maintainprepare from strongproject management prospectivestrong e.g gant chart etc. I only know the name of gant chart so i mention here. So if there are some other documents then please also let me know. Note I am finished with requirement gathering and analysis, and since i am developing from last five year so i have software design in my my the thing only lacking is the strongproject management prospectivestrong coz i never did that before. p  pSeconldy please help in chossing the appropriate tool for creating respective documents.p
Negative 63 pThere is an Oracle database schema very small in data, but still about 1015 tables. It contains a sort of configuration routing tables.p  pThere is an application that have to poll this schema from time to time. Notifications are not to be used. p  pIf no data in the schema were updated, the application should use its current inmemory version. p  pIf any table had any update, the application should reload all the tables into memory.p  pWhat would be the most effective way to check the whole schema for update since a given key point time or transaction idp  pI am imagined Oracle keeps an transaction id per schema. Then there should be a way to query such an ID and keep it to compare with at next poll.p  pIve found this question, where such an pseudocolumn exists on a row levelp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions265122howtofindoutwhenanoracletablewasupdatedthelasttimeHow to find out when an Oracle table was updated the last timeap  pI would think something similar exists on a schema level.p  pCan someone please point me in the right directionp
Negative 63 pId like to use a timer in a Scala Swing application. I can use the Java version, only it means I have to implement the ActionListener interface. Id rather use the Scala Publishers  Reactors model for consistency, so I can have things that codelistenTocode the timer.p  pHeres what I triedp  precodeclass ScalaTimertime Int extends Component    val t  new javax.swing.Timertime, new java.awt.event.ActionListener      def actionPerformede java.awt.event.ActionEvent        publishnew scala.swing.event.ActionEventthis           def start t.start   def stop t.stop    etc   codepre  pDoesnt work because codethiscode refers to the the ActionListener rather than the ScalaTimer class.p  pAlso I probably shouldnt be extending codeComponentcode... I tried this because I get the Publisher  Reactor functionality, but it doesnt really make sense. Should I do something like this instead If so, are there other traits I need to include, and how do I know which methods I have to implementp  precode class ScalaTimer extends javax.swing.Timer with Publisher  codepre  pMy IDE immediately flags Missing arguments for method TimerInt, ActionListener which seems a bit weird since I havent invoked a method.p
Negative 63 pSee at the bottom for a full reprop  pWith the following entity ...p  precode[Table] internal sealed class Employee      private EntityRefltEmployeegt manager      [ColumnIsPrimaryKey  true, IsDbGenerated  true]     private int Id      [Column]     private int ManagerId      [Column]     internal bool IsOverpaid      [AssociationName  ManagerSubordinate, Storage  manager, ThisKey  ManagerId, IsForeignKey  true]     internal Employee Manager              get  return this.manager.Entity          set  this.manager.Entity  value        codepre  p... this query fails with a NotSupportedException, with the message Types in Union or Concat are constructed incompatibly.p  precodevar overpaidTopManagers      from employee in context.Employees     where employee.IsOverpaid ampamp employee.Manager  null     select employee var managersWithOverpaidSubordinates      from employee in context.Employees     where employee.IsOverpaid ampamp employee.Manager  null     select employee.Manager var query  overpaidTopManagers.UnionmanagersWithOverpaidSubordinates codepre  pI dont really understand why, both queries produce the same type of entity, so it shouldnt be a problem to union themp  pFull repro followsp  precodeusing System using System.Data.Linq using System.Data.Linq.Mapping using System.Linq  internal static class Program      private static void Mainstring[] args              using var context  new ContextWhatever.sdf                      if context.DatabaseExists                              context.CreateDatabase                           var overpaidTopManagers                  from employee in context.Employees                 where employee.IsOverpaid ampamp employee.Manager  null                 select employee             var managersWithOverpaidSubordinates                  from employee in context.Employees                 where employee.IsOverpaid ampamp employee.Manager  null                 select employee.Manager             var query  overpaidTopManagers.UnionmanagersWithOverpaidSubordinates               This throws a NotSupportedException with the Message              Types in Union or Concat are constructed incompatibly.             foreach var manager in query                              Console.WriteLinemanager.ToString                              [Table] internal sealed class Employee      private EntityRefltEmployeegt manager      [ColumnIsPrimaryKey  true, IsDbGenerated  true]     private int Id      [Column]     private int ManagerId      [Column]     internal bool IsOverpaid      [AssociationName  ManagerSubordinate, Storage  manager, ThisKey  ManagerId, IsForeignKey  true]     internal Employee Manager              get  return this.manager.Entity          set  this.manager.Entity  value         internal sealed class Context  DataContext      internal TableltEmployeegt Employees      internal Contextstring fileOrServerOrConnection  basefileOrServerOrConnection              this.Employees  this.GetTableltEmployeegt       codepre
Negative 63 pI need to programmatically control powerpointpdf presentations the 4 direction keystrokes need to work at the minimum to go to the previous and next slides. p  pWhat librarymoduleframework can I use with Python to do this on OS Xp  pIve seen a lot of discussion on doing this in Windows and C or OS X and Quartz, but nothing particularly with Python. A crossplatform library  framework would be even better. p  pOverall, I would like to programmatically control my presentation with Python on OS X as part of a hobby project, and probably also useful in my own short presentations.p
Negative 63 pIm creating an app that manages the phonebook of the device.p  pIn the phone, there are contact accounts like strongcom.googlestrong or strongcom.htc.android.pcscstrong. When the user adds a new contact, the contact will be assigned to an account.p  pHow do I strongcreate such an accountstrong Im quite unfamiliar with how the contacts account work. I would like to have a few pointers on where I should be looking this information for, if possible.p  pThanks everyonep
Negative 63 pI have this at the momentp  precodeSELECT de.id, d.name, de.title discosevents de INNER JOIN places d ON de.dID  d.id WHERE unixtimestampnow gt de.date LIMIT 10 codepre  pThis shows me the latest 10 events.p  pSo no matter if the 10 events comes from the same place dID, it still shows 10..p  pNow I want it to show 1 latest event per place.p  pSo if theres 20 events 10 is from dID 1 and 10 is from dID 2 it should output one event from each place, so that would be 2 events in total. And these two events are the latest one unixtimestampnow  de.datep
Negative 63 pI have an element A which can be of simple element as well as complex which gets created dynamically.p  psample xml is here p  precode ltAgtjohnltAgt   ltAgt     ltBgtkathyltBgt     ltCgt bat ltCgt  ltAgt codepre  pmy xsd is like this p  precode        ltxsdelement nameAgt                     ltxsdcomplexTypegt                         ltxsdchoice minOccurs0 maxOccursunboundedgt                             ltxsdsequencegt                                 ltxsdelement nameB minOccurs0 maxOccursunbounded gt                                 ltxsdelement nameC minOccurs0 maxOccursunbounded gt                             ltxsdsequencegt                         ltxsdchoicegt                     ltxsdcomplexTypegt                 ltxsdelementgt codepre  pBut here i am facing an exception which says  p  pElement A cannot have character [children], because the types content type is elementonlyp
Negative 63 pI am interested in running a multithreaded application in the supervision of another monitoring process. The monitoring process should be able to get and set CPU registers of all the threads in the monitored application. I know how to do this for a single threaded application. But Im interested in knowing how to extend this for multithreaded applications.p
Negative 63 pI have a Core Data model with two entities A and B. A has a relation to one or more Bs. B has a property bValue.p  pI create many instances of a class and some of them invoke a notification. This notification called a method that creates a new B entity and adds it to A. The instances are created using NSThread in order to make the UI more responsive.p  pThis works only fine then there are not too many notifications invoked. Or at least not too many at the same time.p  pThen I get this exceptionp  precodeCannot remove an observer ltNSArrayController 0x10016c150gt for the key path bValue from ltbValue 0x104e55c30gt because it is not registered as an observer. codepre  pYes, B is bound to an NSArrayController.p  ul liIf I remove this ArrayController from the NIB file, everything works fine except everything the ArrayController has to doli liIf I create many Bs and add them to A elsewhere outside the notification method everything works find, also with the ArrayController.li ul  pCan someone help me pleasep  pPlease excuse my poor pronunciation.p
Negative 63 pIm developing an Android application that needs data stored in SQLite database. Since Android 2.2 and less does not support RTL, I have to align texts o the right, in my tables. My database is static and I use  SQLite Database Browser 2.0 b1 to create it. Is there any waytrick, so that I can insert my text to tables, aligned to the rightp  pI tried to insert text into MS Word, and aligning it to the right, and then copied the result into my table, but it did not work.p  pAny ideap
Negative 63 pI would like to have three buttons or images in my view, that each represent a weapon. How can I know which button has been selected by the user, and use this informationp  pI thought I would use one function to collect the information about the weapon selected, its damage, etc., but Im used to creating one function for each button in the view. Im wondering now how to determine the difference between those buttons, depending on which one has been selected.p
Negative 63 pI am using jqModal plugin. Does anybody know how to set its height and width p
Negative 63 pAs I commented in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7149577whymightmycodehaveaproblemwiththefacebookapp titleWhy might my code have a problem with the Facebook appherea, I had a problem with the FB integration in my app. I solved that issue by adding the onActivityResult method which was missing thanks alextsc. But now i have another problem. The problem happens both with the official app and without it installed in the phone. Before adding that method my app worked perfectly without the FB app installed. The problem is that i am getting this errorp  precode0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902 java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at com.facebook.android.Util.decodeUrlUtil.java97 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at com.facebook.android.Util.parseUrlUtil.java115 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at com.facebook.android.FbDialogFbWebViewClient.shouldOverrideUrlLoadingFbDialog.java125 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at android.webkit.CallbackProxy.uiOverrideUrlLoadingCallbackProxy.java216 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at android.webkit.CallbackProxy.handleMessageCallbackProxy.java323 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java123 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4627 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java521 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java868 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java626 0822 175402.754 ERRORAndroidRuntime2902     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pHere is my codep  precodepublic void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data    super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data    mFacebook.authorizeCallbackrequestCode, resultCode, data   private void postOnFbWall     Bundle postParams  new Bundle   String[] s  msharemessage.split    String url    for int i  0 i lt s.length i    if s[i].startsWith http        url  s[i]     postParams     .putString                  attachment,                 namexxxx xxxx,hrefurl,captionxxxxxxxxx xxx x xx.,descriptionurl,media[typeimage,srchttpimages1.wikia.nocookie.netcb20100328065031es.gtaimagesthumbddbxxxxlogo.svg64pxxxxxlogo.svg.png ,hrefurl],propertiesAnother linktextxxxx.com,hrefhttpwww.xxxx.com postParams.putString message, msharemessage mFacebook.dialog this, stream.publish, postParams, new PublishDialogListener    private class LoginDialogListener implements DialogListener   public void onComplete Bundle values      postOnFbWall    public void onFacebookError FacebookError e     TODO Autogenerated method stub   Toast t   t  Toast.makeText getApplicationContext , Something went wrong Try it later., Toast.LENGTHSHORT   t.show   public void onError DialogError e     TODO Autogenerated method stub   Toast t   t  Toast.makeText getApplicationContext , Something went wrong Try again later., Toast.LENGTHSHORT   t.show   public void onCancel      TODO Autogenerated method stub    private class PublishDialogListener implements DialogListener    public void onComplete Bundle values      final String postId  values.getString postid    if postId  null        Toast t     t  Toast.makeText getApplicationContext , Message has been published correctly in your wall., Toast.LENGTHSHORT     t.show       else        Toast t     t  Toast.makeText getApplicationContext , Something went wrong Try again later., Toast.LENGTHSHORT     t.show      public void onCancel      TODO Autogenerated method stub  public void onError DialogError e     TODO Autogenerated method stub   Toast t   t  Toast.makeText getApplicationContext , Something went wrong Try again later., Toast.LENGTHSHORT   t.show   public void onFacebookError FacebookError e     TODO Autogenerated method stub   Toast t   t  Toast.makeText getApplicationContext , Something went wrong Try again later., Toast.LENGTHSHORT   t.show    codepre  pThe problem happens in this linep  precodepublic static Bundle decodeUrlString s      Bundle params  new Bundle     if s  null          String array[]  s.splitamp         for String parameter  array              String v[]  parameter.split             params.putStringURLDecoder.decodev[0],                              URLDecoder.decodev[1]                   return params  codepre  pBecause the String s which is receiving from the u.getRef is p  precodepublic static Bundle parseUrlString url       hack to prevent MalformedURLException     url  url.replacefbconnect, http     try          URL u  new URLurl         Bundle b  decodeUrlu.getQuery         b.putAlldecodeUrlu.getRef         return b      catch MalformedURLException e          return new Bundle               codepre  pAny ideas Thanks a lotp  pI think I solved it by myselfbrp  h1bPossible solutionbh1  pI simply added if s  null strongampamp s.equalsIgnoreCasestrong  in decodeUrl method.br This solves the arrayOutOfBounds exception, but i dont know if it solves the hole problem.p
Negative 63 pCan I cut completely, with all styles and attributes an element from a location and paste it in another location like codebodycode with jQueryp  pAlso, I want to place a string or tag in the old location, because I want to change its place to old location at the end of the script.p  pCan I Howp  pThank you.p
Negative 63 pI have a slideshow, its only changing photos. Now I need to add a new different div box on top of each photo. At the moment jquery code takes just slideshow and .active. How to amend it to grab also new different .newbox .newbox1 for first photo, .newbox2 for second and so on. This is my photo slideshow jquery codep  precodefunction slideSwitch      var active  slideshow DIV.active      if  active.length  0  active  slideshow DIVlast       use this to pull the divs in the order they appear in the markup     var next   active.next.length  active.next          slideshow DIVfirst       uncomment below to pull the divs randomly      var sibs   active.siblings      var rndNum  Math.floorMath.random  sibs.length       var next    sibs[ rndNum ]        active.addClasslastactive      next.cssopacity 0.0         .addClassactive         .animateopacity 1.0, 1000, function              active.removeClassactive lastactive            function      setInterval slideSwitch, 5000    ltscriptgt codepre  pMy htmlp  precodediv idslideshowgt    ltdiv classactivegt         lta hrefhttpwww.mylink.com targetblankgtltimg srchttprouteimg.jpg altalt gtltagt      ltdiv classnewboxgtlth4gtlta hrefhrefgtWTFltagtlth4gtltpgtsomethingltpgtlta classbttn action hrefshopwhattheattazgtBuy Nowltagt lta classbttn hrefshopexploredesigner211gtSee Moreltagtltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 p2 days Ive been trying to get my head around this, but no joy.p  pI have a simple form that posts to a controller action.  The form posts, but it doesnt appear to go through the controller action routine as no validation or form field binding occurs  on the dev environment, the fields are populated from the request I assume by the helper and validation summary is displayed.p  pHtmlp  precodeltform methodpost actionContactgt...fields and submit...ltformgt codepre  pControllerp  precode[HttpPost] public ActionResult ContactContactModel model       Viewmodel  codepre  pWhen I refresh the page after a post back, I dont get asked to repost the values which makes me think something somewhere is causing a redirect but this doesnt happen in the dev env.p  pAnyone have any bright ideas The error logger doesnt seem to report any 500s behind the scenes so nothing there to help.p
Negative 63 pHelp please to solve my problem. I have a function that find email content and attachmentsp  precodepublic void setContentAndAttachmentsListGMailEmail gMailEmail, Part message throws MessagingException, IOException      if message.isMimeTypetext ampamp StringUtils.isEmptymessage.getFileName          gMailEmail.setContentmessage.getContent.toString         log.debugFound text data. Set as body   message.getContent.toString      else if message.isMimeTypeMULTIPARTMIMETYPE          Multipart multipartMessage  Multipart message.getContent         for int i  0 i lt multipartMessage.getCount i              BodyPart messagePart  multipartMessage.getBodyParti             setContentAndAttachmentsListgMailEmail, messagePart               else if StringUtils.isNotBlankmessage.getFileName          MailAttachment attachment  new MailAttachment         attachment.setContentTypemessage.getContentType         log.debugAttachment content type   message.getContentType         attachment.setNamemessage.getFileName         log.debugAttachment file name   message.getFileName         if message.getContent instanceof InputStream              attachment.setInputStreamInputStream message.getContent          else              attachment.setInputStreamIOUtils.toInputStreammessage.getContent.toString, UTF8                  ListltMailAttachmentgt attachmentsList  gMailEmail.getAttachmentsList         attachmentsList.addattachment         gMailEmail.setAttachmentsListattachmentsList         log.debugFound attachment  message.getFileName       codepre  pGMailEmail is POJO. If email has attachments that have extensions it works perfectly. But when attachments have no extensions, message.getFileName simply returns null.p
Negative 63 pI have a page with a ltvideogt and also a lot of javascript. On the iPhone and iPad, when you click to play the video, it starts playing in that fullscreen player as usual for the iPhoneiPad. But when the user clicks the Done button, and that full screen window disappears and the user is brought back to the web page, many javascripty things on the page are broken.p  pSpecifically, Im using the flowplayer playlist plugin which takes a template and dynamically populates a list of html with it similar to how jquerytmpl jQuery templates work. After clicking Done on a video, the page shows up again with all of this dynamically populated html gone, and just the template with its placeholders showing.p  pSo its as if safari is rerendering the original page HTML but my document.readyfunction  ...  initialization code isnt getting rerun accordingly.p  pDoes anyone have any insight into what exactly Mobile Safari does to a web page after it returns from showing a video If I can understand what events are and arent happening, I can tap into the right thing and reinitialize my page javascript.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to create custom Check Box  button image. After some research, I came across this code samplep  precodeltCheckBox androidididchkFav androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutmarginRight0dp androidbuttondrawablecheckbox               androidlayoutheightwrapcontent androidclickabletruegt codepre  pMy query is how to actually implement androidbutton in code. p  pI would appreciate any thoughts. Thanks. p
Negative 63 pI am attempting to parse some json I am getting back from a service. For example its returningp  precode         error          code  500,      message  Error Executing Task. Error executing tool.,      details  []     codepre  pAll I need is the text in the message field.  Using jayrock what is the easity way to get to the data.  I havep  precode Dim request As HttpWebRequest     Dim response As HttpWebResponse  Nothing     Dim jarray As Jayrock.Json.JsonObject request  DirectCastWebRequest.Createurl, HttpWebRequest         response  DirectCastrequest.GetResponse, HttpWebResponse          Dim reader As JsonTextReader  New JsonTextReaderNew StreamReaderresponse.GetResponseStream           jarray  Jayrock.Json.Conversion.JsonConvert.Importreader codepre  pwhat is the most efficant way of getting the message datap
Negative 63 pIs there any way to force the persistence order of objects in JPA 2 wHibernatep  pSay I have three classes codeParentcode, codeChildcode, and codeDeskcode.  codeParentcode owns collections of codeChildcode and codeDeskcode via codeOneToManycode a codeChildcode can have one codeDeskcode.  Furthermore, codeParentcode defines transitive persistence on both collections, but codeChildcode does not define transitive persistence on its codeDeskcodep  precodeclass Parent      OneToManycascadeCascadeType.ALL CollectionltChildgt children     OneToManycascadeCascadeType.ALL CollectionltDeskgt desks     ...   class Child      OneToOnecascade Desk desk     ManyToOne Parent parent   class Desk      ManyToOne Parent parent  codepre  pIdeally, Id like to create a Desk and a Child at the same time and persist the relationshipsp  precodeParent parent  em.find... Child child  new Child Desk desk  new Desk  add both desk and child to parent collections here  set Parent attribute on both desk and child codepre  pIf I execute the above code in a transaction, Hibernate cascades from codeParentcode to its new codeChildcode and attempts to persist the new codeChildcode object.  Unfortunately, this results in an object references an unsaved transient instance error, because the cascade from codeParentcode to codeDeskcode hasnt resulted in the new codeDeskcode object being persisted yet.p  pI know I can fix the problem with an EntityManager flush operation codeem.flushcode  create the codeChildcode, create the codeDeskcode, attach both to codeParentcode, codeem.flushcode, then attach the codeDeskcode to codeChildcode, but Im not superkeen on littering my code with codeem.flushcode to save complex graphs of new persistent objects.  Is there a different way to signal to JPA 2 or Hibernate that it should always persist the new codeDeskcode first instead of the new codeChildcodep
Negative 63 pI just ported a development version of my site over to production and its still showing old images and using ancient stylesheets. This is happening to everyone.p  pI triedp  precodeltMETA HTTPEQUIVPragma CONTENTnocachegt ltMETA HTTPEQUIVCacheControl CONTENTnocachegt ltMETA HTTPEQUIVPragmadirective CONTENTnocachegt ltMETA HTTPEQUIVCacheDirective CONTENTnocachegt ltMETA HTTPEQUIVExpires CONTENT0gt codepre  pAlso, because this is WordPress I just enqueue the css which adds the theme version at the end. so style.cssver2.0. p  pIm running this on IIS out of corporate necessity.p  pNone of these options seem to work properly. How can I load the page freshly and not from cache when users visit the sitep
Negative 63 pI am trying to use geocoding to take an address, work out the longitude and latitude and then display an overlay on the map.p  pI am using the below code, however the log entry Log.eFound,lat never triggers and Im not sure why. Can anybody help p  pThanks p  precodeprivate void showpins throws IOException       Geocoder gc  new Geocoderthis      String Address  Oxford Street, London      Log.eLat,Address          ListltAddressgt foundAdresses  gc.getFromLocationNameAddress, 5 Search addresses          int lat         int lon          for int i  0 i lt foundAdresses.size i               Address x  foundAdresses.geti             lat  int x.getLatitude             lon  int x.getLongitude              Log.eFound,lat      ListltOverlaygt mapOverlays  mapView.getOverlays     Drawable drawable  this.getResources.getDrawableR.drawable.pushpin     CustomizedItemOverlay itemizedOverlay       new CustomizedItemOverlaydrawable, this      GeoPoint point  new GeoPointlat, lon     OverlayItem overlayitem            new OverlayItempoint, Hello, Location      itemizedOverlay.addOverlayoverlayitem     mapOverlays.additemizedOverlay                 codepre
Negative 63 pAm I right in understanding that  1 Ideally, resolve method should be called  only once and build whole application graph at one bout. 2 Librarys classes should be ready for IoC tool publish all dependencies but should not use secretly any IoC containers  so the situations where we create container on any other layers except bootsrapper should be avoided.  3 Send of IContainer to subclusses for additional resolvings is also abortive decision.p  pThose principles are very logical for me, I share them. But I still have doubts in answering on this question why there are still used such concepts like..p  p1 transient lifetime  since we build infrastructure on startup all objects should live application lifetime and generally should be singletons if we need to create some per call objects then with IoC we resolve only theirs abstract factories, which should create per call infrastructure objects avoiding nested containers, and transient containers instances 2 subcontainers, parentchild containers 3 hierarchy life time.p  pNow I explain for my self that those concepts exists as solutions for no ideal world, but may be I miss somethingp
Negative 63 pI am looking to build a GWT based web application. Being new to GWT, am looking for suites that provide the best GWT widgets in terms of user experience, variety, styles, etc., to help build a web app. p  pI have come across SmartGWT, but looking for other optionssuggestions.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pMy Dojo app contains several widgets, which are all autoregistered in codedijit.registrycode an instance of a hrefhttpdojotoolkit.orgapi1.6dijitWidgetSet relnofollowdijit.WidgetSeta. I would like to make use of the codefiltercode a hrefhttpdojotoolkit.orgapi1.6dijitWidgetSetfilter relnofollowLinka or codemapcode a hrefhttpdojotoolkit.orgapi1.6dijitWidgetSetmap relnofollowLinka method to apply global changes to certain widgets filtered by a custom property pattern defined in the methods callback functions.p  pDumping the registry by codeconsole.logdijit.registrycode proves that it is filled with widgetsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9lOIH.png altconsole.logdijit.registryp  pJust to test the codefiltercode method I did the following exactly in the same scope as the above mentioned codeconsole.logdijit.registrycodep  precodevar widgets  dijit.registry.filterfunctionw, i      return true   console.logwidgets codepre  pBut I got the following outputp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhoRjE.png altenter image description herep  pSimilar behaviour when using the codemapcode methodp  precodevar widgets  dijit.registry.mapfunctionw      return w   console.logwidgets codepre  p... I get an empty array then.p  pWhats going on here, what went wrongp  pFYI Making single codeconsole.logwcode inside the callback functions doesnt output anything, they even arent invoked, meaning that codedijit.registrycode isnt even being iterated by the two methods.p  pcodeconsole.logdijit.registry.hashcode prints the object containing 12 properties widgets. codeforvar w in dijit.registry.hash   ...  code doesnt work at all  it misteriously doesnt jump into the loop.p
Negative 63 pHow to add to .get in JQuery error handling function  My request looks likep  precode.getwww.test.com, tempparameters, functiondata              alertdatadata[result]         ,json codepre  pbut there is no function if error happens. Where to add that function p
Negative 63 pI am developing a Socket.IObacked realtime application in Node.JS that will be used by couple of hundred users simultaneously at any given moment, and I need to store some basic details about each connected client and remove those details upon client disconnections.p  pI have read that using a keyvalue store such as Redis is the preferred choice for storing such data.p  pstrongWhy is storing data in a regular inapp variable object, e.g. codevar connectedClientsData  code bad compared to storing data in a keyvalue store such as Redisstrongp  pIs it only to support scaling e.g. multiple NodeJSbased application servers can connect to a single, central keyvalue store, or are there some more serious drawbacksp
Negative 63 pI have this .NET Framework C class that practically acts as a wrapper for TCP connections around the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryattbb8f5.aspx relnofollowSocketa class in the System.Net.Sockets namespace.p  pRecently I have migrated the API of this wrapper class to Silverlight, but because of the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarycc64503228vVS.9529.aspx relnofollowlimitationsa of the Socket class in Silverlight, as well as the normal trust restrictions with respect to avaiable ports, client access policy etc., I have only implemented network client support in my Silverlight version.p  pNow, with a hrefhttp10rem.netblog20110904thebiglistofwhatsneworimprovedinsilverlight5 relnofollowSilverlight 5 RCa, it has become possible to apply elevated trust even for inbrowser SL applications, which removes all the port and client access policy restrictions that I had to adhere to in SL 4.p  pMy question is, if there is also a way to implement some kind of network server support in my SL wrapper class More specifically, is there a way in Silverlight to mimic the Bind, Listen and Accept methods of the .NET Framework a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryattbb8f5.aspx relnofollowSocketa classp  pTo mimic Socket.Connect, I have used the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarybb53810228vVS.9529.aspx relnofollowConnectAsynca method in the Silverlight a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryattbb8f528vVS.9529.aspx relnofollowSocketa class. Could something similar be done for the BindListenAccept methods using e.g. a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.net.sockets.socket.receivefromasync28vVS.9529.aspx relnofollowReceiveFromAsyncap  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI have an app that has a loginlogout functionality.  Upon logout, I am clearing the entity variable.  How do I force the app to rerun the initial rule and display the login formp
Negative 63 pIm currently attempting to append a sorted list of items to a pygtk treestore. The list is a count of the times the number occurs in the original list, eg. 2 lots of 24p  pstrongGenerating the liststrongp  precodefrom collections import Counter c  CounteraSeries l  c.items l.sortkey  lambda item item[0] print l codepre  pstrongExample of list printedstrong p  precode[u1, 23, u2, 24, u3, 23, u4, 17, u5, 25, u6, 23, u7, 22] codepre  pstrongAttempting to appendstrong p  precodeself.treestore.appendpath, [l] codepre  pImage of list appended a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comf3BGU.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comf3BGU.pngap  pI would like the list to be appended like so p  precode 1 23  2 24  3 23  4 17  5 25 codepre  pHow can i modify the way the list is counted or printed so that it will play nicely with the syntax that treestore.append requires  p
Negative 63 pThe following call should try to hit getSomething. However, its hitting previousSomething, a url fetched previously via jQuery.ajax. I see the request to the old url go out, however neither the success nor the failure function is getting called.  p  precodejQuery.ajaxgetSomething,    success functioncartData     alertsuccess     movieCart  cartData     callbackcartData   ,   failure function     alertfailure     codepre  pThis code is running on a nasty corporate site which loads of scripts written by whoknows, multiple versions of jquery imported, etc. I suspect this is a problem called by the generally messy ecosystem my code is running in. Anybody have ideas about specifically what might be going on, or how to fix or even troubleshoot itp
Negative 63 pNothing actually prints that anywhere in my code. So far ive found it in only two places one of them beingp  precodeltli classspatiugt ltligt ltli classmementoligt      ltdiv idafisarealertegt     ltscript languagejavascriptgt         afisarealertephp     ltscriptgt ltdivgt  ltligt codepre  pand this is afisarealertephpp  precodexmlhttpalerte.onreadystatechangefunction      if xmlhttpalerte.readyState  4                                                          ifdocument.getElementByIdafisarealerte.innerHTMLxmlhttpalerte.responseText                    schimbaretipcursordefault          else         schimbaretipcursorprogress       codepre  pwell the ajax part of it.p  pthe file it loads is p  precodeltphp     echo     0 Notificari  gt codepre  pand the output p  precode 0 Notificari codepre
Negative 63 pIve got a simple login system going with php sessions. The issue Im having is even after hitting logout, I can still go back to the previous page by hitting the back button.p  pThe way Im logging out is done by the following...p  precodeltphp sessionstart   sessionunset   sessiondestroy  headerLocation .login.php  redirect to login page.  gt codepre  pHow do I completely delete a session..p
Negative 63 pAs a long time Python programmer, I wonder, if a central aspect of Python culture eluded me a long time What do we do instead of Makefilesp  pMost rubyprojects Ive seen not just rails use emRakeem, shortly after emnode.jsem became popular, there was emcakeem. In many other not only compliled languages there are classic emMakeem files.p  pBut in Python, noone seems to need such infrastructure. I randomly picked Python projects on GitHub, and they had no automation, besides the installtion, provided by codesetup.pycode.p  pstrongWhats the reason behind thisstrongp  pIs there nothing to automate Do most programmers prefer to run stylechecks, tests, etc. manuallyp  pSome examplesp  ul licodedependeciescode sets up a virtualenv and installs the dependenciesli licodecheckcode calls the codepep8code and codepylintcode commandlinetools.li lithe codetestcode task depends on codedependenciescode enables the virtualenv, starts seleniumserver for the integration tests, and calls codenosetestcodeli lithe codecoffeescriptcode task compiles all coffeescripts to minified javascriptli lithe coderunservercode task depends on codedependenciescode and codecoffeescriptcodeli lithe codedeploycode task depends on codecheckcode and codetestcode and deploys the project.li lithe codedocscode task calls sphinx with the appropiate argumentsli ul  pSome of them are just one or twoliners, but imho, they add up. Due to the Makefile, i dont have to remember them.p  pTo clarify Im not looking for a Python equivalent for Rake. Im glad with paver. Im looking for the reasons.p
Negative 63 pI have a dynamically generated page where I want to use a static JavaScript and pass it a JSON string as a parameter. I have seen this approach used by Google see a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6713197googles1buttonhowdotheydoitGoogles 1 Button How do they do ita.p  pBut how should I read the JSON string from the JavaScriptp  precodelthtmlgt   ltheadgt     ltscript srcjquery1.6.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcmyscript.jsgtorg 10, items[one,two]ltscriptgt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt     Hello   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIn this JavaScript I would like to use the JSON argument codeorg 10, items[one,two]code from the HTML document. I dont know if its best to do it with jQuery or without.p  precodefunction       read JSON      alertthe json is  codepre
Negative 63 pId heard some discussion on a Ruby podcast about a debugger that allowed you to use linux style commands to traverse through an object.  Like for example you have a object, with attributes foo and bar, you can actually cd to foo, ls to view its attributes, cd to another object, etc etc.  But I cant find this for the life of mep  pDoes anyone know the name of this debugger, or any other good alternativesp
Negative 63 pIm using the Logger class in Rubys standard library.br a hrefhttprubylearning.comsatishtalimrubylogging.html relnofollowhttprubylearning.comsatishtalimrubylogging.htmlabr I rotate a log file weekly.br br If the size of a log file become larger, will the processing time of loging become longerbr Or will more CPU or memory be required p
Negative 63 pI have created a database project in my asp.net MVC 3 solution using Visual studio 2010. When I try to deploy it, all my tables and data is added as well in sql server 2008. Only asp.net users table and aspnet membership table data is not added in sql server only deploy using Visual studio 2010. p  pPlease suggest me how can I assign permissions so that aspnet tables also get data. Right now, If I try to deploy, I get this error when deploy process reaches aspnet users and aspnet membership tablesp  precode    Creating the aspnetApplications table...     Creating the aspnetUsers table...     Creating the aspnetSchemaVersions table...     Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, informationschema, sys, or yourself.     Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, informationschema, sys, or yourself.       0 rows affected        1 rows affected      Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, informationschema, sys, or yourself.     Creating the vwaspnetApplications view...     Creating the vwaspnetUsers view...     Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, informationschema, sys, or yourself.     Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, informationschema, sys, or yourself.          Completed execution of InstallCommon.SQL               Starting execution of InstallMembership.SQL          Creating the aspnetMembership table...     Creating the vwaspnetMembershipUsers view...     Cannot grant, deny, or revoke permissions to sa, dbo, entity owner, informationschema, sys, or yourself.       0 rows affected codepre
Negative 63 pAlthough Ive not a complete newbie in SQL or MySQL I notice that theres still quite a bit to learn. I cannot get my head around this one, after much trying, reading and searching. If you can give any pointers, Id be grateful. p  pI have simplified the actual data and tables to the following. p  pTwo tables are relevant Staff, and Work. They contain data on staff in various projects. p  pStaff p  precodeID  Name    Unit       1   Smith   Chicago 2   Clarke  London 3   Hess    Chicago codepre  pWorkp  precodeStaffID   ProjectID  1          10 2          10 3          10 1          20 2          30 3          40 1          50 3          50 codepre  pGoalp  pTo get grouped all those projects where there are staff from Chicago, with the count of all staff in that project.p  pExpected resultp  precodeProject  Staff count  10        3 20        1 40        1 50        2 codepre  pSo the project 30 is not listed because its members are not from Chicago.p  pMy query below is obviously wrong. It counts only those project members who are from Chicago, not the whole project staff.p  precodeSELECT      work.projectID as Project, COUNT as Staff count  FROM      staff  JOIN     work ON staff.IDwork.staffID WHERE     unitChicago GROUP BY     work.projectID codepre
Negative 63 pThis might be a strange case but I want to sometimes reuse the same instance when getting exports with MEF and sometimes create a new.p  pBasicly I have a WCF service class the is instance per call. Each instance imports a RepositoryFactory which will also be new instance per service class. I return a Repository in the Factory and a repository gets a IDbContext injected.p  pI want each instance of the Factory to inject the same instance of IDbContext but have seperate instances between Factory instances.p  pSop  precode1 Factory1 is created 2 Factory1 creates Repository11 that gets IDbContext1 injected 3 Factory1 creates Repository12 that gets IDbContext1 injected 4 Factory2 is created 5 Factory2 creates Repository21 that gets IDbContext2 injected 6 Factory2 creates Repository22 that gets IDbContext2 injected codepre  pThis should ensures that Repositories created from the same factory share a Unit of Work.p  pBut being new to MEF Im not sure how I would go about doing that.p  hr  pstrongEDITstrongp  pThis is what I gotp  precodepublic class RepositoryFactory      private readonly CompositionContainer container      [ImportRequiredCreationPolicyCreationPolicy.NonShared]     private readonly IDbContext context      public IRepositoryltTgt CreateRepositoryltTgt where T  class, IEntity              Somehow add the context instance into the Repository import          return container.GetExportedValueltEntityRepositoryltTgtgt       codepre  pand then p  precodepublic class EntityRepositoryltTgt  IRepositoryltTgt where T  class, IEntity       Perhaps a contract name might help     [ImportRequiredCreationPolicyCreationPolicy.Shared]     protected readonly IDbContext context codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to override the default implementation of the rawendraw block tag in jinja2. I am familiar with how to write custom tag extensions, but in this case my extension is not firing the default implementation of the raw tag is still being called.  Can this even be done If not, can someone point me to where in the source the raw tag is implemented so I can patch it to fit my needs.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI am working on ActionScript 3.0 and came across a doubt. We can have 2 images in a single cell of datagrid via itemRenderer property.p  pI want to show an icon as a superscript to some text present in the cell itself.p  pHow can this be written  Please help me out.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI guess you all know how tables look like in phpmyadmin Im talking about the html tables which show the structure and data of the SQL tables. Im looking to add a similar functionality to my html tables in which if the user clicks the table row, a checkbox on the left of the table would be checked, and if they click it again, the checkbox would turn to the default state which is unchecked, just like in phpmyadmin interface. Also tr color should change upon row click and change again to the default color specified by the css after the second click, again the same way it works in phpmyadmin. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pConsider this codep  precodeinclude ltmemorygt include ltiostreamgt  class A  public     Aint data  datadata      stdcout ltlt A ltlt data ltlt  ltlt stdendl      A  stdcout ltlt A ltlt stdendl      void a  stdcout ltlt data ltlt stdendl  private     int data   class B  public     B anew A13  stdcout ltlt B ltlt stdendl      B  stdcout ltlt B ltlt stdendl      stdfunctionltvoidgt getf              return []  agta       private     stdsharedptrltAgt a   int main      stdfunctionltvoidgt f              B b         f  b.getf          f     return 0  codepre  pHere it looks like Im capturing codeacode shared pointer by value, but when I run it on Linux GCC 4.6.1, this is printedp  precodeA13 B B A 0 codepre  pObviously, 0 is wrong, because A is already destroyed. It looks like codethiscode is actually captured and is used to look up codethisgtacode. My suspicion is confirmed when I change the capture list from code[]code to code[,a]code. Then the correct output is printed and the lifetime of the objects is as expectedp  precodeA13 B B 13 A codepre  pstrongThe questionstrongp  pIs this behaviour specified by the standard, implementationdefined, or undefined Or Im crazy and its something entirely differentp
Negative 63 pI have started using a hrefhttpscrapy.orgScrapya to scrape a few websites. If I later add a new field to my model or change my parsing functions, Id like to be able to replay the downloaded raw data offline to scrape it again. It looks like Scrapy had the ability to store raw data in a replay file at one pointp  pa hrefhttpdev.scrapy.orgbrowserscrapytrunkscrapycommandcommandsreplay.pyrev168httpdev.scrapy.orgbrowserscrapytrunkscrapycommandcommandsreplay.pyrev168ap  pBut this functionality seems to have been removed in the current version of Scrapy. Is there another way to achieve thisp
Negative 63 pIm trying to capture output from using Perls codesystemcode function to execute and redirect a system commands ouptut to a file, but for some reason Im not getting the whole output.p  pIm using the following methodp  precodesystemexample.exe gtoutput.txt codepre  pWhats wrong with this code, or is there an alternative way of doing the same thingp
Negative 63 pI want to compare the pixel of the two different images. I am comparing the pixel of first image with all the pixels of the second Image, here is my code stuff.p  precode    for int i  0 i lt bitmap.getWidth i          for int j  0 j lt bitmap.getHeight j               for int k  0  kltbitmpa2.getWidth k                                 for int l  0  lltbitmpa2.getHeight l                               if bitmap.getPixeli, j bitmap2.getPixelk, l                                Counter                                                          codepre  pHere the value of Counter is the number of pixels that are same in both the Images. The problem is that this works but it takes much time to perform it, so time constraint is the problem here, So what can I have to reduce the time and get exact result. Any other possibility is welcome. Thanks.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to connect an iOS device with a server trough TCP. I am currently using the function emCFStreamCreatePairWithSocketToHostem. My problem is that i want to set the local port that the iOS device needs to use. Is there anyone who has experience with this and could tell me how to do thisp
Negative 63 psuddenly my site show new warning p  pstrongThe relevant codestrongp  precodeprintf ltinput typetext nameCComment value . myComment .   gt codepre  pstrongThe warning I getstrongp  ul liWarning printf function.printf Too few argumentsli ul  pprobably because myComment is null.p  ol lipI know I Can fix it if I first test if the value is null, and only then conctenate it. but is there a simpler waypli lipWhy did not I get this warning before pli ol  pThanks,p  pAtarap  pEDIT sorry, wrong title. The problem was that myComment was not NULL, it contained special character.p
Negative 63 pIm retrieving a PHP file using filegetcontent, cURL or fopen all return PHP code itself. Its not retrieving just the HTML code itself that PHP is outputting. How can I overcome this pleasep  pIts basically generating an HTML newsletter preview for my customer that is generated from their CMS. However I want them to be able to copy and paste the HTML it generates into Mailchimp or such like. It just fetches the entire PHP source code though as well as the HTML p  pHope you can help.p  pThanks in anticipation.p  pPetep
Negative 63 pIm sure there was a requestwide codeobjectcodebased storage medium, similar to codeHttpContext.Current.Sessioncode, that persisted globally just for the life of a single request, but I cannot for the life of me remember it.p
Negative 63 pIve been looking and cant find the answer.  I have a ASPxGrid on a modalDialog.  When the dialog closes i want to return the data and if possible the fields behind the columns in the selected row.  I cant figure out how to pass the rowdata object back in the showModalDialog return valuep  pThanks Charlesp
Negative 63 pIm working on a small app that will allow the user to login to the App, allow the app OAuth access to a service, then interact with the service using the app via email.p  pIve successfully enabled Oauth using gdata and gdata.gauth and can storerecover the Oauth token and userid easily when the user is logged in.p  pHowever, when receiving an email, I try to get the userid by creating a codeusers.Useremailsenders.emailgmail.comcode but end up getting a None value for the userid.p  piep  pwhen logged inp  precodecurrentuser  users.getcurrentuser currentuser.userid this is a valid id when the user is logged in codepre  pwhen receiving an email using the mail handlerp  precodecurrentuser  users.Useremailsender.emailgmail.com currentuser.userid this returns None codepre  pAny hints on how to make this workp
Negative 63 pI found a hrefhttpbobobobo.wordpress.com20090302howtoloadapngimageinc relnofollowthis tutoriala, but when I copy code to my C project, there are many errorsp  precode Build Debug in Tekstury123   Compiling main.cpp CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp7 warning ignoring pragma comment  Linking console executable binDebugTekstury123.exe objDebugmain.o In function main CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp20 undefined reference to impilInit0 CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp24 undefined reference to impilLoadImage4 CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp34 undefined reference to impilGetError0 CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp36 undefined reference to impilGetString4 CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp39 undefined reference to impilGetInteger4 CUserspiotrekDocumentsCodeBlocks ProjectsTekstury123main.cpp41 undefined reference to impilGetData0 collect2 ld returned 1 exit status Process terminated with status 1 0 minutes, 0 seconds 6 errors, 1 warnings codepre  pHow can I fix this errors Can you help mebr I use Windows, CodeBlocks.p
Negative 63 pI am dynamically creating a large stylesheet as a string and desiring to injecting it into an iframe. Initially I approached it like thisp  precodevar css  .newstyle  margin 20px  .newstyle2  margin 20px  iframe.contents.findhead.appendltstyle typetextcssgtcssltstylegt codepre  pUnfortunately, IE7 does not like this method. Im not sure how else to approach this injection. Is there a crossbrowser solution that will enable me to inject a mass of CSS from a stringp
Negative 63 pId like to iterate over a character list. The character list should be a subset of a Unicode character set. Unicode have a lot of codes, and AFAIK Unicode includes all characters for all cultures.p  pWhat I want is to select a certain subset of Unicode characters depending on a specific culture, since a specific culture doesnt use all Unicode characters.p  pIs this possiblep  pIm trying to draw a set of characters for OpenGL texture generation. In this way I can render font glyphs with OpenGL using a texture very simple, enought fast. Im already supporting ASCII character set, since there are less than 256 displayable characters, but with Unicode I need to select a subset of characters, otherwise the resulting OpenGL texture will be unmanageable.p  pWhat Im trying is to select a subset of Unicode characters depending on the requested culture. I cannot think about another top level filter except the culture.p
Negative 63 pi make a simple scroller but when i create the second scrooler, the first stop working, the code is here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net3aZLE3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net3aZLE3a  Thanks so muchp
Negative 63 pI have the coordinates of a player and another object. Both are with geographical coordinates Latitude and longitude. I have also the direction in what the player is facing compass. How can I calculate the angle to the other object from the player direction e.g. I want to know if the object is to the rightleft of the player and how many degrees.p  pThanks a lotp
Negative 63 pI wish to set the Inputbinding of a listViewitem ... It should be a Keyborad binding and not a mouse binding...  p  pI want to Execute a function in my view model when the User selectes an item and presses codeEntercode Key  p  h1Style for ListViewItemh1  precode    ltStyle xKeyComponentResourceKey TypeInTargetAssemblyxType CustomViewPlainView,                                     ResourceIdImageViewItem                   TargetTypexType ListViewItem BasedOnStaticResource xType ListViewItemgt      ltSetter PropertyHorizontalContentAlignment ValueCenter gt     ltSetter PropertyFocusVisualStyle ValueStaticResource ListViewItemFocusVisual gt     ltSetter PropertyBorderBrush ValueTransparent gt     ltSetter PropertyBorderThickness Value1 gt     ltSetter PropertyMargin Value0,0,0,1 gt     ltSetter PropertyPadding Value5,2,5,2 gt     ltSetter PropertyVerticalContentAlignment ValueCenter gt     ltSetter PropertyFocusable ValueFalsegtltSettergt     ltSetter PropertyTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt             ltControlTemplate TargetTypexType ListViewItemgt                 ltBorder xNameborder                         BorderBrushTemplateBinding BorderBrush                         BorderThicknessTemplateBinding BorderThickness                         CornerRadius2                         SnapsToDevicePixelstruegt                     ltGrid Margin2,0,2,0gt                         ltRectangle xNameBackgroundGradientOver                                    FillDynamicResource MouseOverBrush                                    Opacity0                                    RadiusX1                                    RadiusY1                                    StrokeDynamicResource MouseOverBorderBrush gt                         ltRectangle xNameBackgroundGradientSelectedDisabled                                    FillDynamicResource ListItemSelectedBrush                                    Opacity0                                    RadiusX1                                    RadiusY1                                    StrokeDynamicResource ListItemSelectedBorderBrush gt                         ltRectangle xNameBackgroundGradientSelected                                    FillDynamicResource PressedBrush                                    Opacity0                                    RadiusX1                                    RadiusY1                                    StrokeDynamicResource PressedBorderBrush                                    StrokeThickness1 gt                         ltContentPresenter xNamecontentPresenter                                       MarginTemplateBinding Padding                                       HorizontalAlignmentTemplateBinding HorizontalContentAlignment                                       ContentTemplateBinding Content                                       ContentTemplateTemplateBinding ContentTemplate gt                     ltGridgt                 ltBordergt             ltControlTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt     ltSettergt     ltSetter PropertyForeground ValueDynamicResource OutsideFontColor gt ltStylegt codepre  h1My DataTemplateh1  precodeltDataTemplate xKeycentralTilegt      ltStackPanel Width80                 Height40                 KeyboardNavigation.AcceptsReturnTruegt         ltStackPanel.InputBindingsgt             ltKeyBinding KeyEnter CommandBinding PathDataContext.KeyCommand, RelativeSourceRelativeSource ModeFindAncestor,AncestorTypexType Window CommandParameterBindinggtltKeyBindinggt         ltStackPanel.InputBindingsgt         ltGridgt                           ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                 ltColumnDefinition Width30 gt                 ltColumnDefinition Width gt             ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltButton CommandBinding PathDataContext.KeyCommand, RelativeSourceRelativeSource ModeFindAncestor,AncestorTypexType Window                             CommandParameterBindinggt                 ltTextBlock TextBinding PathName gt             ltButtongt             ltImage Grid.Column1 SourceWater lilies.jpg gt         ltGridgt         ltTextBlock HorizontalAlignmentCenter                    FontSize13                    TextBinding PathName gt     ltStackPanelgt ltDataTemplategt codepre  pI Cant Seem to find a way to do it... p  pI attached my InputBinding in DataTemplate as well has in Style Nothing Works  p  precode            ltKeyBinding KeyEnter CommandBinding PathDataContext.KeyCommand, RelativeSourceRelativeSource ModeFindAncestor,AncestorTypexType Window CommandParameterBindinggtltKeyBindinggt  codepre
Negative 63 pCan anyone help me to understand why the reveal button here is not doing its job and revealing everythingp  pAlso, if you have a better suggestion for a method to hide  reveal all but a few elements that would appreciatedp  pMy JSFiddle example is much easier to understand... a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netqp7HB relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netqp7HBap  precodehide.clickfunction     body gt notreveal.notthis.hide     test1.addthis.appendTobody       reveal.clickfunction     body.show  codepre
Negative 63 pI am facing an issue with FB Like button. I used below code to add Like functionality to my page. I used Object Id of the post in href see below code p  precodeltfblike hrefPAGEID240688205986585 layoutbuttoncount showfacesfalse width450 actionlike colorschemelight gt  codepre  pBut Once I click Like button the post will get liked on FB but the strongPost To Facebookstrong prompt comes with below message strongYou like PAGEID240688205986585strong. The URL is an invalid URL. p  pAny thoughts on this issuep
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4375982convertingtimestampasstringtodateinandroidConverting Timestamp as String to Date in androida  p blockquote    pMy server is returning a timestamp 1322400600 in String, In my android application, i need to convert it like Nov 27, 2011 0700am. I dont know how to do this please help me out.p  p Thanks AvMishrap  pstrongSolutionsstrongp  pI used following code to get the desired valuep  precodelong dv  Long.valueOftimestampinstring1000 its need to be in milisecond Date df  new java.util.Datedv String vv  new SimpleDateFormatMM dd, yyyy hhmma.formatdf codepre  pgreat help by Che Jamip
Negative 63 pIm trying to use tabifier in my rails app so I havep  precodelt stylesheetlinktag example, exampleprint gt lt javascriptincludetag tabber.js gt  ltscriptgt   Optional Temporarily hide the tabber class so it does not flash    on the page as plain HTML. After tabber runs, the class is changed    to tabberlive and it will appear.   document.writetabberdisplaynone ltscriptgt  ltdiv classtabbergt       ltdiv classtabbertabgt     lth2gtTab 1lth2gt     lt formforresource, as gt resourcename, url gt registrationpathresourcename, html gt  method gt put  do f gt       lt deviseerrormessages gt       ltdivgtlt f.label peeruser gtltbr gt       lt f.select peeruser, [[Not yet,not yet],[Beginner,beginner],[Intermediate,intermediate],[Expert,expert]] gtltdivgt        ltdivgtlt f.label discipline gtltbr gt       lt f.textfield discipline gtltdivgt        ltdivgtlt f.label course gtltbr gt       lt f.textfield course gtltdivgt        ltdivgtlt f.label concept gtltbr gt       lt f.select concept, [[Yes,yes],[No,no]] gtltdivgt        ltdivgtlt f.submit Continue gtltdivgt     lt end gt      ltdivgt        ltdiv classtabbertabgt     lth2gtTab 2lth2gt     ltpgtTab 2 content.ltpgt      ltdivgt        ltdiv classtabbertabgt     lth2gtTab 3lth2gt     ltpgtTab 3 content.ltpgt      ltdivgt  ltdivgt  lt linkto Back, back gt codepre  pAnd I cant figure out why its not loading correctly like the examplesp  pa hrefhttpwww.barelyfitz.comprojectstabber relnofollowhttpwww.barelyfitz.comprojectstabberap  pI put the javascript if under publicjavascripts and the css under publicstylesheets  like it just shows the text, none of it is linkable and it displays all the form information.p
Negative 63 pHello This is a particular question, and I do not know if jQuery can help me, or if even CSS would be enough in this case.p  pI have a link from a page that goes to another page, pointing to a link anchorp  precodelta titleCreazione Siti ECommerce hrefhttpmysite.comitserviziecommercegt codepre  pgoes to the anchor link in the page itservizip  pEverything is fine here.p  pWhat I want to achieve isp  pThe new page will scroll to the anchor using the jQuery scroll animation. So I should be able to tell to the jQuery code that when in the URL it finds an anchor like a hrefhttpmysite.comitserviziecommerce relnofollowhttpmysite.comitserviziecommercea it will animate the scrolling.p  pSecond point is that when it finds this kind of URL a hrefhttpmysite.comitserviziecommerce relnofollowhttpmysite.comitserviziecommercea, the jQuery code will add a new class to a specific element in the page.  I need it to change the color of the text, to help the user to see what has been selected, in this case ecommercep  pIts difficult to explain. I hope someone will understand my point p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI just want to know which is max length of field name of a collectionp  precode     id ....,     name00000000000000000 Eric  codepre  pwhich is max length of name0000000......0000  p
Negative 63 pUsing PHP, I have a form containing a simple list of items with a checkbox for each.  My issue is that this list must be paginated and as the user pages back and forth, the checkboxes need to be sticky.  Do I need to use ajax and update a session variable for each checkbox click, or is using cookies a better approachp  pWhats the best way to accomplish thisp  pThanks, Brianp
Negative 63 pI have been tearing my hair out over the last couple of days. Just as a quick outline of the problem. I am using JqGrid 4.2.0 latest version at the time of writing. In a single page, I have two grids. One on the left, looking to act as the navigator. I want to load the data on the righthand grid with data determined by the row ID of the item clicked on the left hand side.p  pMy problem is that the first selected row ID gets stuck and all ajax calls in future are the same identical rowid for example if first selected row was 514, every other selected row will output 514 on the ajax call to load the other grid, if first selected was 513, all others 513, etcp  pI suspect it might be some kind of variables crossing or somesuch as I placed alert calls for testing throughout the execution and they all alert the correct ID number until the point where the next grid is loaded, at which point the row ID becomes the erroneous one.p  pHere is my code belowp  pFirst segment is the initial list on the left with the OnSelectRow call, and the second section of code is for the data grid on the right hand side which actuall holds the datap  precoderenderImportsList  functionurl, data, firstrow  var cnames  data.names var cmodel  data.model currentrow  firstrow importsgrid.jqGrid     url url  amptypelist,     caption Imports,     datatype json,     colNames cnames,     colModel cmodel,     recordtext ltbgtImports 1ltbgt,     autowidth true,     rowNum 10000,     toolbar [true,top],     pager importsgridpager,     pgbuttons false,     pginput false,     viewrecords true,     multiselect false,     sortorder desc,     sortable true,     onSelectRow functionrowid          if rowid  firstrow              if   firstrow.hasClassuistatehighlight                   firstrow.removeClassuistatehighlight                  setTimeoutfunction                Display import items             var itype  checkpoint                             alertrowid  This returns the right row ID so far             renderImportItemsurl, rowid, itype         , 500     ,     loadComplete function          importsgrid tr.cssbordercolor, 666         tr.jqgroup.cssbackground, e9efff         tr.jqfoot.cssbackground, ced5e9         importsgrid tr.jqfoot td.cssborderright, none         timportsgrid.csspaddingbottom, 3px         importsgrid.setSelectionfirstrow, true         importsgrid.triggerreloadGrid  Call to fix clientside sorting            importsgrid.jqGridnavGrid,importsgridpager,editfalse,addfalse,delfalse,searchfalse importsgrid.triggerreloadGrid  Call to fix clientside sorting sizeGridimportsgrid codepre  pp  pThis part executes fine, the rowid at this stage is what I clicked on, according to the alert placed above. Below is the second function which is called from inside OnSelectRow in the function above.p  precoderenderImportItems  functionurl, rowid, itype  .ajax     url srvrname  applicationsPMSviewsviewimports  itype  .php,     success functiondata          var cnames   data.names         var cmodel   data.model                     alertrowid  Here, the code still executes the right row ID         checkpointgrid.jqGrid             url url  amprid  rowid  amptype  itype,              This is where it breaks. No matter what, I keep getting rowid to equal whichever row was selected the very first time the grid was clicked or loaded programatically onload             datatype json,             colNames cnames,             colModel cmodel,             recordtext ltbgtTotal 1ltbgt,             autowidth true,             rowNum 500,             pager   itype  gridpager,             pgbuttons false,             pginput false,             viewrecords true,             multiselect false,             sortorder desc,             sortable true,             loadComplete function                    itype  grid tr.cssbordercolor, 666                 tr.jqgroup.cssbackground, e9efff                 tr.jqfoot.cssbackground, ced5e9                   itype  grid tr.jqfoot td.cssborderright, none                   itype  grid.triggerreloadGrid  Call to fix clientside sorting                                  itype  grid.jqGridnavGrid,  itype  gridpager,editfalse,addfalse,delfalse,searchfalse           itype  grid.triggerreloadGrid  Call to fix clientside sorting         sizeGriditype  grid       codepre  pp  pAs you can see above at the point at which the first alert is called it is still outputting the correct ID number, but as soon as the second grid is initialized the ID returns to whatever it was inintially set on the very first call.p  pAny help provided would be greatly appreciated. If it helps, here are some firebug outputs to demonstrate the issue...p  pDomain name removed for privacyp  pFirst load programmatic firstrow selected  514 Response mydomain.comviewsviewgrid.phprid514amptypecheckpointampsearchfalseampnd1321336809180amprows500amppage1ampsidxampsorddescp  pClicked row selected row  503 Response mydomain.comviewsviewgrid.phprid514amptypecheckpointampsearchfalseampnd1321336863994amprows500amppage1ampsidxampsorddescp  pClicked row selected row  510 Response mydomain.comviewsviewgrid.phprid514amptypecheckpointampsearchfalseampnd1321336864848amprows500amppage1ampsidxampsorddescp
Negative 63 pI am using Jquery codecolorboxcode plugin at my HTML application. There are two divs at my page. One is at codeleftcode and one is at coderightcode. I want that. At the beginning coderight divs display is nonecode. When I click somewhere at my left div right codedivs display becomes blockcode. However because of the size of colorbox place second div displays under first div and a scrollbar appears. I dont want that I want it to locate at right I mean codeI want colorbox to calculate its width again automaticallycode If possible I dont want to declare a width to fix itp  pAny ideasp  pstrongPS 1strong My left and right divs cssp  precode.left      float left     display inline   .right      float right     display inline  codepre  pWhen I dont hide I use Jquery code.showcode second divright divp  blockquote   pone of is at right other at left. p blockquote  pHowever when I hide I use Jquery code.hidecode second and after I show it I do code.colorbox.resizecode my second div appears at bottom of first onenot at right.p  pstrongPS 2strong I get my colorbox content from an external filep
Negative 63 pI have a Bitbucket account for my 95 job and I also have a personal Bitbucket account. My goal is to be able to use both on the same computer. I have installed the latest git on a Windows 7 pc.p  pSo currently everything with my companies Bitbucket account works fine, I can pullpush with no problems. I created a new ssh key using sshkeygen and assigned a new name in my case tech. But I am having issues on how to tell a local repo to use the new ssh key I created. I am assuming everytime I try to connect it uses the first ssh key.p  pI get the errorp  p git push conq repository access denied. fatal The remote end hung up unexpectedlyp  pI found some advice on the internet but it seems to relate to a linuxgit setup, for example I cant find the config file on windows. p
Negative 63 pWe are currently using HTML5 to implement facebook comments on our website.  All of our comments are going to the moderation queue even though our settings say Make every post public by default.p  pThis is the code we havep  precodeltdiv idfbroot class fbresetgtltscript async srchttpsconnect.facebook.netenUSall.jsxfbml1gtltscriptgtltdiv styleposition absolute top 10000px height 0px width 0px gtltdivgtltdivgt  ltdiv classfbcomments  fbiframewidget datahrefhttpsanza.mybasis.compost4eca892cb618221d6b004d67 datanumposts2 datawidth716 parsedbybasisviewtruegtltspangt codepre  pOur facebook settings can be seen here    img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comFpRob.png althttpwww.flickr.comphotosgrowpower6380198675p  pAnyone have any ideas  p
Negative 63 pstrongProblem strongbr I am unable to connect to a TLS enabled webservice endpoint using C.net on windows7.  Fiddler request and response are p  prequest   p  blockquote   pemCONNECT myendpoint9443 HTTP1.1br   Host myendpoint9443br   ProxyConnection KeepAliveem  p blockquote  pand heres the response p  blockquote   pemHTTP1.1 502 Connection failedbr   Connection closebr   Timestamp 185429.909emp blockquote  pemHTTPS connection failed.emp  blockquote   pSystem.Net.Sockets.SocketExceptionbr   emNo connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it 9443embr      emat Fiddler.ServerChatter.CreateConnectedSocketIPAddress[] arrDestIPs, Int32 iPortem, Session oSessionbr      at Fiddler.Session.handleHTTPSConnect  p blockquote  pMy client is a .net desktopconsole application. I am strongnotstrong confident that i have done the client side TLSCertificate setupconfiguration correctly. Also I have a few unanswered questions.br I have done the following  p  pI have a TLS enabled endpoint of a internet web service. In order to communicate properly, I have been provided 4 things   p  p1 ca.cert.pem  The public certificate from the CAbr 2 myname.cert.pem  My public certificatebr 3 myname.key.pem  My private keybr 4 A password  mypassword  p  pI have also been gives certificate request .csr and the parameters used to generate my certificate.  p  pAfter reading up on TLS related stuff I figured this is what I need to do   p  pstep1 Use Openssl to convert the ca.cert.pem to a .cer file and addimport it to Local Computers Trusted Root Certificate Authorities so that the CA is trusted now onwards.  p  pstep2 Combine myname.cert.pem and myname.key.pem into a .pkcs12 by doingbr emopenssl pkcs12 export out keystore.pkcs12 in myname.cert.pem inkey myname.key.pemem. This asks for a password where i use mypassword.  p  pstep3 Add the keystore.pkcs12 to the Personal Certificates here it asks for a password and i give mypassword   p  pThe thumbprint of the certificate added in the step3 is fef4ab753a11a30a6c4342e63e00f237ef0818c1p  pNow, here are app.config changes that i have madep  precodeltbindingsgt   ltwsHttpBindinggt     ltbinding nameMyHTTPSEndpointBinding closeTimeout000100      openTimeout000100 receiveTimeout001000 sendTimeout000100      bypassProxyOnLocalfalse transactionFlowfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard      maxBufferPoolSize2147483647 maxReceivedMessageSize2147483647 messageEncodingText      textEncodingutf8 useDefaultWebProxytrue allowCookiesfalsegt       ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength2147483647 maxArrayLength2147483647        maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount2147483647 gt       ltreliableSession orderedtrue inactivityTimeout001000        enabledfalse gt       ltsecurity modeTransportgt         lttransport clientCredentialTypeCertificate proxyCredentialTypeNone          realm gt         ltmessage clientCredentialTypeWindows negotiateServiceCredentialtrue          establishSecurityContexttrue gt       ltsecuritygt     ltbindinggt   ltwsHttpBindinggt ltbindingsgt  ltclientgt   ltendpoint addresshttpsmyendpoint9443myService    bindingwsHttpBinding bindingConfigurationMyHTTPSEndpointBinding    contractMyNs.myClass nameMyHTTPSEndpoint behaviorConfigurationclientBehaviour gt ltclientgt  ltbehaviorsgt   ltendpointBehaviorsgt     ltbehavior nameclientBehaviourgt       ltclientCredentialsgt         ltclientCertificate findValuefef4ab753a11a30a6c4342e63e00f237ef0818c1    storeLocationLocalMachine    storeNameMy    x509FindTypeFindByThumbprint gt        ltclientCredentialsgt     ltbehaviorgt   ltendpointBehaviorsgt ltbehaviorsgt codepre  pSo does it seem I have missed any crucial step  I have some knowledge gaps  p  p1 My understanding is The public and private key combination i have is only useful for communication from server to client. How does the client to server message encryption work  Where does my client get the public key from the server which needs to be used for message encryption p  p2 Is the password required to be provided in the config somewhere  Just guessing..p
Negative 63 pi used the code below to register for push notification inside codeapplicationdidFinishLaunchingWithOptionscode but nothing happens why p  pThe code p  precode    [[UIApplication sharedApplication] registerForRemoteNotificationTypes  UIRemoteNotificationTypeSound  UIRemoteNotificationTypeAlert] codepre  pand my Push Notification setting is on.p
Negative 63 pTrying to learn how to use JSON and parse the json data.i am using codegooglegsoncode API to parse my json data.p  pi am getting my JSON data in the following formatp  precodeguidurihttpsocial.yahooapis.comv1meguid,value123456789 codepre  pand here is my parsing code using codegooglegsoncodep  precodeGson gsonnew Gson MyGuid myGuidnew MyGuid myGuidgson.fromJsonresponse.getBody, MyGuid.class  public class MyGuid   public MyGuid     private String value  public String getValue      return value   public void setValueString value      this.value  value  codepre  pp  pbut i am getting the value of guid as null. I know i am doing wrong but being new to JSON format is what making me more confused.p  pAny help in this regard will be helpful.p
Negative 63 pNote I dont talk about sharing variables between Activities or the need to save them permanently.p  pIm developing an app that uses a 3DEngine. All my rendering takes place in one renderer class. I have several objects such as a camera, a light, a framebuffer which I need in several methods and have therefore declared them as class membersp  precodepublic class Renderer .. private Camera camera  null private Light sun  null private Matrix someMatrix  new Matrix  private void onSurfaceChangedGL10 gl, int width, int height     ...     sun  new Lightx,y,z,color     camera  new Cameraarg1, arg2   public void onDrawFrameGL10 arg0       someMatrix  getRandomValues     ...        codepre  pIs this the correct way to do this Or should I rather pass the objects via method arguments  Of course I could declare someMatrix also in onDrawFrame, but since resources are not plentyful on mobile devices, I rather not have them initialized each time onDrawFrame is called. The problem I have now, is that I really have a lot class variables, which I normally would consider as bad style. I couldnt find anything about this topic in the style guidelines for Android. Are there alternatives which improve readability andor safetyp
Negative 63 pI use SQL Reporting Services, Report Builder. Simply speaking I would like to create the following report. Its image could be found at another forum still without answer.. a hrefhttpsocial.technet.microsoft.comForumsensqlreportingservicesthread27efe3541e2c44f7a47032d70532ede4 relnofollow titleUnfortunately I do not have yet a big reputation at stackoverflow and thus is restricted to post images Report picture from another forumap  pHow could I do this p
Negative 63 pI want to know whether how to capture the button clicked with AspectJ and get its parameter eg. button name. I think for having more generalized capturing with AspectJ, it shoudl be used MouseListener so it can capture other UI elements in generalp  pstrongExamplestrongp  pIn a GUI example I have defined 2 buttons that take some actions p  precodepublic JButton btn1  new JButtonTest1 public JButton btn2  new JButtonTest2  btn1.addActionListenernew ActionListener                       public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                                       take some actions                                          btn2.addActionListenernew ActionListener                       public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                                       take some actions                                     codepre  pHow to capture these buttons with AspectJ, and get their parameters eg. namep
Negative 63 pI know that frameworks like Synfony2, Doctrine2, PHPUnit, etc... have support for annonations but I want to add in annotation support for my library but dont want to write the parsercaching myself.  Does anyone know if there is a library I can includehook into my code and be able to start using annonations or at least provide a large set of functionality that does parsingcaching of the annonations for mep
Negative 63 pI want to replicate the count down tic tac toe game. I have programmed a tic tac toe game with perfect AI, which is very simple. But I cant seem to find the bestundefeatable tactic. I tried to modified the tic tac toe AI but it seems the tactics does not suit very well and I seem to have a way to beat it.  with luck .p  pAnyone know the best strategy to deal with this For human or for my AIp  pFor anyone who have no idea what count down tic tac toe is, its a game of tic tac toe except the player can only place 3 piece  meaning that the oldest piece will disappear. i.e. when the player place the forth piece the 1st one will disappear. Here is the example game a hrefhttpitunes.apple.comusapptictactoecountdownid348792842mt8 relnofollowhttpitunes.apple.comusapptictactoecountdownid348792842mt8ap
Negative 63 pIm working with Core Data and got two entities Account, Contact where one account can have multiple contacts onetomanyrelationship. p  pWhen inserting a new object I want to check if the phone number of the new contact already belongs to an existing contact. If the number exists, there should be a notification for the user. p  pIn ContactAddViewController.m the following method is called where contactData is a NSMutableDictionary with the values and keys for the new contact entered in textfields.p  precode[ContactInfo findOrCreateContactcontactData inManagedObjectContextcontext] codepre  pIn AccountInfo.m the request for the phone with the predicate and the value of my textfield is set. If the phone number doesnt exist, the contact will be added to the entity ContactInfo  if it exists, the method returns 0.p  precode ContactInfo findOrCreateContactNSDictionary data inManagedObjectContextNSManagedObjectContext context      ContactInfo contactInfo  nil      NSFetchRequest request  [[NSFetchRequest alloc] init]     request.entity  [NSEntityDescription entityForNameContactInfo inManagedObjectContextcontext]     request.predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormatphone  , [data objectForKeyphone]]      NSError error  nil     contactInfo  [[context executeFetchRequestrequest erroramperror] lastObject]      if error ampamp contactInfo                if phone number cant be found, create new contact         contactInfo  [NSEntityDescription insertNewObjectForEntityForNameContactInfo inManagedObjectContextcontext]         contactInfo.firstName  [data objectForKeyfirstName]         contactInfo.lastName  [data objectForKeylastName]         contactInfo.phone  [data objectForKeyphone]         contactInfo.updatedDate  [NSDate date]         contactInfo.cinfoTOainfo  [AccountInfo findOrCreateAccountdata inManagedObjectContextcontext]            Return object     return contactInfo  codepre  pp  pstrongQuestionstrong p  pHow can I set the return value of 0 to a NSString or sth like that, so that I can build up an ifclause like the followingp  precodeif  ...   What should I put in here       if phone number doesnt exist, do that.  else       if phone number exist, do that.  codepre
Negative 63 pI want to verify that a hrefhttpsjuju.ubuntu.com relnofollowjujua is not only for Ubuntu.p  pI want to build a continuous deployment which would be as good as juju for centos.p  pI have Java server apps.p  pIf anyone has any other suggestions please let me know.p
Negative 63 pI have spinner on screen and when I click I get choices  default behavior of spinner . Problem is that in some items text is to long so it is cropped. Is there any flag in spinner to specify that text can be in more than one line  How to solve this problem p
Negative 63 pI am a newer for java, now I  need to write a software related with image process with java. I want to get the valid image datafor examplea bitmap named abc.bmp, it include filehead, infohead, RGBquad and valid image data. What I want is just valid image data, so one solution is knowing the image format, then get the data. But this is really bottom, I know Java has a lot of standard class, so I hope that I can just use a class variable to get the valid data, no care about the image format.OK, in my code, now I get a image object through these codep  precodeString imageName  File imageFile  new FileimageName Image image  ImageIO.readimageFile codepre  pso how can i get the valid data from the objectimage or need use other class thank youp
Negative 63 pemSorry if this question is framed incorrectly.em p  pI am working on an iPad application that needs to leverage the Facebook login feature.  The application is supposed to allow a user to login to his Facebook account when the application first starts up. My questions arep  ol lipWhat part of the Facebook API will I need to use just to be able to login to facebook a hrefhttpsdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferenceiossdkauthentication relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferenceiossdkauthenticationapli lipHow can I keep track of the uses sessionpli lipWhat type of permissions will I need to ask the user a poll question ie a surveypli ol  pstrongFor anyone facing similar problems Ill be updating this question with relevant links.strongp  blockquote   pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7086149iosfacebooklibraryloginiOS Facebook library loginap      pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5232063facebookiossdklogintofacebookwithoutalwaysaskforpermissionsfortheaFacebook iOS SDK Login to Facebook without always ask for permissions for the applicationap blockquote
Negative 63 pIm working on a scala  lift web application and am considering how to set everything up. Ill be running this in Amazon EC2 and I can have a fairly flexible architecture.p  pMy current approach is to use ELB configured with sticky sessions lift requirement, an nginx frontend, with glassfish or perhaps jetty in the backend. nginx would be nice for url rewriting and pushing static content although putting my static content into an Amazon S3 bucket is under consideration. Im unsure if I should throw out ELB and use HAProxy instead. Ill need to be adding and removing glassfish instances to dynamically scale according to load. Can nginx dynamically load balance across multiple glassfish instances Do I need to maintain a 11 ratio of nginx to glassfish instances Will ELB  nginx handle this appropriately How would you configure ELBnginxglassfish so this would work Does it make sense to use nginx Should I just load balance directly across a glassfish clusterp  pThanks for any help you can providep
Negative 63 pI am using Silverlight 4 using C 4.0.p  pI have a codeHttpwebRequestcode object which is created using following statementp  precodevar webRequest  httpStackType  HttpStack.Browser                 HttpWebRequestWebRequestCreator.BrowserHttp.CreaterequestUri                 HttpWebRequestWebRequestCreator.ClientHttp.CreaterequestUri codepre  pAt later stage of in my program where I do not have access to codehttpStackTypecode variable, I want to find out what type of HttpStack is used for this codewebRequestcode, how can I find this, is there a property or method to get the codeHttpStackcode type for codeHttpwebRequestcodep
Negative 63 pIf you look at a hrefhttpwww.ijob.dk relnofollowwww.ijob.dka in IE7 and IE8, the horizontal scrollbar is MUCH larger than on ex Firefox or IE9 Dont even think the scrollbar shows in ie9  Cant seem to figure out that is causing the big space at the right, since the horizontal scrolling is so large p
Negative 63 precode UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath  indexPath      NSString CellIdentifier  [NSString stringWithFormatCellNamed, [indexPath row]]      UITableViewCell cell  [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier]     if cell  nil                etc       codepre  pI want to clear all the cells Ive stored up since the table data has changed so they need to be regenerated. I am storing all the cells in this way deliberately.p  pI am wondering is there a waymethod to dumb all the cells that are alive, that are related to a particular table.p  pRegards, Codep
Negative 63 pi have two ant filesp  ol limainBuild.xmlli lisubBuild.xmlli ol  pcodesubBuild.xmlcode is imported in the codemainBuild.xmlcode. One of  target from codemainBuildcode depends on codesubBuildcode. I need to pass the argument to the dependent ant target. I dont want to use the codeltantcallgtcode or the codeltantgtcode tags, as i need the some properties from thep
Negative 63 pMy text is as belowp  precodeltfont size2 colorF07500gtltbgt [ba]ltfontgtltbgt ltulgtltligtltfont color 0B610Bgt Word word wordWord word.ltbrgtltfontgtltligtltulgt ltulgtltligtltfont color F07500gt Word word word.ltbrgtltfontgtltligtltulgt ltulgtltligtltfont color 0B610Bgt Word word word wordWord.ltbrgtltfontgtltligtltulgt ltulgtltligtltfont color 0B610Bgt WordWord.ltbrgtltfontgtltligtltulgt ltbrgtltfont color E41B17gtltbgtUPPERCASE LETTERSltbgtltfontgt  ltulgtltligtltfont color 0B610Bgt Word word wordWord word.ltbrgtltfontgtltbrgtltfont color E41B17gtltbgtPhD and dataBaseltbgtltfontgt ltligtltulgt ltfont color 0B610Bgt Word word word.ltbrgtltfontgtltligtltulgtltddgtltfont color F07500gt      Word wordWord word.ltbrgtltfontgt codepre  pThere is a lowercase letter immediately followed by an uppercase in each of the codeltfont color 0B610Bgt...ltfontgtcode. For examplep  precodeltfont color 0B610Bgt Word word wordWord word.ltbrgtltfontgt codepre  pI want to correct this error by splitting them as follows i.e adding a colon and a space between themp  precodeltfont color 0B610Bgt Word word word Word word.ltbrgtltfontgt codepre  pSo far, I have been usingp  precodeltfont color 0B610Bb[gt]gt.ltfontgt codepre  pto select each of the instances of codeltfont color 0B610Bgt...ltfontgtcode, and it works fine in finding one instance by one instance of codeltfont color 0B610Bgt...ltfontgtcode.p  pBut when I use p  precodeltfont color 0B610Bb[gt]gt.[az][AZ].ltfontgt codepre  pit does find but selects everything between codeltfont color 0B610Bgt...ltfontgtcodein one line regardless of other fontcolor tags, and replaces other unwanted instances.p  pI want it to find and replace error in each of this specific pair of tags codeltfont color 0B610Bgt...ltfontgtcode, not grabbing everything starting by codeltfont color 0B610Bgtcode and ending in codeltfontgtcodep  pAre there any regular expressions to solve this problem Many thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pGiven a list of coordinates, how do I calculate the minimum bounding rectangle MBR, avoiding the global gotchas described in the a hrefhttpwww.stonybrook.edulibmapcoordinatesseriesano2a2.htm relnofollow Unlocking the Mysteries of the Bounding Boxap  pGoogle Maps API method a hrefhttpcode.google.comapismapsdocumentationjavascriptreference.htmlMap relnofollowcodefitBoundscodea seems to be handling the gotchas well.p  h2Edith2  pUsing an example from the article above, lets say I have to calculate a bounding box for two locations in the imaginary country of Boxtopia codepoint A170, 40code and codepoint B170, 50code. If construct my bounding box using codexmin, ymincode as the southwest corner and codexmax, ymaxcode as the northwest corner, Ill get code170, 40code and code170, 50code respectively, a box which would span 340 degrees instead of minimum 20 degrees.p
Negative 63 pI have made a very simple Pie Graph generator using Javascript amp SVG graphics. You just enter the angle of the pie graph you want then click the button.p  pstrongMy Problemstrong It generates graphs that are too big for the angles 100 degrees, 180 degrees amp many others. It does generate the correct pie for the angle 277. For an angle such as 180 which should be a half circle it shows a pie of 270 degrees for some reason.p  pstrongWhats wrong with my simple algorithm that leads to the wrong pie shapesvaluesstrongp  pThe JSFiddle is here emfor some reason the JSFiddle wont update but if you copy the HTML below it all worksem a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmabg31 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netmabg31ap  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt     ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     lt function createPieGraph     var angle     parseIntdocument.getElementByIdangleVal.value, 10    var path      document.getElementByIdpie document.createElementpath    var diameter  200    var rad       diameter2    var point     resolveToPointangle, diameter    var d         Mdiameter,diameter Lpoint.mX,point.mY Arad,rad determineDisplayTypeangle determineArcEndangle, diameter, rad z    path.setAttributed, d   function resolveToPoint int deg, int diameter       var rad   Math.PI  deg  180    var r     diameter  2    var x     r  Math.cosrad    var y     r  Math.sinrad    var midX  diameter    var midY  diameter     if deg lt 90           console.log1       x  midX  x       y  midY  y        else if deg lt 180           console.log2       x  midX  x       y  midY  y        else if deg lt 270           console.log3       x  midX  x       y  midY  y        else if deg lt 360           console.log4       x  midX  x       y  Math.absy         return mX x, mY y   function determineDisplayType int deg      if deg lt 90       return 0 0,0    else if deg lt 180       return 0 1,0    else if deg lt 270       return 0 1,0    else if deg lt 360       return 1 1,1     return 0 0,0   function determineArcEnd int deg, int diameter, int rad      if deg gt 270       return rad,diameter     return diameter,rad      gt     ltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt      ltsvg idmain width400 height400 stylebackgroundcolor redgt         ltpath idpie fillblue strokewhitegtltpathgt     ltsvggt      ltinput typetext idangleVal valueEnter anglegtltinputgt     ltinput typebutton onclickcreatePieGraph valueShow Pie Graphgtltinputgt ltbodygtlthtmlgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a simple html form with select element. To define which option is selected, I add codeselectedcode asp  precodeltoption value10 ltphp ifvalue  10 echo selectedselectedgtgt10ltoptiongt ltoption value20 ltphp ifvalue  20 echo selectedselectedgtgt20ltoptiongt ltoption value50 ltphp ifvalue  50 echo selectedselectedgtgt50ltoptiongt codepre  pcodevaluecode is a variable which comes from PHP codes. This methods seems to be very simple and naive. Is it the best way to do sop
Negative 63 pIve got a command.cgi that returns a website url, if the checkbox with idsimple is checked then redirect the user to that page, if not, add the html formatted link to a container. The problem is that it doesnt redirect the user to a html formatted link when the checkbox is checked and when it does, it redirects the user to a formatted html link, its crazy. Any solution Thanksp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt  document.readyfunction        sudo.clickfunctionevent           if simple.attrchecked1                     .getcgibincommand.cgi,                       cmd cmd.val,                      functiondata          window.location.hrefdata                                       else                     .getcgibincommand.cgi,                       cmd cmd.val,                      functiondata                          resultado p.prependlta href  data   targetblankgt  data  ltagtltbrgtltbrgt                         cmd.val                         cmd.focus                                                         cmd.keyupfunctione         ife.keyCode  13             sudo.click                   ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 63 pI need a way of allowing a user to pick on option out of a list, Im thinking of using a codeUIPickerViewcode in a codeUIAlertViewcode. However I was wondering ifp  ol liIts possible to put a codeUIPickerViewcode in a codeUIAlertViewcode easily in codeiOS 5code if so is it frowned upon by apple amp will be app be rejectedli liIs there a better way of doing this if so, whatli ol  pAny help or advice would be really appreciatedp
Negative 63 pI havent worked with SQL Reporting much, however I have been trying to get my results to appear in a specific way but I just cant seem to figure out how to format  group my results.p  pThe data that I am receiving from my query resembles the followingp  ul listrongID Numberstrong This is what the items will be grouped byli listrongDisplay Namestrong Corresponds to ID Number 11li listrongStudy DateTimestrong  Studies have a manytoone relationship with ID Numbersli listrongStudy Descriptionstrongli ul  pBasically, I am trying to format my results as followsp  precodeDISPLAY NAME NUMBER OF STUDIES  STUDY DATE  TIME             STUDY DESCRIPTION                                   01162012 1234 AM           EXAMPLE DESCRIPTION 1 02222012 0222 PM           EXAMPLE DESCRIPTION 2 codepre  pI have tinkered with the grouping several times I am able to have the name appear on the lefthand side and list all of the studies to the right, however I am trying to achieve the appearance listed above but am not having any luck.p  pAny suggestions would be more than welcome and I will try to provide any additional details if needed.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to learn Razor but have come up against a syntax problem.  When I run the following codep  precodeif searchTerm     lth2gtShowing ExamineManager.Instance.SearchsearchTerm, true.Count results for searchTermlth2gt   ltdiv classsearchresultsgt     foreach var result in ExamineManager.Instance.SearchsearchTerm, true           if result.Fields[nodeTypeAlias]  File         ltpgtFileltpgt       else         ltpgtNot fileltpgt                 ltdivgt  codepre  pthis errors, saying Too many characters in character literal.  The actual mechanism of the code works, its just a syntax problem with the way the conditionals are nested I think, but Ive tried various combinations of  blocks and prepending  to various lines but just cant get it to work.p  pCan anyone see what Im doing wrongp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pIs there a way to keep connection online between testsp  pIm trying to keep users logged when running a multiple tests set, but noticed unexpected behaviour reactor stops after each test so once established connection becomes unusable.p  pTo explore this, I prepared example testfile below.p  pThis creates simple listening echoserver and stores it in class fields. 3 tests are run. Server expected to properly run during all tests actualy it does only until 1st test ends.p  pstrongExamplestrongp  precode usrbinpython   coding utf8   import logging  from twisted.python import log from twisted.internet import defer, base, reactor from twisted.trial import unittest from twisted.internet.protocol import Protocol, Factory from twisted.internet.endpoints import TCP4ServerEndpoint  observer  log.PythonLoggingObserver observer.start logging.basicConfiglevellogging.DEBUG  class EchoProtocol     Protocol from twistedmatrix examples     def connectionMadeself         log.msgGot incomming connection         self.transport.writeAn apple a day keeps the doctor awayrn      def connectionLostself, reason         log.msgConnection lost due to s  reason      def dataReceivedself, data         self.transport.writedata         log.msgGot some data s  data   class EchoFactoryFactory     Factory from twistedmatrix examples     def buildProtocolself, addr         return Echo   class SampleTestunittest.TestCase     Sample test case class derived straight from twisteds TestCase     isafirsttest  True     endppoint  None     def logLaterself, msgg  None         log.msgcalled later message      defer.inlineCallbacks     def setUpself         if self.class.isafirsttest             self.class.endpoint  TCP4ServerEndpointreactor, 8007             self.class.endpoint.listenEchoFactory             self.class.isafirsttest  False          log.msgsetting Up ... You may try reconnecting now         log.msgWe have endpoint s  self.endpoint         yield reactor.callLater5, self.logLater         log.msgsetUp done      def tearDownself         log.msgtearDown started         result  defer.Deferred         result.addCallbackself.logLater         reactor.callLater5, result.callback, tearDown msg         log.msgleaving tearDown         return result      defer.inlineCallbacks     def test00self         log.msg00 test body         sampledefer  defer.Deferred         sampledefer.addCallbackself.logLater         reactor.callLater5, sampledefer.callback, Some sample action 00         log.msgwaiting reactor deferred         yield sampledefer         log.msgdone with test body      defer.inlineCallbacks     def test01self         log.msg01 test body         sampledefer  defer.Deferred         sampledefer.addCallbackself.logLater         reactor.callLater5, sampledefer.callback, Some sample action 01         log.msgwaiting reactor deferred         yield sampledefer      defer.inlineCallbacks     def test02self         log.msg02 test body         sampledefer  defer.Deferred         sampledefer.addCallbackself.logLater         reactor.callLater5, sampledefer.callback, Some sample action 02         log.msgwaiting reactor deferred         yield sampledefer codepre  pRunning above file withp  precodetrial testfile.py codepre  pshows main loop terminated at the end of each test. After that port remains listening in all tests according to netstat n4lt. But there is no echo when telnet connecting during 2nd and 3rd test body only for the 1st one.p  pTwisted doc a hrefhttptwistedmatrix.comdocumentscurrentcorehowtotesting.htmlauto3 relnofollowhttptwistedmatrix.comdocumentscurrentcorehowtotesting.htmlauto3a says emTrial runs the entire test suite over four thousand tests in a single process, with a single reactorem  unfortunately my twistedmatrix registration request is still not verified, so unable to place questions there.p  pIn my real case connection to server takes too long to repeat it for each test, so Id like to do this at least once for each class of cases.p  pSo, is there a way to keep connection online between testsp  pPS Using  python 2.7.1, pythontwisted 10.2.01, Ubuntu 11.04p
Negative 63 pI need  to change the color of sectionIndexTitlesForTableView in iOS 5. I could not find any method in the APIs to do the task. Can anyone offer me some helpp  pThe sectionIndexTitlesForTableView means the vertical bar in right hand side to show the the titles for the sections.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm using the following css to display a 661px x 343px imagep  precodewidth 95px heightauto codepre  pI have found that using the following CSS will give the same blurriness in Chromep  precodeimagerenderingwebkitoptimizecontrast codepre  pSo deleting the above makes the image much clearer in chrome, any idea how to fix the problem for the other browsersp
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions524033howcanisimulateoostylepolymorphismincHow can I simulate OOstyle polymorphism in Ca  p blockquote    pI am newbie to C, C trying to achieve polymorphism in C which is not supported by C but is there any way to do itp  pWhere does my code go wrong I have seen the code on this site which was bit complex for me to understand so modified it but its not working.  Sorry if the question seems to be very basic or even foolish.  p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  void tripple      printfin tripple   void square      printfnin sq   int main      void al     alamptripple     al     alampsquare     al     return 0  codepre
Negative 63 pIm confused with setting variables in codeetcenv.dcode directory. When I write codeecho PATHcode from user  its print me all variables that set it myself. But from root I see one... Where should I set variables for rootp
Negative 63 pI have an application in which i am trying to create autocompletion of jTextField and jTable from database values as we do in address bar of browsers. I tried many ways,but i couldnt complete it. Do any one know how to do this in a simple way, the links and notes which i had got was quite confusing for me. I am using java and MySQl in netbeans.Hoping a reply soon..p  pThank youp
Negative 63 pare there a limited amount of basic O Notations, considering you are meant to distil them down to their most important part p  pOn2p  pOnp  pO1p  pOlog n logarithmicp  pOn factorialp  pOna polynomialp  pOr are you expected to work out variations such as On4 etc... and if so, is that the only exception the power of X onep
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3616952howtoproperlyuserelativeorabsoluteimportsinpythonmodulesHow to properly use relative or absolute imports in Python modulesa  p blockquote    pI have this file layout, as shown in this example download here a hrefhttpwww.mediafire.comoug42nzvxrvoms4httpwww.mediafire.comoug42nzvxrvoms4a a hrefhttpwww.python.orgdevpepspep0328guidosdecisionhttpwww.python.orgdevpepspep0328guidosdecisionap  pmoduleX containsp  precodefrom .moduleY import spam from .moduleY import spam as ham from . import moduleY from ..subpackage1 import moduleY from ..subpackage2.moduleZ import eggs from ..moduleA import foo from ...package import bar from ...sys import path codepre  pand this is what happensp  precodeCpackagesubpackage1gtpython moduleX.py Traceback most recent call last   File moduleX.py, line 1, in ltmodulegt     from .moduleY import spam ValueError Attempted relative import in nonpackage codepre  pI have python 2.7.2. I havep  precodeinit.py codepre  pfiles in every directory.  Why does this code not work p
Negative 63 pIve done some searching and have not found anything that would boost the file and formatting functions in Visual Studio VS2010 C not C. Ive been able to address the raw io issues to some extent by using large buffers and a SSD drive, so the more pressing issue is a replacement for the family of printf functions. Has anyone found something worthwhilep  pAs I understand it, part of the glacial speed issue with the printf functions is that they have to handle myriad types of arguments.  Does anyone have experience with writing a datatypespecific version of printf eg, one that only prints ints, or only prints doubles, etcp
Negative 63 pI have an android app that uses a WebView to enable users to install applications. Applications installed from the Android Market will have the installer value set to com.google.android.feedback. This value can be obtained byp  precodePackageManager pm  this.getPackageManager String installer  pm.getInstallerPackageNamepname codepre  pThe apps installed by my WebView have an installer value set to null. How can I set my own installer value  For example com.mydomain.store.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI want to convert an array of unsigned short numbers to float using SSE. Lets sayp  precodem128i xVal      Has 8 16bit unsigned integers m128 y1, y2     2 xmm registers for 8 float values codepre  pI want first 4 uint16 in y1 amp next 4 uint16 in y2. Need to know which sse intrinsic to use.p
Negative 63 pLets say I have a bunch of businesses. And each business can have multiple categories, subcategories and subsubcategories three levels. Lets say I set up a table according to the a hrefhttpmikehillyer.comarticlesmanaginghierarchicaldatainmysql relnofollownested set modela for my categories.p  pHow do I now use this table and assign categories to each business I understand I will need another table but what node gets assigned Is it the lowest level nodep  precodebusinessid categoryid codepre  pAnd then whats the right way to retrieve all the categories for each businessp
Negative 63 pWhen my page loads in IE 7,8 my background image in the left column lis shows for a split second before CSS3 Pie kicks in, adds the border to the li elements its meant to and then removes the background image from my list items like this...p  pa hrefhttpgoo.glxCz39 relnofollowhttpgoo.glxCz39ap  pIn FF this works if you wanted to see what it is meant to look like. Id appreciate a work around for this if someone has one. Many thanksp
Negative 63 pIn PHP, suppose I have two arraysp  precodeStringsa  array 27 gt Michael Woolf Yard  UU,                     32 gt Samantha Gale  XO,                     17 gt Rosson Morse  UU,                     42 gt Spencer Farrow  XO,                     53 gt Sotherby Farrow  SG,                     ...   Stringsb  array 34 gt Sam Gale  XO,                     89 gt Mycael W. Yaars  UU,                     12 gt S. Farrow  SG,                     ...  codepre  pThe two arrays are of different size, but some of the strings in Stringsa are quite similar to some of the strings in Stringsb.p  pThe strings are quite short, e.g. no more than 50 chars, and the arrays are something like 3000 elements each.p  pEach string ends with a pipe separating a twochars code, that distinguishes groups. Those groups could be used as clues for the association.p  pSo, I would like to obtain an array withp  precodeStringsout  array 27 gt 89,   i.e. Michael Woolf Yard  UU gt Mycael W. Yaars  UU                       32 gt 34,   i.e. Samantha Gale  XO gt Sam Gale  XO                       53 gt 12,   i.e. Sotherby Farrow  SG gt S. Farrow  SG                       ...  codepre  p...writing somewhere e.g. in another array, or rendering Stringsout as a multidimensional array with this information included the score of similarity, for each of the elements of Stringsout.p  pIn other words, Im interested in obtaining the ids of Stringsa associated to those of Stringsb, in such a way that the strings in Stringsa are likely to represent the same entities specified in Stringsb with that association, because the differences of the strings exist just because different individuals have independently written names for the same entities, e.g. with errors or different conventions, or no conventions at all.p  pNote That one specified above is just a way to represent those informations ids, shortstrings, groupscodes for the question purpose, so for the answer feel free to eventually use a different representation for those same informations.p  pEDIT time is not a problem, better accurate than fast.p
Negative 63 pI need to react to the start and end of fileserves from a p  pnodejs  connect  connect.static  connect.staticCache environment. p  pi cant find any documentation on it p  pDoes connect.static  static.cache provide any events p
Negative 63 pMy ASP.NET form allows user to insert list of participants  friends with autocomplete. I want to prompt jQuery dialog form when user click submit and participant doesnt exist already in database.p  pI want the dialog to open only when non existing name  email is entered. I am not sure how to call it in that manner. Helpp  pThank youp  pRunning IIS 6  Framework 2p  pEDIT  this is the rough design.. I am passing the textbox value to validate function,        evaluating weather its an email or name amp check it against databasep  precodepageload      check  validateexperimentparticipant     if check  validate.invalidresearcher              raise error amp make flags visible         return false          insertparticipant...      redirect  codepre
Negative 63 pI hope this question will not get closed as not constructive. Ive been banging my head to the wall to solve this and still got nowhere. so, this is my last hopebr Question is basically about generating the MAC field of an ISO 8583Rev 93 message.br I have some dumps of valid messages and Im trying to generate the correct MAC.  p  ul liEncryption Algorithm is codeDEScode, codeModeCBCcode, codeIV  new byte[] 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0codeli liEncryption key is codenew byte[]  0x11, 0x11, 0x11, 0x11, 0x11, 0x11, 0x11, 0x11 code  li liData To encrypt is the message 208 bytes long  li ul  pre new byte[]  49, 50, 48, 48, 70, 54, 51, 52, 56, 52, 48, 49, 56, 56, 69, 49, 49, 48, 48, 48, 48, 49, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 22, 54, 50, 56, 48, 50, 51, 49, 49, 49, 48, 48, 48, 48, 54, 52, 50, 51, 49, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 49, 49, 54, 48, 56, 48, 56, 52, 53, 51, 57, 55, 57, 56, 54, 49, 50, 48, 49, 49, 54, 49, 49, 51, 56, 52, 53, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 49, 49, 54, 54, 49, 48, 53, 48, 48, 54, 49, 51, 49, 55, 67, 6, 54, 50, 56, 48, 50, 51, 6, 54, 50, 56, 48, 50, 51, 53, 49, 52, 50, 52, 49, 52, 51, 50, 53, 52, 51, 48, 57, 57, 57, 57, 52, 48, 50, 48, 48, 48, 48, 48, 57, 57, 57, 57, 52, 48, 50, 32, 32, 32, 7, 84, 101, 108, 66, 97, 110, 107, 0, 0, 51, 55, 54, 69, 55, 49, 67, 68, 69, 49, 68, 56, 54, 54, 51, 54, 0, 0 pre   ul liI should encrypt the data and probably after converting the result to hex get to the valid codeBF327C0CED48F26Bcode value which goes into the messages 128th field.  li ul  pHeres what I have tried along many more implementationsp  precodevar mac  EncryptdataToEncrypt  Convert to hex representation. var hexMac  IsoUtils.ByteArrayToHexmac  No BF327C0CED48F26B is in hexMac something is probably wrong    ltsummarygt  Encrypts the input data. Tried many other ways with the same result.  ltsummarygt     public byte[] Encryptbyte[] input      DESCryptoServiceProvider desProvider  new DESCryptoServiceProvider     desProvider.Padding  PaddingMode.None     desProvider.Mode  CipherMode.CBC     ICryptoTransform cryptoTransform  desProvider.CreateEncryptorthis.key, this.iv     MemoryStream encryptedStream  new MemoryStream     CryptoStream cryptStream  new CryptoStreamencryptedStream, cryptoTransform, CryptoStreamMode.Write      cryptStream.Writeinput, 0, input.Length     cryptStream.FlushFinalBlock     encryptedStream.Position  0     byte[] result  new byte[encryptedStream.Length]     encryptedStream.Readresult, 0, intencryptedStream.Length     cryptStream.Close     return result       ltsummarygt  Gets the hex representation of the byte array. The length is 2xdata.Length  ltsummarygt     public static string ByteArrayToHexbyte[] data      string result  string.Empty     foreach byte ascii in data              var n  intascii         result  n.ToStringX.PadLeft2, 0           return result  codepre  pstrongIn short, How can I achieve codeBF327C0CED48F26Bcode by encrypting codedataToEncryptcode variablestrong  p  pId really appreciate any help.  p  pemUPDATEem Heres the message details in case it could be of any help  p  precode                            Data For Encryption                                                  HEX                                  NORMAL 31 32 30 30 46 36 33 34 38 34 30 31 38 38 45 31     1200F634840188E1 31 30 30 30 30 31 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30     1000010000000000 30 30 30 30 16 36 32 38 30 32 33 31 31 31 30 30     000062802311100 30 30 36 34 32 33 31 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30     0064231000000000 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30     0000000000000000 30 30 30 30 31 31 36 30 38 30 38 34 35 33 39 37     0000116080845397 39 38 36 31 32 30 31 31 36 31 31 33 38 34 35 30     9861201161138450 30 30 30 30 31 31 36 36 31 30 35 30 30 36 31 33     0000116610500613 31 37 43 60 36 32 38 30 32 33 60 36 32 38 30 32     17C62802362802 33 35 31 34 32 34 31 34 33 32 35 34 33 30 39 39     3514241432543099 39 39 34 30 32 30 30 30 30 30 39 39 39 39 34 30     9940200000999940 32 20 20 20 70 54 65 6C 42 61 6E 6B 00 00 33 37     2   TelBank  37 36 45 37 31 43 44 45 31 44 38 36 36 33 36 00 00     6E71CDE1D86636                            Message ready to be sent                                               HEX                                  NORMAL 30 32 32 34 31 32 30 30 46 36 33 34 38 34 30 31     02241200F6348401 38 38 45 31 31 30 30 30 30 31 30 30 30 30 30 30     88E1100001000000 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 31 16 36 32 38 30 32 33 31     000000016280231 31 31 30 30 30 30 36 34 32 33 31 30 30 30 30 30     1100006423100000 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30     0000000000000000 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30 31 31 36 30 38 30 38 34     0000000011608084 35 33 39 37 39 38 36 31 32 30 31 31 36 31 31 33     5397986120116113 38 34 35 30 30 30 30 30 31 31 36 36 31 30 35 30     8450000011661050 30 36 31 33 31 37 43 60 36 32 38 30 32 33 60 36     061317C6280236 32 38 30 32 33 35 31 34 32 34 31 34 33 32 35 34     2802351424143254 33 30 39 39 39 39 34 30 32 30 30 30 30 30 39 39     3099994020000099 39 39 34 30 32 20 20 20 70 54 65 6C 42 61 6E 6B     99402   TelBank 00 00 33 37 36 45 37 31 43 44 45 31 44 38 36 36       376E71CDE1D866 33 36 00 00 42 46 33 32 37 43 30 43 45 44 34 38     36  BF327C0CED48 46 32 36 42 00 00 00 00                         F26B                                       Fields                                   [LLVar    n      ..19 0016] 002 [6280231110000642] [Fixed    n         6 0006] 003 [310000] [Fixed    n        12 0012] 004 [000000000000] [Fixed    n        12 0012] 006 [000000000000] [Fixed    n        10 0010] 007 [0116080845] [Fixed    n         6 0006] 011 [397986] [Fixed    n        12 0012] 012 [120116113845] [Fixed    n         4 0004] 014 [0000] [Fixed    n         4 0004] 017 [0116] [Fixed    an       12 0012] 022 [61050061317C] [LLVar    n      ..11 0006] 032 [628023] [LLVar    n      ..11 0006] 033 [628023] [Fixed    an       12 0012] 037 [514241432543] [Fixed    an        8 0008] 041 [09999402] [Fixed    ans      15 0015] 042 [000009999402   ] [LLVar    ans    ..40 0007] 043 [TelBank] [LLLVar   ans   ..999 0000] 048 [] [Fixed    an       16 0016] 052 [376E71CDE1D86636] [LLLVar   ans   ..999 0000] 072 [] [Fixed    an       16 0016] 128 [BF327C0CED48F26B] codepre  pemUpdate 2em Well, those idiots forgot to mention in their documents that field 128 should be filled with code0code and emthenem be sent for encryption. Found this out by try and faultp
Negative 63 pI am migrating form Joomla 1.5 to 2.5 version. I need to move template. I installed it with Extension Manager. It displayed in codeTemplate Managercode. But when I am assigning this template to site the site respond with codeHTTP Error 500 Internal Server Error An unexpected condition was encountered while the server was attempting to fulfill the request.code This template worked fine on Joomla 1.5.p
Negative 63 pI have XML content in a string that defines its encoding in its declaration. I want to get a byte array from that string and download it to a client browser.p  pThe following works, but Im not that experienced with encoding and am wondering strongwill I cause something to blow up if I do it this waystrong  p  pBasically, Im getting the encoding from the declaration, and using that encoding to convert the XML string to a byte array. strongIs that how it should workstrong      p  precodevar xdoc  XDocument.ParsexmlString var encoding  System.Text.Encoding.GetEncodingxdoc.Document.Declaration.Encoding  var encoded  encoding.GetBytesxmlString  Response.AppendHeaderContentDisposition, attachment filename  xmlData.FileName return Fileencoded, textplain codepre
Negative 63 pI have slightly simplified the default index.php file supplied with WAMP, so that it works from any directorylocation.p  pThe problem I have is that the order is grouping capitals together. p  pEg a, b, c, A, B, Cp  pWhen I want A, a, B, b, C, cp  precodeltphp datedefaulttimezonesetEuropeLondon title  Project Directory server  http . SERVER[SERVERNAME] date  dateY  Directory  Files dir     . files  scandirdir  projectsListIgnore  array RemoteSystemsTempFiles,icons projectsFileListIgnore  array .project  projectContents   projectFileContents    foreach files as file       if isdirfile ampamp inarrayfile,projectsListIgnore ampamp substrfile,0,1   ampamp substrfile,0,1  .                   projectContents . ltligtlta classarrow external href.file.gt.file.ltagtltligt             if isfilefile ampamp inarrayfile,projectsFileListIgnore ampamp substrfile,0,1   ampamp substrfile,0,1  .          projectFileContents . ltligtlta classarrow icon iicon external href.file.gtltem classiidownload . pathinfofile, PATHINFOEXTENSION .gtltemgt.file.ltagtltligt          pageContents  ltltlt EOPAGE ltxml version1.0 encodingiso88591gt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.1EN     httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml11DTDxhtml11.dtdgt  lthtml langen xmllangengt ltheadgt     lttitlegttitlelttitlegt     ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttxthtml charsetutf8 gt     ltlink hreficonsfavicon.ico relicon typeimagexicon gt      ltstyle typetextcssgt               margin 0         padding 0           html          background ddd          body          margin 1em 10         padding 1em 3em         font 701.4 arial, helvetica, lucida sans, sansserif         border 1px solid 999         background eee         position relative          head          marginbottom 1.8em         margintop 1.8em         paddingbottom 0em         borderbottom 1px solid 999         letterspacing 500em         textindent 500em         height 125px          h2          margin 0.8em 0 0 0          ul          liststyle none         margin 0         padding 0          ul.projects, ul.tools, ul.files          liststyle none         lineheight 24px          ul.aliases a, ul.projects a, ul.tools a          display block         padding 1px 0 2px 25px         background urliconsfolder.png 0 0 norepeat          ul.files a          display block         padding 1px 0 2px 25px         background urliconsgeneric.png 0 0 norepeat          ul.aliases a          background urliconsforward.png 0 0 norepeat          dl          margin 0         padding 0          dt          fontweight bold         textalign right         width 11em         clear both          dd          margin 1.35em 0 0 12em         paddingbottom 0.4em         overflow auto          dd ul li          float left         display block         width 16.5         margin 0         padding 0 0 0 20px         background urliconspngPlugin.png 2px 50 norepeat         lineheight 1.6          a          color 024378         fontweight bold         textdecoration none          ahover          color 04569A         textdecoration underline          foot          textalign center         margintop 1.8em         bordertop 1px solid 999         paddingtop 1em         fontsize 0.85em          ltstylegt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt     ltdiv stylemargin 15px 0 0 0 borderbottom1px solid 999999gt     lth2gtDirectory Idexlth2gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv stylewidth50 float left padding 0 0 15px 10pxgt         lth2gtProjectslth2gt         ltul classprojectsgt         projectContents         ltulgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv stylewidth40 float left padding 0 10px 15px 10pxgt     lth2gtLinkslth2gt     ltul classtoolsgt         ltli classphpgtlta hrefphpinfo1gtphpinfoltagtltligt         ltli classphpmyadmingtlta hrefphpmyadmingtphpMyAdminltagtltligt     ltulgt     lth2gtFileslth2gt     ltul classfilesgt     projectFileContents                 ltulgt     ltdivgt     ltul styleclear both idfootgt         ltligtampcopy Copyright dateltligt     ltulgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt EOPAGE  echo pageContents gt codepre
Negative 63 pI am creating an Open Source Extension for Magento. Its in very early stages. I am struggling with cancel orders problem. I found some solution here p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4796384magentohowcaniruncodewhenmyorderiscanceledorrefundedMagento  How can I run code when my order is canceled or refundeda. p  pBut whenever I cancel an order it calls neither void in case of only Authorize payment action nor refund in case of authorizecapture payment action.p  pWhen I use capturerefund, It says the order cannot be cancelled.p  pWhen I use authorizevoid, It says the order have been cancelled. But the Void function wasnt called at all. I kept some MageLog functions inside. Which are not shown in Log file.p  pI dont understand what is wrong.p  pHere is the code. This is payment method modelp  precodeltphp  class PackageCashondeliveryModelCreateorder extends MagePaymentModelMethodAbstract      protected code  cashondelivery     protected canCapture  true     protected canUseCheckout  true     protected canFetchTransactionInfo      true     protected isGateway                    true     protected canUseInternal  true     protected canVoid     true     protected canRefund  true      public function validate               paymentInfo  thisgtgetInfoInstance          if paymentInfo instanceof MageSalesModelOrderPayment               postCode  paymentInfogtgetOrdergtgetBillingAddressgtgetPostcode                      else               postCode  paymentInfogtgetQuotegtgetBillingAddressgtgetPostcode                    resApigtvalidatePostCodepostCode          r  resfalse FALSE  TRUE           if r               MagethrowExceptionthisgtgetHelpergtSorry  Service is not available in your area                    return this           public function authorizeVarienObject payment, amount                                         This is working fine         transactionId  ApigtsomeCall         paymentgtsetTransactionId                                                          return this           public function voidVarienObject payment              if thisgtcanVoidpayment              MagethrowExceptionthisgtgetHelpergtVoid action is not available.                                                      MageLogStarting Void here....         transactionId  PaymentgtgetTransactionId         ApigtcancelOrdertransactionId         return this                                  gt codepre  pHere is config file.p  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltconfiggt     ltmodulesgt        ltPackageCashondeliverygt lt declare modules version information for database updates gt           ltversiongt0.1.0ltversiongt        ltPackageCashondeliverygt     ltmodulesgt     ltglobalgt lt declare model group for new module gt         ltmodelsgt lt model group alias to be used in MagegetModelnewmodule... gt             ltcashondeliverygt lt base class name for the model group gt                 ltclassgtPackageCashondeliveryModelltclassgt             ltcashondeliverygt             ltmodelsgt         lthelpersgt             ltcashondeliverygt                 ltclassgtPackageCashondeliveryHelperltclassgt             ltcashondeliverygt         lthelpersgt  lt declare resource setup for new module gt         ltresourcesgt lt resource identifier gt             ltcashondeliverysetupgt lt specify that this resource is a setup resource and used for upgrades gt                 ltsetupgt lt which module to look for installupgrade files in gt                     ltmodulegtPackageCashondeliveryltmodulegt                 ltsetupgt lt specify database connection for this resource gt                 ltconnectiongt lt do not create new connection, use predefined core setup connection gt                     ltusegtcoresetupltusegt                 ltconnectiongt             ltcashondeliverysetupgt             ltcashondeliverywritegt                 ltconnectiongt                   ltusegtcorewriteltusegt                 ltconnectiongt             ltcashondeliverywritegt             ltcashondeliveryreadgt                ltconnectiongt                 ltusegtcorereadltusegt               ltconnectiongt             ltcashondeliveryreadgt         ltresourcesgt     ltglobalgt lt declare default configuration values for this module gt     ltdefaultgt         ltpaymentgt             ltcashondeliverygt                 ltactivegt1ltactivegt                 ltmodelgtcashondeliverycreateorderltmodelgt                 ltorderstatusgtProcessingltorderstatusgt                 ltpaymentactiongtauthorizeltpaymentactiongt                 lttitlegtCash On Deliverylttitlegt                 ltexampleurigtservices.example.comltexampleurigt             ltcashondeliverygt          ltpaymentgt     ltdefaultgt ltconfiggt codepre  pAnybody has any idea why this happens and how to resolve.p
Negative 63 pI do ssh on my terminal to run my liferay.p  pI use this commandp  precodessh userserver.com password   cd tomcatbin  .catalina.sh run codepre  pNow when I run this command this will run my liferay just fine but when I exit my terminal it will also shut down my Liferay. causing my site to return strongService Temporarily Unavailablestrongp  pWhat is the proper way to run catalina script Do I really need to keep my Terminal open to keep my server running I think theres something wrong to what I did.p  pUsing Liferay 6.0p  pPlease advice.p  pThank Youp
Negative 63 pa hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarymicrosoft.xna.framework.input.keyboardstate.getpressedkeys.aspxcodeKeyboardState.GetPressedKeyscodea returns a codeKeycode array of currently pressed keys. Normally to find out if a key is a letter or number I would use a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarycay4xx2f.aspxcodeChar.IsLetterOrDigitcharcodea but the given type is of the codeKeyscode enumeration and as a result has no codeKeyCharcode property.p  pCasting does not work either because, for example, keys like codeKeys.F5code, when casted to a character, become the letter codetcode. In this case, codeF5code would then be seen as a letter or digit when clearly it is not.p  pSo, how might one determine if a given codeKeyscode enumeration value is a letter or digit, given that casting to a character gives unpredictable resultsp
Negative 63 pI am very new in android,and trying to put SDcard images in grid view by using Bitmap and BitmapFactory. But it cause the Error likep  precodeERRORAndroidRuntime6137     java.lang.OutOfMemoryError bitmap size exceeds VM budget      ERRORAndroidRuntime6137     at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.nativeDecodeStreamNative Method ERRORAndroidRuntime6137     at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.decodeStreamBitmapFactory.java459  ERRORAndroidRuntime6137     at android.graphics.BitmapFactory.decodeFileBitmapFactory.java271 codepre
Negative 63 pI am new on web app development.p  pMy question is ... I have tried some handon development on Zend  Apachephp , Flaskpython, Express under node.js.p  pI found that when I start doing development on Zend framework  Apache, there is no need to restart the apache every time when there is code change in PHP under Controller, Model or Views. It is very convenient and fastp  pHowever, if I work on Flask or Express, I have to restart the whole application everytime when i change code on Controller or Model part. There is no need to restart the server if there is code change on View parts. However, it is annoying enoughp  pRight now, i am working on the project on Flask, how can I avoid the restart the server everytime Can the problem be solved if i put the whole web app on top of Nginxp  pThanks a lotp
Negative 63 pI have a large matrix dt of emergency department visits over 2 months for a set of diagnosis codes. The columns are age, sex, date, county, zip, subjectid, position, diag, and dt the dimensions are 872344 by 9. p  pI want to subset from this matrix and make a new matrix containing only those rows for which the diag column has a number between 800 and 849 all columns. p  pI have been messing with building a loop and using which or if.else but Im running into a mental block. It seems it would be easier if it was just ONE diag code that I wanted to pull out, but the series of 50 codes complicates things... pointing to a loop Does anyone have ideas for how to subset based on finding certain valuesp  pHeres my start it didnt work p  precodedta  dt b  800849 for i in 1lengthb    codepre
Negative 63 pI want to add check for more than one values in where clause. DbRecordExists just check for one filed. I have read that you can extend zend validate abstract class and you can have your own validator. can I have one little example about this please.p  pThank you...p
Negative 63 phow to makes sure that every line has an EVEN number of characters by removing the last character of lines with and ODD number of characters.p  pi tried this but it doesnt work  sed n .pp  pplease helpp
Negative 63 pI have a kinda table like thisp  precodeCREATE TABLE test      id MEDIUMINT NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,     user VARCHAR30,     time VARCHAR30,     status VARCHAR30,     origin VARCHAR30,     PRIMARY KEY id  ENGINEMyISAM PARTITION BY RANGEid      PARTITION p0 VALUES LESS THAN 500000,     PARTITION p1 VALUES LESS THAN 1000000,     PARTITION p2 VALUES LESS THAN 1500000,     PARTITION p3 VALUES LESS THAN 2000000,     PARTITION p4 VALUES LESS THAN 2500000               codepre  pI have Three questionsp  p1 I have here an 1064 errorp  p2 How can i set split test.user as alphabetic range in partitionp  p3 How can i check that the partition was successful  p
Negative 63 pI tried to insert a set of rows as soon as a table is created using the following query in Java as followedp  precodeDECLARE tblexist  PLSINTEGER  BEGIN  select count into tblexist  from usertables where tablename  REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE  if tblexist  0 then      execute immediate create table REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE       ID varchar22 not null primary key,      NAME varchar255 not null       execute immediate insert into REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE ID, NAME values QU,IN THE QUEUE      execute immediate insert into REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE ID, NAME values IN,INCIDENT      execute immediate insert into REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE ID, NAME values CM,COMPLETED      execute immediate insert into REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE ID, NAME values PR,PROCESSING      execute immediate insert into REPROPRINTINGJOBSTATE ID, NAME values CN,CANCELLED  end if  END codepre  pIt failed. Was this because the use of execute immediate statement p
Negative 63 pI am profiling an applicationusing VS 2010 that is behaving badly in production. Once of the recommendations given by VS 2010 isp  blockquote   pRelatively high rate of Gen 1 garbage collections is occurring. If, by   design, most of your programs data structures are allocated and   persisted for a long time, this is not ordinarily a problem. However,   if this behavior is unintended, your app may be pinning objects. If   you are not certain, you can gather .NET memory allocation data and   object lifetime information to understand the pattern of memory   allocation your application uses.p blockquote  pSearching on google gives the following link a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee815714.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryee815714.aspxa. Are there some obvious things that I can do to reduce this issueI seem to be lost here. p  blockquote   pDoubleclick the message in the Errors List window to navigate to the   Marks View of the profiling data. Find the .NET CLR Memory of Gen 0   Collections and .NET CLR Memory of Gen 1 Collections columns.   Determine if there are specific phases of program execution where   garbage collection is occurring more frequently. Compare these values   to the  Time in GC column to see if the pattern of managed memory   allocations is causing excessive memory management overhead.p      pTo understand the applications pattern of managed memory usage,   profile it again running a.NET Memory allocation profile and request   Object Lifetime measurements.p      pFor information about how to improve garbage collection performance,   see Garbage Collector Basics and Performance Hints on the Microsoft   Web site. For information about the overhead of automatic garbage   collection, see Large Object Heap Uncovered.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI am using Sunburnt Python Api For Solr Searchp  pI am using highlighted search in Sunburnt it works fine  p  pI am using the following codep  precodesearchrecord  solrconn.querysearchtext.highlightcontent.highlighttitle records  searchrecord.execute.highlighting codepre  pProblem is it returns only 10 records. I know it can be change from solrconfig.xml but issue is i want all recordsp  pI want to apply pagination using highlighted search of sunburnt p  pcan any one help me ....p
Negative 63 pI have a fully functioning Android widget that consists of a service provider class, the receiver class, and some other resources.p  pI have a separate app that Ive successfully imported the classes and required resources for the widget into.  There is a button menu coded to the hard menu button inside the app and I want to use a button in it to install the widget.  I dont care if the widget shows on the home page I know you cant do that from inside an app I just want the widget to install and become an option on the widgets menu from the home screen.br Ive tried starting the service from inside the app, I tried sending an update to the widget so it would call .OnEnabled, I tried instantiating the java classes... Im obviously missing something and cant figure it out from the android docs.p  pI know this is a really dumb question... p  pHow can I get the serviceProvider to run and install the widget Use WidgetServiceProvider.java and WidgetReceiver.java as examplesp  precodepublic boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item      switch item.getItemId                        ...     case R.id.installWidget                       break      codepre
Negative 63 pIn my project I found this error. UIKitUIPageControl.h file not found. I tried to add UIKit framework again but it is not working . In UIKit framework UIPageControl.h file is there still it gives error. so please help me.p  pIt give me this error msgp  pIn file included from Userstaxsmart2DesktopKevinSix Pack Abs 30 JanSix Pack AbsSix Pack AbsPrefix.pch14 DeveloperPlatformsiPhoneSimulator.platformDeveloperSDKsiPhoneSimulator5.0.sdkSystemLibraryFrameworksUIKit.frameworkHeadersUIKit.h459 fatal error UIKitUIPageControl.h file not found [2]  import p
Negative 63 pThis is a Facebook interview question I came across at an online portal.p  pGiven a set S, find all the maximal subsets whose sum lt k. For example, if S  1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and k  7 Output is 1, 2, 3 1, 2, 4 1, 5 2, 5 3, 4p  pHintsp  ul liOutput doesnt contain any set which is a subset of other.li liIf X  1, 2, 3 is one of the solution then all the subsets of X 1 2 3 1, 2 1, 3 2, 3 are omitted.li liLexicographic ordering may be used to solve it.li ul  pAny ideas how could this be solvedp
Negative 63 pI compile and run this code with MSVC2008p  precodelong double x  111111111 long double y  222222222 long double Z  x  y  cout ltlt z ltlt endl codepre  pWhen I debug, codezcode equalsp  precode24691357975308640 codepre  pMathematically codezcode should bep  precode24691357975308642 codepre  pWhats going on p
Negative 63 pSo I have an activity that goes over my lockscreen. But when I exit it it breaks my lockscreen. Ok, not literally... but I cant successfully LOCK my phone again. I have to restart it. I feel like I am just forgetting to put something in my onDestroy  like I have to reput the lockscreen after its done. Idk. What is the problemp  pLockscreen Activityp  precodeOverride public void onCreateBundle icicle     super.onCreateicicle     setContentViewR.layout.lockscreen     getWindow.addFlagsWindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGKEEPSCREENON             WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAGSHOWWHENLOCKEDgotta get it to open on lock screen      ImageView iv  ImageViewfindViewByIdR.id.Background     iv.getBackground.setAlpha50      Button close  ButtonfindViewByIdR.id.Close     close.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickView v              finish                    KeyguardManager km  KeyguardManagergetSystemServiceKEYGUARDSERVICE     final KeyguardManager.KeyguardLock kl  km.newKeyguardLockIN     kl.disableKeyguard      PowerManager pm  PowerManager getSystemServicePOWERSERVICE     PowerManager.WakeLock wlpm.newWakeLockPowerManager.ACQUIRECAUSESWAKEUP  PowerManager.FULLWAKELOCK, MyApp     wl.acquire      Builder adb  new AlertDialog.Builderthis     adb.setMessageTesting     adb.setCancelablefalse     adb.setNeutralButtonClose,new DialogInterface.OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int which              kl.reenableKeyguard                   AlertDialog ad  adb.create     ad.show      wl.release  codepre  pAs you see I just finish the activity. Am I forgetting to do something onDestroyp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI am trying to implement binary search in Javap  precodeimport java.util.Scanner  public class Search   public static void sequentialsearchint[] array,int searchvariable      boolean flag  false     forint loop0loopltarray.lengthloop              ifarray[loop]  searchvariable                      flag  true             break                   ifflag  true         System.out.printlnThe value is present     else         System.out.printlnThe value is absent   public static int binarysearchrecursiveint[] array,int low,int high,int searchvariable      iflow gt high              return 0          else              int mid         mid  lowhigh2         ifarray[mid]  searchvariable                      return 1                  else if array[mid] gt searchvariable                      return binarysearchrecursivearray, low, mid  1, searchvariable                  else                       return binarysearchrecursivearray, mid  1, high, searchvariable                 public static void mainString[] args       int[] array  10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1     int searchvariable      System.out.printlnPlease enter the number to be search     Scanner number  new ScannerSystem.in     searchvariable  number.nextInt     System.out.printlnThe number to be searched is searchvariable      sequentialsearcharray,searchvariable      if binarysearchrecursivearray, 0, array.length, searchvariable  0         System.out.printlnThe value is present     else         System.out.printlnThe value is absent   codepre  pp  pIm just getting confused while Im getting out of ArrayOutOfBoundsException, when I enter a term which is not found by the algorithm.p  precodePlease enter the number to be search 12 The number to be searched is 12 Exception in thread main java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 10     at Search.binarysearchrecursiveSearch.java32     at Search.binarysearchrecursiveSearch.java42     at Search.binarysearchrecursiveSearch.java42     at Search.binarysearchrecursiveSearch.java42     at Search.mainSearch.java59 codepre  pAny input on this would be helpful. Thanks p
Negative 63 pIm newb in tapestry but Im afraid there is no datetimeField object.p  pIf I use tdatefield component, Ill have a calendar to pick a date, but I would like to pick as well the timep  pIm using tapestry 5.1.0.5 and I would like to use a component like GTimePicker a hrefhttptapestry.apache.orgtapestry4.1componentsdojogtimepicker.html relnofollowhttptapestry.apache.orgtapestry4.1componentsdojogtimepicker.htmla or a hrefhttptapestry.apache.orgtapestry4.1componentsdojodropdowntimepicker.html relnofollowhttptapestry.apache.orgtapestry4.1componentsdojodropdowntimepicker.htmlap  pbut this components looks that are only available for tapestry 4.1p  pI also tried with chenillekit but version 1.0.2 isnt available to download from maven repository and 1.3.3 is not compatible with my tapestry versionp  pThanks a lot in advance for any helpp
Negative 63 pIf I create a class that extends codeUserControlcode and want to set a default value for a codeDependencyPropertycode that is declared in codeUserControlcode, say codeFontSizecode, I can add a static constructor like the followingp  precodestatic MyUserControl      UserControl.FontSizeProperty.OverrideMetadatatypeofMyUserControl,  new FrameworkPropertyMetadata28.0  codepre  pBefore I learned about the codeOverrideMetadatacode method, I used to override the property and set the codeDescriptionAttributecode in the following wayp  precodepublic new static readonly DependencyProperty FontSizeProperty   DependencyProperty.RegisterFontSize, typeofdouble, typeofMyUserControl,  new PropertyMetadata28.0  [DescriptionMy custom description., CategoryText] public new double FontSize      get  return doubleGetValueFontSizeProperty      set  SetValueFontSizeProperty, value   codepre  pThe codeDescriptionAttributecode value is displayed as a popup tooltip in the Properties Window of Visual Studio when a user moves the mouse pointer over the relevant property name. My question is, is it possible to set the codeDescriptionAttributecode value of this codeDependencyPropertycode in a similar way to overriding the metadata Or will I have to keep the CLR gettersetter property and attribute declarationp  pMany thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1525187howdoweexplaintheresultoftheexpressionxxxHow do we explain the result of the expression xxxa  p blockquote    pThe first line of output does not make any sense to me. If n is returning the old variable and then incrementing and n is returning the new variable. I feel like the line should evaluate to 5  5  and thus be 10 not 8 p  precodeincludeltstdio.hgt  int main    int n  5   printf dn,n  n   printfdn,n    return 0  codepre  pOutputp  pre 8 5 pre  pAt first i thought the answer had to do with how differnt compilers interpreted the code. p  pBut as one user pointed out in the comments. This code is in fact incorrect another user offered this link that explains the issue wonderfullyp  pa hrefhttpwww.parashift.comcfaqlitemisctechnicalissues.htmlfaq39.15 relnofollowWhy do some people think x  y  y is badap
Negative 63 pI designed a report using Business Development Studio 2008 and my reporting server is SQL Server 2008 R2. The .rdl report is ready but is it possible to show this report on a Web Form of Visual Studio 2010p
Negative 63 pI wrote the code and saw a bug in firefox and little bug in chromep  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1strict.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt ltheadgt     ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetutf8 gt     lttitlegtMozila Firefoxlttitlegt     ltscript srcajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscriptgt     function         window.scrollfunction             if  window.scrollTop  document.height  window.height                 alert1                                ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt CONTENT FOR SCROLL ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pWhen I scroll this page in firefox i getting bug which covers the black transparent background browser.p  pIn chrome just more and more alerts.p  pstrongClose your tabs in firefoxstrong Live a hrefhttpforum.xeksec.comhabrmozillacrashorwtf relnofollowhttpforum.xeksec.comhabrmozillacrashorwtfap
Negative 63 pWe five people working on the same project. So we have share the project folder. But when we debug the project from the different machines we get the error.. UNC sharing..p  pstrongERRORstrong Configuration Error Description An error occurred during the processing of a configuration file required to service this request. Please review the specific error details below and modify your configuration file appropriately.p  pParser Error Message An error occurred loading a configuration file Failed to start monitoring changes to 192.168.1.15JSchoolSolJSchoolteacher because the network BIOS command limit has been reached. For more information on this error, please refer to Microsoft knowledge base article 810886. Hosting on a UNC share is not supported for the Windows XP Platform.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to move an object on the click of a mouse while the object remains animated. There are a few similar posts on this website, and Ive based my code off this answerp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6287397anefficientalgorithmtomoveostrichsalongalineataconstantspeedAn efficient algorithm to move ostrichs along a line at a constant speedap  pBut I want to use a thread to keep the object animated. How should I do this Heres my codep  precodepublic void movePlayerGraphics g, int finalX, int finalY      int length  finalX  xpos     int height  finalY  ypos      int oldXpos  xpos     int oldYpos  ypos      double speed  20     double distanceX  lengthspeed     double distanceY  heightspeed      double distance  Math.hypotlength,height     double distanceTraveled  0      This currently doesnt work     move  new Threadthis              while distanceTraveledltdistance                      move the object by increments             xpos  distanceX             ypos  distanceY             distanceTraveled  Math.hypotxposoldXpos, ypos  oldYpos             drawPlayerimg, g             forint x  0 x lt 100000 x                  codepre
Negative 63 pStyleCop 4.7.14.0 has the setting Analyze designer files checked by default, and Id like to know if theres any reasoning that would justify code style checks on a designergenerated file.p  pI understand that I can and how to disable it checking these files Im considering doing so, but the question is, why would it be the default to analyze thesep  pArent these files to be left alone Why should we possibly try to make them StyleCopcompliantp
Negative 63 pI am new to this iPhone development. I would like to play the video from url which can be youtube videos or from any url. How can i do this  Can any one suggest me a good method. I have tried p  precode   NSURL fileURL  [NSURL URLWithStringurl]     moviePlayerController  [[MPMoviePlayerController alloc] initWithContentURLfileURL]     [moviePlayerController.view setFrameCGRectMake0, 70, 320, 270]     [self.view addSubviewmoviePlayerController.view]      moviePlayerController.fullscreen  YES      [moviePlayerController play]  codepre  pBut its not working.p
Negative 63 pI have some data which will be displayed like thisp  precodeforeach holidays as holiday                               resultTable .  ltpgtlta hrefholidaygtlinkgtholidaygttitleltagt . ltbrgt .                  holidaygtpubDate . ltbrgt .                  holidaygtdescription . ltinput typecheckbox namesaveCB value3gt . ltbr gtltpgt                               codepre  pIs there an easy way by which when the checkbox is clicked and the data would be added to a mysql table using AJAXp  pRegards Darren p
Negative 63 pI am new to coding in C, most of my experience is in plain old C.p  pI am trying to code an application in C that will look up information from one of many Access databases. Each database is similar in that they have the same tables named appropriate to the database itselfPIC, PICenum, etc. The same table in each database contains the same field names LnetVar, Description, etc. Each database applies to a different data set, which is different from the other databases, which is why I have multiple databases instead of one all encompassing database. It also makes maintaining it much easier.p  pI currently have code that can access one specific database and pull out the data I need for use elsewhere in the code.p  precodeclass DBHandler      lsftTestDataSet.PICDataTable ds      public DBHandlerlsftTestDataSet.PICDataTable ds              this.ds  ds           public string GetDescriptionbyte lnetVar              foreach lsftTestDataSet.PICRow currentRow in ds                      if currentRow.LnetVar  lnetVar                              return currentRow.Description                                return        codepre  pI dont want to do the old CopyPasteModify trick so that it can interact with each database. Rather I want a single function to call that I send the database I want to use as well as the relevant record and field information. From that it searches the database and returns the stored data.p  pI found a similar question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7447295optimizequeryonunknowndatabaseherea, but it was focused on optimizing, not on actually doing it. I was also unable to follow the code snippet given to modify it to use with my code.p  pAny help you can give me would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 63 pI need to put two div elements at the same horizontal level. Doing the way I have done makes  the second one get displayed under the first. I want to place them in a way that they cross over each other while transition.p  pEdit 1 a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netht6M93 relnofollowHerea when the button is pressed to swap their classes, divs move up and down.p  precodeaaidi,aaidi3  webkittransition marginleft 1s easeinout moztransition marginleft 1s easeinout otransition marginleft 1s easeinout transition marginleft 1s easeinout  .left  marginleft 45 border 1px solid green  width 20px height 4px background FF0000   similar for right with marginleft55 ......         lttrgt            lttd colspan3gt               ltdiv idaaidi classleftgt               ltdivgt               ltdiv idaaidi3 classrightgt               ltdivgt            lttdgt         lttrgt  after this there is a button pressing whom changes the class of both divs.  codepre
Negative 63 pBasically I want to achieve something like thisbrp  precodeProcess 1   Thread 1     Receive X from process 2   Thread 2     Receive Y from process 2 Process 2   Thread 1     Send X to process 1   Thread 2     Send Y to process 1 codepre  pin MPI for C language with pthreads library.br I did it already in PVM, heres the source codebr master.c  a hrefhttppastebin.comwwEie7gn relnofollowhttppastebin.comwwEie7gna ,br slave.c  a hrefhttppastebin.comgfeCkcss relnofollowhttppastebin.comgfeCkcssa .br What I tried to dobr prog.c  a hrefhttppastebin.comtCVKN3fe relnofollowhttppastebin.comtCVKN3feabr Somehow receiver threads dont receive anything. I dont know what the problem is. I hope that someone can show me the proper way to do it.br Im running MPI compiled without thread support.brp
Negative 63 pIs there a way to programmatically determine what School District a given physical street address in the US is tied top
Negative 63 pCan any one provide the vb.net equivalent query for the below C linq queryp  precodevar res from volunteer in dtavailableVolunteers      group volunteer by volunteer.Id into g     let volunteerDates  g.SelectgroupedElementgtgroupedElement.date     where arr.AlldategtvolunteerDates.Containsdate     select g.Key codepre  pI wrote the below query but it is throwing overload resolution failed because no accessible select can be called with these arguments Exceptionp  precode Dim dr As DataRow  From item In dtavailableVolunteers.AsEnumerable    Group item By item.VolunteerId Into g  Group                           Let volunteerDates  g.[Select]FunctiongroupedElement groupedElement.FieldSelectedDate                            Where SelectedDatesArray.AllFunction[SelectedDate] volunteerDates.Contains[SelectedDate] Select g codepre
Negative 63 pI have a  class called CoverFlowClass. I used to do this to create a class,p  precodeCoverFlowClass coverFlow  new CoverFlowClassthis coverFlow.setAdapternew ImageAdapterthis codepre  pBut now I want to use XML so I can do layouting. I create an XML code like thisp  precodeltid.co.ajsmsig.display.CoverFlowClass     androidididcoverflow     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt codepre  pBut when I create from the code like this p  precodeCoverFlowClass coverFlow  CoverFlowClass findViewByIdR.id.coverflow coverFlow.setAdapternew ImageAdapterthis codepre  pMy app force closed. The error log in LogCat i found is  p  blockquote   p0418 074634.804 EAndroidRuntime1847 at id.co.ajsmsig.display.CoverFlowMain.onCreateCoverFlowMain.java76. p blockquote  pAnd the line 76 is  p  precodecoverFlow.setAdapternew ImageAdapterthis codepre  pI think because the class is using a parameter in it constructor  new CoverFlowClassthis while findViewById does not give any parameter. I still have no idea, how to make this work Any idea is appreciated.p  pThanksp  pP.s. Below is the CoverFlow class source code p  hr  precodepackage id.co.ajsmsig.display   import android.content.Context import android.graphics.Camera import android.graphics.Matrix import android.util.AttributeSet import android.view.View import android.view.animation.Transformation import android.widget.Gallery import android.widget.ImageView  public class CoverFlowClass extends Gallery              Graphics Camera used for transforming the matrix of ImageViews           private Camera mCamera  new Camera             The maximum angle the Child ImageView will be rotated by               private int mMaxRotationAngle  60             The maximum zoom on the centre Child           private int mMaxZoom  120             The Centre of the Coverflow               private int mCoveflowCenter      public CoverFlowClassContext context    supercontext   this.setStaticTransformationsEnabledtrue        public CoverFlowClassContext context, AttributeSet attrs    supercontext, attrs         this.setStaticTransformationsEnabledtrue        public CoverFlowClassContext context, AttributeSet attrs, int defStyle     supercontext, attrs, defStyle    this.setStaticTransformationsEnabledtrue                   Get the max rotational angle of the image    return the mMaxRotationAngle        public int getMaxRotationAngle    return mMaxRotationAngle           Set the max rotational angle of each image    param maxRotationAngle the mMaxRotationAngle to set        public void setMaxRotationAngleint maxRotationAngle    mMaxRotationAngle  maxRotationAngle           Get the Max zoom of the centre image    return the mMaxZoom        public int getMaxZoom    return mMaxZoom           Set the max zoom of the centre image    param maxZoom the mMaxZoom to set        public void setMaxZoomint maxZoom          mMaxZoom  maxZoom               Get the Centre of the Coverflow       return The centre of this Coverflow.           private int getCenterOfCoverflow          return getWidth  getPaddingLeft  getPaddingRight  2  getPaddingLeft                  Get the Centre of the View       return The centre of the given view.           private static int getCenterOfViewView view          return view.getLeft  view.getWidth  2                   inheritDoc       see setStaticTransformationsEnabledboolean          protected boolean getChildStaticTransformationView child, Transformation t     final int childCenter  getCenterOfViewchild   final int childWidth  child.getWidth    int rotationAngle  0    t.clear   t.setTransformationTypeTransformation.TYPEMATRIX          if childCenter  mCoveflowCenter              transformImageBitmapImageView child, t, 0          else                    rotationAngle  int float mCoveflowCenter  childCenter childWidth   mMaxRotationAngle             if Math.absrotationAngle gt mMaxRotationAngle               rotationAngle  rotationAngle lt 0  mMaxRotationAngle  mMaxRotationAngle                             transformImageBitmapImageView child, t, rotationAngle                          return true           This is called during layout when the size of this view has changed. If    you were just added to the view hierarchy, youre called with the old    values of 0.       param w Current width of this view.    param h Current height of this view.    param oldw Old width of this view.    param oldh Old height of this view.           protected void onSizeChangedint w, int h, int oldw, int oldh          mCoveflowCenter  getCenterOfCoverflow         super.onSizeChangedw, h, oldw, oldh                  Transform the Image Bitmap by the Angle passed             param imageView ImageView the ImageView whose bitmap we want to rotate      param t transformation       param rotationAngle the Angle by which to rotate the Bitmap          private void transformImageBitmapView child, Transformation t, int rotationAngle                    mCamera.save       final Matrix imageMatrix  t.getMatrix       final int imageHeight  child.getLayoutParams.height       final int imageWidth  child.getLayoutParams.width       final int rotation  Math.absrotationAngle        mCamera.translate0.0f, 0.0f, 100.0f        As the angle of the view gets less, zoom in            if  rotation lt mMaxRotationAngle          float zoomAmount  float mMaxZoom   rotation  1.5        mCamera.translate0.0f, 0.0f, zoomAmount                          mCamera.rotateYrotationAngle       mCamera.getMatriximageMatrix                      imageMatrix.preTranslateimageWidth2, imageHeight2        imageMatrix.postTranslateimageWidth2, imageHeight2       mCamera.restore    codepre
Negative 63 pwe are running Fortify scans on various Drupal modules, and a common criticalhigh result is Insecure Randomness. It states that the rand function cannot withstand a cryptographic attack.p  pMy question  is this a serious concern How to fix it in PHPp  pThank you.p
Negative 63 pSee image belowp  pimg srchttpimg28.imageshack.usimg285286pic1we.png altillustrationp  pAssume its on android device screen. Dot 1 is the current position. I want to get the x,y position of Dot 2 following the linear blue line lets say the range between dot 2 and dot 1 is 50dp. The black box is the source point of the blue line.p  pWhat is the term for this Translationp  pIs there anyone know the algorithmp  pI developed android application using AndEngine, if you know there is builtin function for that, please let me know. Same too for android openGL ES library.p  pNote Im not looking for a way to move object using MoveModifier.p  pThx in advance.p
Negative 63 pWhen a user has an associated codeHttpSessioncode object and then want to log out of the application you would invalidate that codeHttpSessioncode which in turn would remove it from the map that the ServletContext keep of all sessions. But this only removes it on the server side, what happens on the client side Does the user still keep keep the cookie with the session ID which now no longer has a corresponding session object on the server and keeps sending this to the webserver And what happens when the user wants to login again after logging outp
Negative 63 precode ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparent androidorientationvertical gt  ltEditText     androidididetNum     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheight102dp     androidhintstringPlease enter a department number.      androidinputTypenumber     gt      ltEditText     androidididetName     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheight102dp     androidhintstringOr enter a department name.      androidinputTypestring     gt   ltButton     androidididbtnSearch     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheight70dp     androidtextstringSearch gt   ltTextView     androidididtvDisplay     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheight0dip     androidlayoutweight0.19 gt   ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pAt the very end of the second EditText, im getting a  error Error parsing XML not wellformed invalid token.  Im not sure what could be causing this.p
Negative 63 pI am using the above and want to have some inline inputs in my horizontal form. e.g p  precodeZip  City codepre  pTried several things, like floating or own divs, but it never worked for me. Further, I would prefer to find a a DSL solution instead of css.p  pOn the other side would you rather recommend to use twitterbootstrapformforp
Negative 63 pReading, the Django docs on manytomany relationships when you need an extra field on the intermediary table, its not clear to me what you gain by defining the relationship as manytomany vs just having a foreign key to the intermediary model in each of your models.p  pFor instance, in the example here a hrefhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comendevtopicsdbmodelsintermediarymanytomany relnofollowhttpsdocs.djangoproject.comendevtopicsdbmodelsintermediarymanytomanyap  pWhy bother with the ManyToManyField line Does it allow you to refer to the relationship any differently Does it change something in the admin p
Negative 63 pi have to create Oval shaped Football ground like thisimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.commPyjA.png altenter image description herep  pBut i have no idea about which classObject can do this in iPhone and when user touch this ,heshe got the position of football.i did lot of googling,but not succeeded,Please Help i am trying this code in UIButtonp  precodeUIButton button  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeCustom]   button.backgroundColor[UIColor greenColor] [button addTargetself actionselectorTappeMe forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside]  [button setTitle forStateUIControlStateNormal]  button.frame  CGRectMake15.0, 10.0, 300.0, 400.0  button.clipsToBounds  YES  button.layer.cornerRadius  130 button.layer.borderColor[UIColor redColor].CGColor  button.layer.borderWidth3.0f  [self.view addSubviewbutton] codepre  pi got this  Outputimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9J3t6.png altenter image description herep  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 63 pI want to use my class as a property in my project. The idea is that i have a class which contains all list ellements. The basic idea i show below in graphimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comg8IGv.jpg altenter image description here So i have a myContainerClass object, and i want to do in some other class property strong,nonatomic MyContainerClass obj and here i have error I figure out that i can only use Foundations type as a property. But Why What is replacement for doing that passing an objectp
Negative 63 pI am building mobile app for Android and iOS platforms using Phonegap. I want to use a stronghtml5 document viewerstrong to display strongpdfs, pptsstrong and all in the mobile app.brbr I saw Crocodoc. Its good, but i need to something open source which i can tinker with. brbr Can you please suggest if currently there are any open source solutions to display documents in the mobile app p
Negative 63 pI was trying to find a generic solution to a problem where I was restricting the movement of Popup so that it does not go off the Application Screen , I just wanted to make sure that I listen to the move events of Popup so that these events can be heard in SysmtemManager and get the rawchildren where we have the popup and check for conditionts to make sure that they dont go off the screen in that way I dont need to write the code for everypop move event to restrict .p  pCan somebody share your experience if  you have done before listening to the move events of PopUp.p  pThanks Sidp
Negative 63 pI was under the impression that int instruction on x86 is not privileged. So, I thought we should be able to execute this instruction from the user space application. But does not seem so. p  pI am trying to execute int from user application on windows. I know it may not be right to do so. But I wanted to have some fun. But windows is killing my application. p  pI think the issue is due to condition cpl ltiopl. Does anyone know how to get around itp
Negative 63 pI have a table of items which is retrieved from the internet. This table can  be pretty huge, and I need to put it in a Form. I initially did it using a scrollView, however the list is too long, and may cause user frustration.p  pI have looked at the contact picker, this is a standard API and I would like to replicate something like that.p  pI have an Activity which shows the list of items. Should I call this activity and handle the picking of the items from within here What im looking for if there is a class that I should inherit instead of doing it this way.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to make functionality for deleting column from grid, but I have problem with detecting on which column user right clicked right click  context menu with delete option.br For the moment Im displaying the contextMenu something like that  p  precodeviewConfig          stripeRows true,         listeners              itemcontextmenu functionview, rec, node, index, e                  e.stopEvent                 contextMenu.showAte.getXY                 return false                           , codepre
Negative 63 pIve been working on Android program to send email with an attachment textplainusing codeIntentcode with codeIntent.ACTIONSENDcode I used codeIntent.putParcelableArrayListExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRASTREAM, uricode However, when I tried to have multiple files attached to the same mail by calling codeIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRASTREAM, uricode multiple times, it failed to work. None of the attachment show up in the email.Thanks in Advancep  precode      final Intent emailIntent  new Intentandroid.content.Intent.ACTIONSEND       System.out.printlnemailTextemailTo       emailIntent.setTypetextplain       emailIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRATEXT,emailText       emailIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRASUBJECT, subject       emailIntent.putExtraandroid.content.Intent.EXTRAEMAIL,new String[]emailTo        has to be an ArrayList       ArrayListltUrigt uris  new ArrayListltUrigt        convert from paths to Android friendly Parcelable Uris       try                    for String file  filePaths                              File fileIn  new Filecontext.getFilesDir,file                 System.out.printlnfileInyes                 Uri u   Uri.fromFilefileIn                 uris.addu                 System.out.printlnu                    emailIntent.putParcelableArrayListExtraIntent.EXTRASTREAM,uris       context.startActivityIntent.createChooseremailIntent, Send mail...        codepre
Negative 63 pAnyone experience problems utilizing the sort method in the GroupingStore.js file of ExtJS 3.2.1   I have over 2000 records to load in a grid control and I get long running script notices.   It goes away and continues processing. p  pI know there is a registry fix published by MS to fix this, but Id rather resolve it with coding if possible.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI want to build an application app A that builds another application app B and that edits the .proj file for compiling .proj of app B.  I am familiar with MSbuild but I wonder if there is a way of using it inside my code to compile the app. I want the customer to customize the build settings and to get the latest libraries he wants from a a team foundation server. I really need a good place to start with this.p
Negative 63 pI have the following Java codep  precodepublic class FirstActivity extends Activity implements OnClickListener       Button btn     TextView textview       Called when the activity is first created.      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState               super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main          textview  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.textView2         btn  ButtonfindViewByIdR.id.BtnGoToSecondActivity         btn.setOnClickListenerthis           public void onClickView v              Intent secondActivityIntent  new Intentthis, SecondActivity.class         secondActivityIntent.putExtraName, textview.getText         startActivitysecondActivityIntent       codepre  pEvery bit of code makes sense until I hit the this keyword in the example above. I cant get my head around the this keyword used as an argument in the setOnClickListener method call..  I havent created an instance of any of the used classes above. How can I refer to an instance that is nonexisting Is the instance created automaticallyp  pI know what the this keyword is and what it does, but in this case I dont see the logicp
Negative 63 pI am getting an codeltdivgt.textvalue.html is not a functioncode error in the code belowp  precodefunction htmlEncodevalue       return ltdivgt.textvalue.html    function startImageUploadimageuploadform, imagefilename      .imagef1cancel.eqwindow.lastUploadImageIndex.html         ltdivgt           htmlEncodeimagefilename           ltbutton typebutton classimageCancel cancelimagefilename           imagefilename           gtCANCELltbuttongtltdivgt           return true  codepre  pHow can this error be fixedp  pThe strange thing is I have a similar code below but different function stopImageUpload and the code works fine belowp  precode function htmlEncodevalue           return ltdivgt.textvalue.html            function stopImageUploadsuccess, imagefilename          imagecounter         .listImage.eqwindow.lastUploadImageIndex.append             ltdivgt               htmlEncodeimagefilename              ltbutton typebutton classdeletefileimage imagefilename              imagefilename               gtRemoveltbuttongtltbrgtlthrgtltdivgt                    return true         codepre  pLink to application to see what is happening is here a hrefhttphelios.hud.ac.uku0867587MobileappQandATable2.php relnofollowapplicationap
Negative 63 pI am working on Silverlight 4 with mvvm and WCF services.p  pWhenever i am adding items from child window to main window .But at the same time main window automatically going to disabling mode.I think main window automatically freezes.p  pCould you please help me on this...Its Urgentp  pChildWindow ViewModelp  precode    public class AddFormFieldInformationViewModel  ViewModelBase     private FieldInformationViewModel FieldInformationViewModel     public FieldInformationViewModel FieldInformationViewModel              get  return FieldInformationViewModel          set                      FieldInformationViewModel  value             RaisePropertyChangedFieldInformationViewModel                public void MoveSaveobject obj      this.FieldInformationViewModel.SelectedFormFields  FieldInformationModel                             ResultHandlertrue   codepre  ppublic Action ResultHandler  get set  p  pChildWindow .xaml.cs filep  precodepublic partial class AddExistingFormFieldCategoryView  ChildWindow      private AddFormFieldInformationViewModel vm     public AddExistingFormFieldCategoryView              InitializeComponent          vm  new AddFormFieldInformationViewModel         this.DataContext  vm         vm.ResultHandler  result gt  if result  Close                  codepre  pMain Window ViewModelp  precodepublic class FieldInformationViewModel  ViewModelBase    private void executeOpenChildWindowobject parameter              AddExistingFormFieldCategoryView cw  new AddExistingFormFieldCategoryView         AddFormFieldInformationViewModelcw.DataContext.FieldInformationViewModel  this         cw.Show      codepre  pp  pAfter Adding Items from child window into main window.Some time my main window automatically freezing.p
Negative 63 pI know there have been a number of discussions of whether break and continue should be considered harmful generally with the bottom line being  more or less  that it depends in some cases they enhance clarity and readability, but in other cases they do not.p  pSuppose a new project is starting development, with plans for nightly builds including a run through a static analyzer. Should it be part of the coding guidelines for the project to avoid or strongly discourage the use of codecontinuecode and codebreakcode, even if it can sacrifice a little readability and require excessive indentation Im most interested in how this applies to C code.p  pEssentially, can the use of these control operators significantly complicate the static analysis of the code possibly resulting in additional false negatives, that would otherwise register a potential fault if break or continue were not used p  pOf course a complete static analysis proving the correctness of an aribtrary program is an undecidable proposition, so please keep responses about any handson experience with this you have, and not on theoretical impossibilitiesp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI have an osgi application in felix with multiple bundles. There are some common property files in one bundle and the rest of the bundles need just use them.p  pWe use maven and spring osgi, the property files are in resouces likep  precodeltpath to bundlegtsrcmainresources     common.properties     engine.properties     ... codepre  pMaven builds them inside the bundle jar normally so they should be in an application classpath, but Spring has no access to them, this failsp  precodeltcontextpropertyplaceholder locationclasspathcommon.properties gt codepre  ptried classpath and other combinationsp  pIve read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7191162springpropertyplaceholderconfigurercannotfindpropertyfilethisa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6244993noaccesstobundleresourcefileosgithisap  pIs it really some global issue with osgi ideology and no standard way to get it working Only hacks and workarounds like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma6251422365675thata or codeltosgixcmProperties...gtcodep  pIt concerns because it makes deployment harder and errorprone you cant deploy property files inside jars with just codemvn deploycode as in normal application,  youll have to manually copy them to the production box on each release.p
Negative 63 pIm creating an iPhone application that integrates the PayPal API for iOS. The API requires the API credentials when sending a request. I read the PayPal API and it saysp  blockquote   pNever send Express Checkout requests from your mobile application directly to PayPal. The requests require your PayPal API credentials. Placing your credentials on mobile devices exposes you and PayPal to unacceptable security risks. Send Express Checkout requests only from secure servers.p blockquote  pMy question is, what is the best way of storing the API credentials so as to decrease the possibilities for my credentials being exposed or hacked Is attaching the credentials to an iPhone build risky Why or how Is storing these credentials on a secure server reliable enoughp  pEDIT how can keychain access api on iOS can help me with thisp
Negative 63 pSince I want to build reliable communication in mobile apps, could I get push failed reportsmaybe device is offline from the third party push services C2DM, APN, urban airship  Or We need to build it by ourselvesp
Negative 63 pIm trying to use a VB button to insert data into a database, but it keeps bringing up the error message I have in place for exceptions.p  pCan anyone help me with why this does not update the databasep  precode   Protected Sub Button1Clicksender As Object, e As System.EventArgs Handles Button1.Click      Dim connetionString As String     Dim sqlCnn As SqlConnection     Dim sql As String     Dim adapter As New SqlDataAdapter     Dim Customer As String  TextBox1.Text     Dim Product As String  TextBox2.Text     Dim Location As String  TextBox3.Text     Dim Details As String  TextBox4.Text     Dim Owners As String  DropDownList1.Text     Dim Urgency As String  DropDownList2.Text       connetionString  Data SourceZUK55APP02Initial CatalogBugFixPortalUser IDSLCPasswordrep     sql  INSERT INTO Requests Owner, Customer, Product, Location, Urgency, Details VALUES  amp Owners amp ,  amp Customer amp ,  amp Product amp ,  amp Location amp ,  amp Urgency amp ,  amp Details amp      sqlCnn  New SqlConnectionconnetionString      Try         sqlCnn.Open         adapter.UpdateCommand  sqlCnn.CreateCommand         adapter.UpdateCommand.CommandText  sql         adapter.UpdateCommand.ExecuteNonQuery         sqlCnn.Close      Catch ex As Exception         MsgBoxUnable to update Database with Request  Please speak to Supervisor      End Try  End Sub codepre
Negative 63 pIs there a way in erlang to get exactly how much memory a SSL connection takes p  pRight now Im kinda guessing by dividing the whole beam.smp size minus the init size in memory by the number of connected clients... p  pIm using R15B01p  pThe SSL connection is handled by a genserver, doing p  precodeprocessinfospawnFun, memory. codepre  pgive me after gc calling p  precodememory,2108  codepre  pThis clearly does not contain the SSL socket connection size.p
Negative 63 pIve never been clear on exactly how much of the declaration line typically placed in the header file makes it into the first line of the function definition. Some keywords cause compilation to fail if theyre repeated in the definition, some dont. p  pAs an example, consider an exception class inherited from codestdexceptioncode. The redefinition of the codewhatcode function typically looks likep  precodevirtual const char what const throw codepre  pOkay, fine. If I define this in a source file, and I copy over this line exactlyp  precodevirtual const char what const throw  codepre  pcompilation fails with a message like virtual outside class declaration. I delete virtual and it compiles fine. What are the rules for what parts of the function declaration need to be repeated in in its definition Static Inline Is there a reference that describes concisely which parts are necessaryp
Negative 63 pIm learning a basics of Smalltalk. Theres a codesupercode keyword which is used to call a method from superclass inside a subclass methodp  precodeObject subclass  A    test       1  A subclass  B    test       2    callSuper       super test codepre  pSo codeB new callSupercode evaluates to code1code.p  pOK. Thats clear.p  pSo now, Im defining a bunch of class methods for codeBcode classp  precodecreateNew1     super new createNew2     self new create     self createSuper     super codepre  pAnd they evaluates respectively to codea Bcode, codea Bcode, codeBcode and an error which shows me that codesupercode is not a cast to subclass but kind of a message dispatcher.p  pWhy am I getting instances of codeBcode class despite codesupercode keyword And whats a difference between codea Bcode and codeBcode objects Ive started to think that the codeBcode object is a special, singletone instance just like codestaticcode attributes are implemented in other languages of class codeBcode, but still  Ive checked and its class is a codeBcode and subclass is an codeAcode.p  pstrongWhat is the semantics of codesupercode keyword in class methodsstrong How it differs from semantics inside objects methods What really is the object which can be obtained by calling codeselfcode inside class methodp
Negative 63 pI have a small issue with EF. Im performing a query on a large table, and it takes very long. I think I found the cause, but cannot find a solutionp  pMy LINQ query looks like thisp  precodeIEnumerableltstringgt o  from P in Table where P.ITEMID  itemid ampamp P.IMAGESIZE  size select P.PATH return o.Any  o.FirstOrDefault  null codepre  pI expect this to produce a SQL query with a where clause, but what it actually produces is thisp  precodeSELECT  [Extent1].[ITEMID] AS [ITEMID],  [Extent1]......... snap 10 columns FROM [dbo].[TABLE] AS [Extent1] codepre  pThe where clause and select I try to select only one column are executed after enumeration. What I want it to do is to produce a SQL query with the where clause and select only one column.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 63 pI am trying to allow users to import saved Missions into a Syllabus post. A Syllabus has many Missions, and the Syllabus form is a nested form where the user can Add Missions, which will append a new Missions textbox. p  pWhen I import missions, I want the javascript tobr  1. click add missions link which adds a nested form br  2. input values of the imported missions into the ckeditor textbox.p  pIMPORTFORM.HTML.ERBp  precode lt formtagimportmissionspath, method gt post, id gt importjs   do f gt   ltulgt   lt currentuser.folders.findbyorder1.missions.each do mission gt ltligt lt checkboxtag missionids[], mission.id gt   lt mission.id.tos  .   mission.title gt ltligt   lt end gt   ltulgt   lt submittag Import , class gt btn btnprimary gt lt end gt codepre  pthis then goes to SYLLABUSESIMPORTp  precodedef import missionshash  []     loop through each mission id from missionsid params[missionids].each do id  missionshash ltlt Mission.findid end respondto do format   format.html  redirectto editsyllabuspathsyllabus, notice imported    format.js  render foldersimport.js  end end codepre  pwhich I then want to render IMPORT.JS.ERB file, and pass in  the missionshash. The code below is probably wrong, and this is where I need help fixing it.p  pIMPORT.JS.ERBp  precodeloop for each mission passed in  lt missionhash.each do mission gt   click add missions   addmissionsbutton.triggerclick   pass in mission.title amp mission.content to form textbox value lt end gt codepre  pWhat is the correct syntax to pass in the Ruby params into this Javascript.erb file Also, I want to copy the title and content of the imported Missions into the newly added mission form boxp  precode  lt f.textfield title, class gtrow span6 gt   lt f.cktextarea content, toolbar gt MyToolbar, class gt row span6, rows gt 5, placeholder gt What is the first step a learner should do e.g. Watch an intro video, read certain article gt codepre  pHow would I copy it into the values of these  textboxes, so the user can edit it after importingp  pI realize this question is badly organized, but I tried to make it as simple as possible without explaining the entire background. Im still a beginner so please understand..p
Negative 63 pI had return a program it will check  which file is present or not and it will check no of column p  precodecreate or replace procedure chkcsvfile PUTLDIR VARCHAR2, PFILENAME  VARCHAR2, Ptabnam   VARCHAR2  is   Pfieldel varchar22 ,     V1 VARCHAR232767     Perrlen number 0    lva number    lvb number    lvc number    lvd number    lvcheckfileexist boolean     vfile utlfile.filetype     cursor c1  is   select count from usertables where TABLENAME Ptabnam    cursor c2  is   select count from usertabcolumns where TABLENAME Ptabnam  begin  open c1 fetch c1 into lvc if lvc  0 then dbmsoutput.putlinetable name is invalid    Ptabnam end if  test wheather file is  available or not dbmsoutput.putline test wheather file is  available or not utlfile.fgetattr PUTLDIR,PFILENAME, lvcheckfileexist, lva, lvb  if lvcheckfileexist then  dbmsoutput.putlinefile   PFILENAME    exists  vfile  utlfile.fopenPUTLDIR,PFILENAME, R  UTLFILE.getline vfile ,V1,32767  DBMSOUTPUT.putline V1   V1  if REGEXPlike V1, ,,1 then Perrlen   Perrlen 1  dbmsoutput.putline errrooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooorr  dbmsoutput.putline Perrlen   end if  end if if not lvcheckfileexist then dbmsoutput.putlinefile    PFILENAME    does not exist end if if lvcheckfileexist is null then dbmsoutput.putlinefile check null end if if lvcheckfileexist is not null then dbmsoutput.putlinefile check not null end if dbmsoutput.putlinelvagtlva dbmsoutput.putlinelvbgtlvb  open c2 fetch c2 into lvd dbmsoutput.putline No of columns in a table    lvd   end  codepre  pNOW my problem is i have to match  ,  in a string and i want the count of it . i had written the program but it not give me specific count .p  pdata in string is given in below formatp  precode7839,KING      ,PRESIDENT,0000,17nov1981, 005000.00 ,000000.00,10, codepre  pplease help me  thanks in advancep
Negative 63 pIve researched the Method Stub Generator in Visual Studio, and found that it runs a code snippet.p  pIve never worked with snippets before, and was wondering if it would be possible to add comments above the method generated. Ive found the snippet that it uses, and had a read of it, but it is all very foreign to me. Im hoping that instead of VS creating a stub like thisp  precode    private string SetStringint p              throw new NotImplementedException      codepre  pI can get something like thisp  precode     ltsummarygt            ltsummarygt      ltparam namepgtltparamgt      ltreturnsgtltreturnsgt     private string SetStringint p              throw new NotImplementedException      codepre  pI realise that it will only offer a small time saving, but its also a learning curve.p  pAny help would be great.p  pP.S. Ive been able to edit the  CProgram FilesMicrosoft Visual Studio 10.0VCSnippets1033RefactoringMethodStub.snippet so that when a stub is created it contains the three slashes at the beginning, but this does not invoke what ever method inserts the XML skeleton.p  pDoes anyone have any idea how Visual Studio inserts that skeleton when you enter the three slashesp  pIf you are interested. To enter the three slashes, i just changed these two lines in the above file fromp  precodelt[CDATA[signature codepre  ptop  precodelt[CDATA[ signature codepre
Negative 63 pSometimes I wish to perform a join whereby I take the largest value of one column. Doing this I have to perform a max and a groupby which prevents me from retrieving the other columns from the row which was the max beause they were not contained in a GROUP BY or aggregate function.p  pTo fix this, I join the max value back on the original data source, to get the other columns. However, my problem is that this sometimes returns more than one row.p  pSo, so far I have something likep  precodeSELECT  FROM     SELECT Col1, MaxCol2 FROM Table GROUP BY Col1 tab1 JOIN     SELECT Col1, Col2 FROM Table tab2 ON tab1.Col2  tab2.Col2 codepre  pIf the above query now returns three rows which match the largest value for column2 I have a bit of a headache.p  pIf there was an extra column col3 and for the rows returned by the above query, I only wanted to return the one which was, say the minimum Col3 value how would I do thisp
Negative 63 pa hrefhttpwww.boost.orglibsoptionalBoost.Optionala uses a dummy type to allow constructing uninitialized instances of codeboostoptionalltTgtcode. This type is called codenonetcode, and an instance codenonecode is already defined in a header for convenience, allowing us to write code such as the followingp  precodeboostoptionalltintgt uninitializedboostnone codepre  pLooking at the definition of codenonetcode, I noticed that it is in fact a typedef corresponding to a pointertomember to some dummy structp  precodenamespace boost   namespace detail  struct nonehelper   typedef int detailnonehelpernonet   nonet const none  staticcastltnonetgt0     namespace boost codepre  pWhat are the advantages of using such a convoluted typedef over a simple empty struct like thisp  precodenamespace boost   struct nonet   nonet const none    namespace boost codepre
Negative 63 pNow i send message array as a query string to another page.but when i catch the next page we have a arr.Length know  normally it shows the intellisense but in this case it doesnt show.p  phere is msgarr pass to the another pagep  precode private void checkstring keyword , params Array[] msgarr              switch keyword.ToUpper                      case  SETTELG                 Response.Redirect..SMSFunctionSeenSMS.ascxvalue1amparr  msgarr                  break codepre  pBelow code is the next page i wanted to catch that passed value amp arraymsgarr.but length doent workp  precode protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e              if IsPostBack                      string Moose  Request.QueryString[1]                   if msgarr  null                      if msgarr.Length  3 ampamp msgarr[1].ToLower  slett                                             codepre  phere is the second code screenshot,you can see Length not shown  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTmors.png althere is the second code screenshot,you can see Length not shownp
Negative 63 pI am running the following queryp  pIt takes 5 min to return about 68000 records. But If I remove, the LKPPrivateSource i.e. The last Left Join from the query, then it takes 1 SECOND to return 68000 records. BTY, there are no records in LKPPrivateSource table. Any idea about whats causing the issuep  precodeSelect Case IsNullLNK.StockID,0     When 0 Then AE.StockID     Else LNK.StockID End StockID, IsNullAE.LinkID,0 LinkID,IsNullLNK.CapitalID,0 CapitalID,DE.SourceName ,AE.SourceDate Date ,IsNullAE.Formula, Formula From AERevenuData AE Left Join Linking LNK WithNoLock ON LNK.LinkIDAE.LinkID Inner Join DEDataEntities DE ON DE.EntityIDAE.EntityID Inner Join DataEntityIDs TE ON TE.EntityIDDE.EntityID Inner Join STGLockedEntityData STG ON STG.StockIDIsNullLNK.StockID,AE.StockID AND STG.CapitalIDIsNullLNK.CapitalID,0  Left Join LKPPrivateSource PS ON IsNullPS.PSourceId,0IsNullAE.PSourceID,0 Where AE.ProjectID IN 13 AND AE.LinkID IS NOT NULL codepre  pPlease see below the planp  precode  Compute ScalarDEFINE[Expr1017]CASE WHEN [Expr1026]0 THEN [MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[StockID] as [AE].[StockID] ELSE [MYDBNAME].[dbo].[INVInvestorFundLinking].[StockID] as [LNK].[StockID] END    Nested LoopsLeft Outer Join, OUTER REFERENCES[Expr1027]         FilterWHERE[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[STGLockedEntityData].[StockID] as [STG].[StockID]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[INVInvestorFundLinking].[StockID] as [LNK].[StockID],[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[StockID] as [AE].[StockID] AND [MYDBNAME].[dbo].[STGLockedEntityData].[CapitalID] as [STG].[CapitalID][Expr1019]             Compute ScalarDEFINE[Expr1019]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[INVInvestorFundLinking].[CapitalID] as [LNK].[CapitalID],0, [Expr1026]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[INVInvestorFundLinking].[StockID] as [LNK].[StockID],0                  Nested LoopsLeft Outer Join, OUTER REFERENCES[AE].[LinkID]                       Nested LoopsInner Join, WHERE[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[LinkID] as [AE].[LinkID][MYDBNAME].[dbo].[STGLockedEntityData].[LinkID] as [STG].[LinkID]                           SortORDER BY[Expr1027] ASC                               Hash MatchInner Join, HASH[TE].[EntityID][AE].[EntityID]                                    Nested LoopsInner Join, OUTER REFERENCES[Uniq1008], [DE].[ListingID]                                        Nested LoopsInner Join, OUTER REFERENCES[TE].[EntityID]                                            Table ScanOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[DataEntityIDs] AS [TE]                                            Index SeekOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[DEDataEntities].[PKDEDataSources] AS [DE], SEEK[DE].[EntityID][MYDBNAME].[dbo].[DataEntityIDs].[EntityID] as [TE].[EntityID] ORDERED FORWARD                                        Clustered Index SeekOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[DEDataEntities].[IXDEDataSources] AS [DE], SEEK[DE].[ListingID][MYDBNAME].[dbo].[DEDataEntities].[ListingID] as [DE].[ListingID] AND [Uniq1008][Uniq1008] LOOKUP ORDERED FORWARD                                    Compute ScalarDEFINE[Expr1018][MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[LinkID] as [AE].[LinkID], [Expr1020]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[Formula] as [AE].[Formula],, [Expr1021]CONVERTbit,[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[IsSumOfFunds] as [AE].[IsSumOfFunds],0, [Expr1022]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[ClientSpecificSource] as [AE].[ClientSpecificSource],N, [Expr1023]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[GenericSource] as [AE].[GenericSource],N, [Expr1027]isnull[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[PSourceID] as [AE].[PSourceID],0                                         Clustered Index SeekOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[IXAERevenueData] AS [AE], SEEK[AE].[ProjectID]13,  WHERE[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[LinkID] as [AE].[LinkID] IS NOT NULL ORDERED FORWARD                           Table ScanOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[STGLockedEntityData] AS [STG]                       Index SeekOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[INVInvestorFundLinking].[PKLinking1] AS [LNK], SEEK[LNK].[LinkID][MYDBNAME].[dbo].[AERevenueData].[LinkID] as [AE].[LinkID] ORDERED FORWARD         Clustered Index SeekOBJECT[MYDBNAME].[dbo].[LKPPrivateSource].[PKLKPFactsetSource] AS [PS], SEEK[PS].[PSourceID][Expr1027] ORDERED FORWARD codepre
Negative 63 pI have been searching for an answer and trying out stuff for days now and I still cant get it to work.p  pI have Server bound Grid I cant use Ajax binding because of whole set of different reasons and when user edits or inserts a new row I need to do 2 thingsp  pstrong1. I need to pick up all values from hidden fields on the page and put them in an array of ints. 2. I need to pass this array to the controller on InsertUpdate row.strongp  pNow with ajax binding I figured out how to do this. I set up javaScript function on client event that does the work. But afaik most of the client events dont work with server binding so Im stuck.p  ponSave Client event would be perfect for this but it doesnt work with server binding.p  pPassing a single variable on Insert or Update as a third parameter is easy but my case is a bit more complicated and I cant get it to work.p  precode.InsertInsert, Posudbe, new   .UpdateUpdate, Posudbe, new   codepre  pSo I basically need to do those two things in this code above in the third parameter.p  pTnx 4 the answers if any.p
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7352493failedtoloadthejnisharedlibraryjdkFailed to Load the JNI shared Library JDKa  p blockquote    pI have download new classic eclipse 64 bits i also changed in eclipse.ini and android jdk tools also install  but still getting below error. Failed to load the JNI shared library CProgram Files x86Javajre6binclientjvm.dll  how to solve problem p  pPlease Help me.p
Negative 63 pCan I destroy this function or mousemove eventp  pI have some code in jQuery that is giving me headaches. I found this code online that I serviar for mousemove effect when passing over the elements, but wanted to know how can destuir supplement or delete the event when I leave him.p  pAn example I have is as followsp  precodeicons.mouseenterfunctione      this.finddiv.slidemouse   icons.mouseleavefunctione      this.finddiv.slidemousedestroy  codepre  pCode pluginp  precodefunction      .fn.slidemousefunctionoptions          var defaults                          height240px,             widthExpandtrue,             mirrorfalse,             mirrorOpacity.3                  var opts.extenddefaults,options         var expands1         var galleryWidth0         var selfthis         self.cssoverflow,hidden         self.children.cssheight,opts.height         self.children.children.eachfunctionindex              galleryWidthgalleryWidththis.outerWidthtrue                           ifopts.widthExpand              whilegalleryWidthltself.width                  self.children.childrennthchildexpands.clone.appendToself.children                 galleryWidthgalleryWidthself.children.childrennthchildexpands.outerWidthtrue                 expands                               self.children.csswidth,galleryWidth         ifopts.mirror              self.clone.insertAfterself.attrid,             self.next.fadeTo0,opts.mirrorOpacity                  ifopts.widthExpandopts.mirror              window.bindresize,resizeWindow                  function resizeWindow              ifopts.widthExpand                  galleryWidth0                 self.children.children.eachfunctionindex                      galleryWidthgalleryWidththis.outerWidthtrue                                  whilegalleryWidthltself.width                      self.children.childrennthchildexpands.clone.appendToself.children                     galleryWidthgalleryWidthself.children.childrennthchildexpands.outerWidthtrue                     expands                                  self.children.csswidth,galleryWidth                 ifopts.mirror                      self.next.remove                     self.clone.insertAfterself.attrid,                     self.next.fadeTo0,opts.mirrorOpacity                                                this.parent.mousemovefunctione              var xe.pageXthis.offsetLeft             var calcself.children.widthself.widthself.width             var leftxcalc             var rightself.widthxcalc             self.stop.animatescrollLeft left, 500             ifopts.mirror                  self.next.stop.animatescrollLeft right, 500                             jQuery codepre
Negative 63 pI have two tablesp  precodeEvents ID, Name, Time, Recorder Video ID, StartTime, EndTime, Recorder, Filename codepre  pI wish to join the Event data to the video data, so that for every event I get the video filename. The recorder field is used to specify which recorder was operable at the events time, and assists with multiple recorders recording video at the same time.p  pIf i wasnt concerned about the events which have no video then this is fine I can get the SQL, however in my case i wish to show the closest video filename and the seconds difference.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pSample Datap  pEventsp  precode1, EV1, 20120101 1200, A 2, EV2, 20120101 1300, B 3, EV3, 20120101 1215, B 4, EV4, 20120101 1145, A codepre  pVideop  precode1, 20120101 1200, 20120101 1230, A, 1.mpg 2, 20120101 1300, 20120101 1330, A, 2.mpg  3, 20120101 1200, 20120101 1230, B, 3.mpg codepre  pResult EventID, VideoID, Filename, IsBetween, SecondsDifference p  precode1, 1, 1.mpg, TRUE, 0 2, 3, 3.mpg, FALSE, 1800 1800 seconds from the end of video 3 3, 3, 3.mpg, TRUE, 900 4, 1, 1.mpg, FALSE, 900  900 seconds from the start of video 1  codepre  pBONUSp  pI would be even nicer if the closest video did not take the recorder into account but the first bounds Start and End check to take it into account If this is too difficult then thats fine.p
Negative 63 pI encountered an odd problem when migrating an HTML page Id been developing in notepad over to an ASP.NET MVC web template. The issue is this I have a table with rounded corners at the top and bottom. It looked fine when I opened the local file on my computer. However, when I placed the HTML page, along with the CSS, into my .cshtml file in my ASP.NET MVC project and rendered the page through visual studio I got this colors changed for greater clarityp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWBHym.png altCSS3 Border Radius  round background, square borderp  pYou see on the topleft, that the dark gray border is not round as it should be and as it is when I open the normal HTML version of the page in the same browser as shown below. strongNote that the CSS and HTML are the same in both cases, which means this is not simply an issue of missapplied style sheets. The CSS shouldand doeswork, just not when I open the website in Visual Studio. Why is this happeningstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comi2fyG.png altCSS3 Border Radius  normal versionp  pAlso note that Im actually changing the style of the topcellonetotheright of the actual topleft cell, but that isnt the issue since the same thing happens on all the other corners.p  pHere is the relevant CSSp  precodetop left corner table trfirstchild tdfirstchild  td      bordertopleftradius 20px   bottom left corner table trlastchild tdfirstchild  td      borderleft 3px solid ddd     borderbottom 3px solid ddd     mozborderradiusbottomleft 20px     webkitborderbottomleftradius20px     borderbottomleftradius20px   top right corner table trfirstchild tdlastchild      borderright 3px solid ddd     bordertop 3px solid ddd     mozborderradiustopleft 20px     webkitbordertoprightradius20px     bordertoprightradius20px   bottom right corner table trlastchild tdlastchild      borderright 3px solid ddd     borderbottom 3px solid ddd     mozborderradiustopleft 20px     webkitborderbottomrightradius20px     borderbottomrightradius20px  codepre  pThanks in advance to anyone who offers a possible solutionp
Negative 63 pI have 11 states, and a transition probability matrix, but I dont have emissions as my model is not hidden. It consists only of states 1,2,3, ..., 11br I want to generate random states based on my transition probability matrix, but the HMM tool box requires an emission probability matrix. What should I do p  precode[seq, states]  hmmgenerate100, Trans, Emis  codepre
Negative 63 pThis is in reference to the question I asked regarding a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11062910ef43codefirstdeterminewhenitemsareaddedtothevirtualicollectionhow to determine when items are added to the virtual ICollection propertya.  As suggested, I have created a custom collection which inherits from Collection as shown belowp  pre classlangcs prettyprintoverridecodepublic class EntityCollectionltTgt  CollectionltTgt      protected override void InsertItemint index, T item              base.InsertItemindex, item       codepre  pThis is being used asp  pre classlangcs prettyprintoverridecodepublic class DbAppointment      public DbAppointment              exceptionOcurrences  new EntityCollectionltDbExceptionOcurrencegt           public virtual int AppointmentId  get set      public virtual string Subject  get set      public virtual string Body  get set      public virtual DateTime Start  get set      public virtual DateTime End  get set       private ICollectionltDbExceptionOcurrencegt exceptionOcurrences     public virtual ICollectionltDbExceptionOcurrencegt ExceptionOcurrences              get  return exceptionOcurrences          set  exceptionOcurrences  value        codepre  pThe problem is the only time the overridden InsertItem method seems to get called is if I initialise the database with a custom initialiser example code below and override the seed method  What am I doing wrongp  pCheers Absp  pre classlangcs prettyprintoverridecodepublic class ContextInitializer  DropCreateDatabaseAlwaysltContextgt      protected override void SeedContext context              new ListltDbAppointmentgt                      new DbAppointment Subject  hello, Bodyworld, StartDateTime.Now,  EndDateTime.Now.AddMinutes30,          .ForEacha gt context.Appointments.Adda          new ListltDbExceptionOcurrencegt                      new DbExceptionOcurrenceExceptionDateDateTime.Now         .ForEacheo gt context.ExceptionOcurrences.Addeo          base.Seedcontext       codepre
Negative 63 pI have to extend an existing applet by adding it the ability to write to a local file. I tried the file service demo at a hrefhttppscode.orgjwsapi.htmlfs relnofollowhttppscode.orgjwsapi.htmlfsa and found it was what we needed. But I have to run it in eclipse, where I receive lots of helpless to me messages  p  precodejavax.jnlp.UnavailableServiceException uninitialized     at javax.jnlp.ServiceManager.lookupUnknown Source     at graph.FileAccess.loadFileByFileServiceFileAccess.java149     at graph.FileAccess.loadFileFileAccess.java141     at graph.FileAccess.loadFileFileAccess.java117     at graph.FileAccess1.actionPerformedFileAccess.java75     at javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformedAbstractButton.java2018     at javax.swing.AbstractButtonHandler.actionPerformedAbstractButton.java2341     at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformedDefaultButtonModel.java402     at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressedDefaultButtonModel.java259     at javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleasedBasicButtonListener.java252     at java.awt.Component.processMouseEventComponent.java6505     at javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventJComponent.java3321     at java.awt.Component.processEventComponent.java6270     at java.awt.Container.processEventContainer.java2229     at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplComponent.java4861     at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplContainer.java2287     at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventComponent.java4687     at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventContainer.java4832     at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventContainer.java4492     at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventContainer.java4422     at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplContainer.java2273     at java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplWindow.java2719     at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventComponent.java4687     at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImplEventQueue.java703     at java.awt.EventQueue.access000EventQueue.java102     at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java662     at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java660     at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java76     at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java87     at java.awt.EventQueue4.runEventQueue.java676     at java.awt.EventQueue4.runEventQueue.java674     at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java76     at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventEventQueue.java673     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersEventDispatchThread.java244     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterEventDispatchThread.java163     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyEventDispatchThread.java151     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java147     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java139     at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runEventDispatchThread.java97 codepre  pI have already searched the web for hours and was unable to locate a solution. What is missing p
Negative 63 pI am using this php script a hrefhttpschmidtcds.comfilesstlvolume.txt relnofollowhttpschmidtcds.comfilesstlvolume.txta  to parse my STL files but i am having some problem achieving my goals perhaps someone can give me some advice .p  p1 I will like to re triangulate the stl file to add in equilateral triangles with a constant edge size divide bigger triangles if necessary . p  p2 i will like to unfold the result to 2d coordinates not necessarily for paper craft i just need to flatten the end 3d stl in UV coordinates .p  pI really dont have any idea of where to start i am completely new to stl. p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pSo I have a form just getting the example from a hrefhttppypi.python.orgpypiplone.directives.formvalueadapters relnofollowplone.directives.formap  precodefrom plone.directives import form from zope import schema  class IMySchemaform.Schema      title  schema.TextLinetitleuTitle  form.defaultvaluefieldIMySchema[title] def defaulttitledata     return data.context.suggestedtitle codepre  pWhich works fine only for add forms.p  pSo the question is how can I make this same method be also used on an edit form I do not generate the edit form by myself if thats relevant to the matter.p  pEdit I forgot something that its quite relevant the value entered in the field is stored elsewhere, and that already works thanks to an event handler, so thats why I need to be able to provide always a default value the current value extracted from that place where is stored and allow the user a system administrator to change that value, but mostly to lookup it i.e. what value has that field.p  pThe use case here is letting system administrator see the email field of members. The email is saved in portalmembership, but we augmented the regular member edit profile to allow only system administrators to see their email and be able to change it.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pWhen loading below partial Im getting strange routing errors for devise.p  precodelngselect codepre  p I18n.nameforlocalelocale   lngsp  precodelngscol1   ul     li        linkto English, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt en     li        linkto Dutch, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt nl     li        linkto Belgian, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt nl        linkto Belgian, , style gt color AFAFAF     li        linkto German, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt de        linkto German, , style gt color AFAFAF  lngscol2   ul     li        linkto Espaol, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt es        linkto Espaol, , style gt color AFAFAF     li        linkto Franais, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt fr        linkto Franais, , style gt color AFAFAF     li        linkto Italiano, controller gt home, action gt lng, locale gt it        linkto Italiano, , style gt color AFAFAF codepre  pThe error output by devise isp  precodeNo route matches controllergtdevisehome, actiongtlng, localegten codepre
Negative 63 pstrongFINAL EDITstrongp  pAfter following the answer from Darin Dimitrov, I have found that the problem ended up being that the AJAX call to the Controllers method codeUpdateFormcode was returning an empty string.  This was a modification that I found necessary some time ago after experiencing a different problem.  Passing an empty string was causing Firefoxs parser to choke while Chrome and IE didnt care, apparently so I replaced the empty string with an empty codedivcode.p  pstrongEditstrongp  pThanks to Darin Dimitrovs suggestions below, I have found that the reason I was having trouble is due to an error being thrown whenever the form in question is being submitted.  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comovBOk.jpg altJQuery Errorp  pThe error reads Node cannot be inserted at the specified point in the heirarchy.  This is thrown each and every time the form is submitted.  I noticed in the POST data that it seems to think this is an XMLHttpRequest.  Is that the cause the AJAX request in question is just returning HTML  Here is the POST data from Firebugp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHIQ0Y.png altPOST Data 1p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0Ei50.png altPOST Data 2p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comivD6Y.png altPOST Data 3p  pThis error reads XML Parsing Error  No Element Found.p  pstrongFYIstrong  emthe HTML being returned is always an empty string...emp  hr  pI have an MVC3 application running on IIS7.  In one of my views, I have a form being built using a Microsoft HTML helper functionp  precodeusing Ajax.BeginFormUpdateForm, new AjaxOptions  UpdateTargetId  TargetDiv, InsertionMode  InsertionMode.InsertAfter, OnSuccess  ClearTextBox       Html.TextAreatxtInput, new  id  txtInput, cols  20, rows  5, wrap  virtual      ltinput idsend classbutton typesubmit valueSendgtltbr gt   codepre  pThis generates the following HTML when the Controller provides this viewp  precodeltform actionRootNameControllerNameUpdateForm dataajaxtrue dataajaxmodeafter dataajaxsuccessClearTextBox dataajaxupdateTargetDiv idform0 methodpostgt      lttextarea cols20 idtxtInput nametxtInput rows5 wrapvirtualgtlttextareagt          ltinput idsend classbutton typesubmit valueSendgtltbrgt ltformgt codepre  pWhat Im basically trying to do here is take the text inside the codeTextAreacode called codetxtInputcode and append it to the end of the codeDivcode called codeTargetDivcode whenever the codeSendcode button above is clicked strongandstrong clear out the text from codetxtInputcode after the appending is complete by means of the codeClearTextBoxcode method Javascript.  The append always works in every browser and when I run in Internet Explorer or Chrome, the clearing of the text works just fine.  However, Firefox doesnt seem to want to call the codeClearTextBoxcode method.  p  pstrongIs Firefox not compatible with this codedataajaxsuccesscode option in the form signaturestrong  p  hr  pstrongThings Ive Triedstrongp  pI found this guy a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7281290ajaxbeginformdoesntcallonsuccessAjax.BeginForm doesn39t call onSuccessap  pThe solution is to add this scriptp  precodeltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.unobtrusiveajax.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  pI am calling this scriptp  precodeltscript srcUrl.ContentScriptsjquery.unobtrusiveajax.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt codepre  p...but I tried swapping it out just in case.  No joy.p  pI was asked to try changing the method call to include parentheses by some folks in the C chat room so that the HTML came out like thisp  precodeltform actionWebChatTMWCUpdateForm dataajaxtrue dataajaxmodeafter dataajaxsuccessClearTextBox dataajaxupdatechatText idform0 methodpostgt      lttextarea cols20 idtxtInput nametxtInput rows5 wrapvirtualgtlttextareagt          ltinput idsend classbutton typesubmit valueSendgtltbrgt ltformgt codepre  pBut that didnt help.p  pThe folks in C Chat also suggested I replace the Javascript call with an alert  something like thisp  precodeltform actionWebChatTMWCUpdateForm dataajaxtrue dataajaxmodeafter dataajaxsuccessalertyo dataajaxupdatechatText idform0 methodpostgt      lttextarea cols20 idtxtInput nametxtInput rows5 wrapvirtualgtlttextareagt          ltinput idsend classbutton typesubmit valueSendgtltbrgt ltformgt codepre  pWhile Chrome pops the message box, Firefox does notp
Negative 63 pI am in an awkward situation. Please have a look at a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netHzYvp relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netHzYvpap  pHere, there is a simple html table and in that inner tables. What I want is to align the codelttrgtcode holding the data rowX with green color with the left columns last codelttrgtcode with green color.p  pI want this only for that particular codelttrgtcode, rest all is codevaligntopcode, which is perfect. p  pRight now, I put the codelttfootgtcode but it can be removed. No need of this, just used to show the last part of table.p  pI am using classic asp and want to avoid javascriptjquery, as it is not a part of application. Also, the number of codelttrgtcode are not static, table created dynamically.p
Negative 63 pim sorting a list of items using jquery ui sortable like sop  precodeul.nav.navtabs.navstackedlineupdataupdateurl gt sortlineupsurl    pieces.eachwithindex do piece, index      contenttagfor li, piece do        linkto index  1.tos      piece.name,   jQuery gt   lineup.sortable     axis y     update gt       .postthis.dataupdateurl, this.sortableserialize       notsortable .disableSelection codepre  pwhat I want to do is always disable the first item in pieces from being sorted. however, I cant figure out quite how to do this using disableSelection. please help.p
Negative 63 pI have Class and Student objects. Both have collection of another as property. Which automatically creates many to many table. Is there a way to add column to this table which relates to the relationship without creating manytomany table by myself p
Negative 63 pI have a C collection class and I want it to be notified when one of its collection items changes. This is so I can then update all of the items in that collection. What would be the best way of doing that p  pIm using an ObservableCollection because Im binding the collection to a WPF ListBox.p  pThis is my collection classp  precodepublic class Shows  ObservableCollectionltShowDetailsgt    ...  codepre  pand each item class isp  precodepublic class Show  INotifyPropertyChanged    ...  codepre
Negative 63 pIve been trying for a while to get my app to move to its next class, GameOver.class. Could someone point out what Im doing wrong According to my log the OnAnimationEnd method is not even being hit. The class, GameOver does work if I use it as the main class.p  precodepublic class Rocky extends Activity implements AnimationListener   TextView mdog, mspoon, micecream, mcar, mgiraffe  ImageView rockypic, dog, spoon,icecream, car, giraffe Animation animationFadeOut, animationFadeIn,viewObjFades int count  0 MediaPlayer mp private static final String TAG  MyActivity AlertDialog.Builder builder AlertDialog alertDialog  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.rocky      rockypic  ImageViewfindViewByIdR.id.rockypic       Animation animationFadeIn  AnimationUtils.loadAnimationthis, R.anim.fadein     rockypic.startAnimationanimationFadeIn      mcarTextView findViewByIdR.id.mcar     mdogTextView findViewByIdR.id.mdog     mspoonTextView findViewByIdR.id.mspoon     micecreamTextView findViewByIdR.id.micecream     mgiraffeTextView findViewByIdR.id.mgiraffe      dog  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.dog     spoon  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.spoon     icecream  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.icecream     car  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.car     giraffe   ImageView findViewByIdR.id.giraffe      mp  MediaPlayer.createRocky.this, R.raw.ding      dog.setAlpha0     spoon.setAlpha0     icecream.setAlpha0     car.setAlpha0     giraffe.setAlpha0      Override public void onStart      super.onStart      LayoutInflater inflater  LayoutInflater this.getSystemServiceLAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE     View layout  inflater.inflateR.layout.customdialog,                                    ViewGroup findViewByIdR.id.layoutroot      TextView text  TextView layout.findViewByIdR.id.text      text.setTextText.text.text      builder  new AlertDialog.Builderthis     builder.setViewlayout     alertDialog  builder.create     alertDialog.show      text.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView v              alertDialog.dismiss                       alertDialog.setCanceledOnTouchOutsidetrue       icecream.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickView v                      icecream.setAlpha200               count              mp.start                  icecream.setClickablefalse             if count5                  fadeout                                  dog.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickView v                      dog.setAlpha200               count              mp.start                  dog.setClickablefalse             if count5                  fadeout                                  giraffe.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickView v                      giraffe.setAlpha200               count              mp.start                  giraffe.setClickablefalse             if count5                  fadeout                                 spoon.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickView v                      spoon.setAlpha200             count              mp.start             spoon.setClickablefalse             if count5                  fadeout                                      car.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener         Override         public void onClickView v                      car.setAlpha200             count              mp.start              car.setClickablefalse             if count5                  fadeout                                  public void fadeout       animationFadeOut  AnimationUtils.loadAnimationthis, R.anim.fadeout     animationFadeOut.setAnimationListenerthis      viewObjFades AnimationUtils.loadAnimationthis, R.anim.trns4viewfadeout        car.startAnimationviewObjFades     giraffe.setAnimationviewObjFades     spoon.setAnimationviewObjFades     dog.setAnimationviewObjFades     icecream.setAnimationviewObjFades       rockypic.startAnimationanimationFadeOut      car.setVisibilityView.GONE     giraffe.setVisibilityView.GONE     spoon.setVisibilityView.GONE     dog.setVisibilityView.GONE     icecream.setVisibilityView.GONE     rockypic.setVisibilityView.GONE     Override public void onAnimationEndAnimation animation      mp.release     Log.vTAG, player released      Intent end  new Intentthis, GameOver.class     Log.vTAG, end object created     end.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNOANIMATION     Log.vTAG, no anim     end.addFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP     Log.vTAG, sing t     this.startActivityend         Log.vTAG, begin game over      Override public void onAnimationRepeatAnimation animation     Override public void onAnimationStartAnimation animation      Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu     MenuInflater inflater  getMenuInflater     inflater.inflateR.menu.rckymenu, menu     return true  Override public boolean onPrepareOptionsMenuMenu menu       ifdog.isClickable         menu.removeItemR.id.mdog          ifspoon.isClickable         menu.removeItemR.id.mspoon             ificecream.isClickable         menu.removeItemR.id.micecream           ifcar.isClickable         menu.removeItemR.id.mcar           ifgiraffe.isClickable         menu.removeItemR.id.mgiraffe           return true  Override public void onBackPressed   codepre  pp
Negative 63 pIn most cases, it is possible to catch exceptions in Java, even unchecked ones. But, it is not necessarily possible to do something about it for example out of memory. p  pFor other cases, the issue I am trying to solve is a design principle one. I am trying to setup a design principle or a set of rules indicating when one should give up on an exceptional situation, even if it is detected in time. The objective is trying to not crash the application as much as possible.p  pHas someone already brainstormed and communicated about this I am looking for specific generic cases and possible solutions, or thumbrules.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pSuggestions so farp  ul liStop running if data coherency can be compromisedli liStop running if data can be deletedli liStop running if you cant do anything about it Out of memory...li lipStop running if key service is not available or becomes unavailable and cannot be restartedpli lipA methodservice should check whether it can perform its duty from a stable state, if not it should inform the user log and do nothingpli liIf application must be stopped, degrade as gracefully as possibleli liUse rollbacks in db transactionsli liCustomized exceptions can be used to give tips about how to solve the situation by handlerli liLog as much relevant information as you canli liNotify the developersli lipPreserve state and data coherency as much as you canpli lipQuick fixes can be harmful, when debugging, better let the application crash and analyze in details what caused itpli ul
Negative 63 pI have the following storyboardp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsGeAM.png altstoryboardp  pIn the tab bar controller I have a add button with a segue to a view controller. I need to use the method prepareForSegue because I need to transfer an object but in the Repositories Table  View doesnt fire the method.p  pHow can I detect the method prepareForSegue in the Repositories Table View Is it possiblep
Negative 63 pNeed to disable log4j output to console during jUnit tests running but all other log4j output should be enable. There are lot exceptions during testing while checking method reaction on incorrect argument, so exception is ok.p
Negative 63 pwhen I pass a template HTML string to jquery and try to get its heightwidth the template is not yet in the DOM then Firefox and Chrome behave different p  pFirefox seems to be able to calculate the values from css etc and returns a valid value but Chrome just returns 0.p  pHave a look at this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net5AWtF21 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net5AWtF21ap  pIs this a bug or do I have to put the template into the DOM first so the dimensions can be  guaranteedp  pregardsp
Negative 63 pI really cant connect my c client with  couchbase DB. I realy dont know what i do wrong.. Also why my server name is 192.168.1.3 and whats what meansp  pServerp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compeFvf.png altenter image description herep  pCreating test db img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comV4m4v.png altenter image description herep  pCheck firewall port img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUPOou.png altenter image description herep  pMy web.config  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnaigI.png altenter image description herep  pAnd finally my C code img srchttpi.stack.imgur.combjnGV.png altenter image description herep  pOnce again, what im doing wrong and what that server name meansp
Negative 63 pI am working on an iPhone application that does real time image processing.  One of the earliest steps in its pipeline is to convert a BGRA image to greyscale.  I tried several different methods and the difference in timing results is far greater than I had imagined possible.  First I tried using C.  I approximate the conversion to luminosity by adding B2GR 4p  precodevoid BGRAToByteImageltBGRAgt ampimBGRA, Imageltbytegt ampimByte  uchar pIn  uchar imBGRA.data uchar pLimit  pIn  imBGRA.MemSize  uchar pOut  imByte.data for pIn lt pLimit pIn16    Does four pixels at a time      unsigned int sumA  pIn[0]  2  pIn[1]  pIn[2]     pOut[0]  sumA  4     unsigned int sumB  pIn[4]  2  pIn[5]  pIn[6]     pOut[1]  sumB  4     unsigned int sumC  pIn[8]  2  pIn[9]  pIn[10]     pOut[2]  sumC  4     unsigned int sumD  pIn[12]  2  pIn[13]  pIn[14]     pOut[3]  sumD  4     pOut 4          codepre  pThis code takes 55 ms to convert a 352x288 image.  I then found some assembler code that does essentially the same thingp  precodevoid BGRAToByteImageltBGRAgt ampimBGRA, Imageltbytegt ampimByte  uchar pIn  uchar imBGRA.data uchar pLimit  pIn  imBGRA.MemSize  unsigned int pOut  unsigned int imByte.data  for pIn lt pLimit pIn16    Does four pixels at a time    register unsigned int nBGRA1 asmr4   register unsigned int nBGRA2 asmr5   unsigned int nZero0   unsigned int nSum1   unsigned int nSum2   unsigned int nPacked1   asm volatile                 ldrd [nBGRA1], [nBGRA2], [ [pIn], 0]       n    Load in two BGRA words                usad8 [nSum1], [nBGRA1], [nZero]  n   Add RGBA                 usad8 [nSum2], [nBGRA2], [nZero]  n   Add RGBA                 uxtab [nSum1], [nSum1], [nBGRA1], ROR 8    n    Add G again                uxtab [nSum2], [nSum2], [nBGRA2], ROR 8    n    Add G again                mov [nPacked1], [nSum1], LSR 2 n     Init packed word                   mov [nSum2], [nSum2], LSR 2 n    Div by four                add [nPacked1], [nPacked1], [nSum2], LSL 8 n    Add to packed word                                  ldrd [nBGRA1], [nBGRA2], [ [pIn], 8]       n    Load in two more BGRA words                usad8 [nSum1], [nBGRA1], [nZero]  n   Add RGBA                 usad8 [nSum2], [nBGRA2], [nZero]  n   Add RGBA                 uxtab [nSum1], [nSum1], [nBGRA1], ROR 8    n    Add G again                uxtab [nSum2], [nSum2], [nBGRA2], ROR 8    n    Add G again                mov [nSum1], [nSum1], LSR 2 n    Div by four                add [nPacked1], [nPacked1], [nSum1], LSL 16 n    Add to packed word                mov [nSum2], [nSum2], LSR 2 n    Div by four                add [nPacked1], [nPacked1], [nSum2], LSL 24 n    Add to packed word                                                                    [pIn]r pIn,           [nBGRA1]rnBGRA1,          [nBGRA2]rnBGRA2,          [nZero]rnZero,          [nSum1]rnSum1,          [nSum2]rnSum2,          [nPacked1]rnPacked1                                 cc     pOut  nPacked1   pOut     codepre  pThis function converts the same image in 12ms, almost 5X faster  I have not programmed in assembler before but I assumed that it would not be this much faster than C for such a simple operation.  Inspired by this success I continued searching and discovered a NEON conversion example a hrefhttpsgithub.comcarljNEONASMBGRAtoGrayscaleconversionherea.p  precodevoid greyScaleNEONuchar outputdata, uchar inputdata, int totpixels  asm volatilelsr          2, 2, 3      n                   build the three constants n                  mov         r4, 28          n  Blue channel multiplier                  mov         r5, 151         n  Green channel multiplier                  mov         r6, 77          n  Red channel multiplier                  vdup.8      d4, r4           n                  vdup.8      d5, r5           n                  vdup.8      d6, r6           n                  0                           n                   load 8 pixels             n                  vld4.8      d0d3, [1]   n                   do the weight average     n                  vmull.u8    q7, d0, d4       n                  vmlal.u8    q7, d1, d5       n                  vmlal.u8    q7, d2, d6       n                   shift and store           n                  vshrn.u16   d7, q7, 8       n  Divide q3 by 256 and store in the d7                  vst1.8      d7, [0]      n                  subs        2, 2, 1       n  Decrement iteration count                  bne         0b            n  Repeat unil iteration count is not zero                                      routputdata,                             rinputdata,                             rtotpixels                           r4, r5, r6                    codepre  pThe timing results were hard to believe.  It converts the same image in 1 ms.  12X faster than assembler and an astounding 55X faster than C. I had no idea that such performance gains were possible.  In light of this I have a few questions.  First off, am I doing something terribly wrong in the C code  I still find it hard to believe that it is so slow.  Second, if these results are at all accurate, in what kinds of situations can I expect to see these gains  You can probably imagine how excited I am at the prospect of making other parts of my pipeline run 55X faster.  Should I be learning assemblerNEON and using them inside any loop that takes an appreciable amount of timep  pUpdate 1  I have posted the assembler output from my C function in a text file at  a hrefhttptempshare.comshowf3Yg87jQnhttptempshare.comshowf3Yg87jQna It was far too large to include directly here.p  pTiming is done using OpenCV functions.p  precodedouble duration  staticcastltdoublegtcvgetTickCount  function call  duration  staticcastltdoublegtcvgetTickCountduration duration  cvgetTickFrequency duration should now be elapsed time in ms codepre  h2Resultsh2  pI tested several suggested improvements.  First, as recommended by Viktor I reordered the inner loop to put all fetches first.  The inner loop then looked like.p  precodefor pIn lt pLimit pIn16    Does four pixels at a time         Jul 16, 2012 MR Read and writes collected   sumA  pIn[0]  2  pIn[1]  pIn[2]   sumB  pIn[4]  2  pIn[5]  pIn[6]   sumC  pIn[8]  2  pIn[9]  pIn[10]   sumD  pIn[12]  2  pIn[13]  pIn[14]   pOut 4   pOut[0]  sumA  4   pOut[1]  sumB  4   pOut[2]  sumC  4   pOut[3]  sumD  4  codepre  pThis change brought processing time down to 53ms an improvement of 2ms.  Next as recommended by Victor I changed my function to fetch as uint.  The inner loop then looked likep  precodeunsigned int inint  unsigned int original.data unsigned int end  unsigned int inint  outlength uchar out  temp.data  for inint lt end inint4    Does four pixels at a time      unsigned int pixelA  inint[0]     unsigned int pixelB  inint[1]     unsigned int pixelC  inint[2]     unsigned int pixelD  inint[3]      uchar byteA  ucharamppixelA     uchar byteB  ucharamppixelB     uchar byteC  ucharamppixelC     uchar byteD  ucharamppixelD               unsigned int sumA  byteA[0]  2  byteA[1]  byteA[2]     unsigned int sumB  byteB[0]  2  byteB[1]  byteB[2]     unsigned int sumC  byteC[0]  2  byteC[1]  byteC[2]     unsigned int sumD  byteD[0]  2  byteD[1]  byteD[2]      out[0]  sumA  4     out[1]  sumB  4     out[2]  sumC  4     out[3]  sumD  4     out 4      codepre  pThis modification had a dramatic effect, dropping processing time to 14ms, a drop of 39ms 75.  This last result is very close the the assembler performance of 11ms.  The final optimization as recommended by rob was to include the restrict keyword.  I added it in front of every pointer declaration changing the following linesp  precoderestrict unsigned int inint  unsigned int original.data unsigned int end  unsigned int inint  outlength restrict uchar out  temp.data   ... restrict uchar byteA  ucharamppixelA restrict uchar byteB  ucharamppixelB restrict uchar byteC  ucharamppixelC restrict uchar byteD  ucharamppixelD   ...      codepre  pThese changes had no measurable effect on processing time.  Thank you for all your help, I will be paying much closer attention to memory management in the future.p
Negative 63 pI have an interesting puzzle. Suppose you have a numpy 2D array, in which each line corresponds to a measurement event and each column corresponds to different measured variable. One additional column in this array specifies the date at which the measurement was taken. The lines are sorted according to the time stamp. There are several or many measurements on each day. The goal is to identify the lines that correspond to a new day and subtract the respective values from the subsequent lines in that day.p  pI approach this problem by a loop that loops over the days, creating a boolean vector that selects the proper lines and then subtracting the first selected line. This approach works, but feels nonelegant. Are there better ways to do thisp  pJust a small example. The lines below define a matrix in which the first colum is the day and the remaining two are the measured valuesp  precodebefore  array[[ 1,  1,  2],    [ 1,  3,  4],    [ 1,  5,  6],    [ 2,  7,  8],    [ 3,  9, 10],    [ 3, 11, 12],    [ 3, 13, 14]] codepre  pat the end of the process I expect to see the following arrayp  precodearray[[1, 0, 0],    [1, 2, 2],    [1, 4, 4],    [2, 0, 0],    [3, 0, 0],    [3, 2, 2],    [3, 4, 4]] codepre  pPS Please help me finding a better and more informative title for this post. Im out of ideasp
Negative 63 precodeint n int array[8] coutltltEnter Number Between 09 Onlyltltendl forint i  0 ilt 9 i     cout ltlt Enter Number  ltlt i  1 ltlt endl     cin gtgt n     ifn gt 0 ampamp n lt 9         array[i]  ampn     else          cout ltlt Numbers from 09 onlyn ltlt endl         i        cout ltlt array[0] ltlt endl  codepre  pIm trying to store 9 entered numbers in a pointer array but its not working why Can you explain why to me and how to solve it or improve it. Im just a beginner and its not homework im testing what i had read.p
Negative 63 pWhile testing localization for my app I discovered that Xcode changes the traditional Chinese .lproj folder name from zhHant.lproj to zhhant.lproj notice lower case h in the app bundle.  Since the correct form for traditional Chinese is zhHant.lproj, localization wont work when the user changes their devices language to traditional Chinese therefore I have to manually load localizations when this language is set.   p  pstrongquick summarystrongp  pfolder name as seen in projectzhHant.lprojp  pfolder name as seen in bundle.app file after buildingzhhant.lprojp  pWhy do you suppose Xcode is changing the name of this folder and of course, the most obvious question how can I resolve itp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have an array of points that Ive associated against frequency. How do I plot that array against wavelength instead of frequency Keep in mind that I dont want to define functions, just working with arrays here. Heres how I would plot the array known as Qp  precodef  100500   frequency points Q  f2       a function of frequency plotf,Q codepre  pNow I know I can simply define a new array codelambdacfcode where cspeed of light, but can I replot Q against wavelength without having to redefine Q as a function of wavelength p
Negative 63 pstrongSpecsstrong Windows 7 x64, Visual Cp  pstrongObjectivestrong Im trying to get the remote a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiProcessEnvironmentBlock relnofollowPEBa from a sample program calc.exe e.g.. Ive found the proc ID and Ive opened a handle to the process with all the good rights. Ive now moved on to writing a class to retrieve the location of the PEB from the process using PROCESSBASICINFORMATION.p  pstrongProblemstrong Ive found several posts elsewhere that seem to indicate that the emNtQueryInformationProcessem turned to shit at MS. One post suggests a method of dynamicruntimelinking NtQueryInformationProcess out of ntdll.dll. However, I think this would be unstable in the longrun MS could remove NtQueryInformationProcess tomorrow without extensive error handling. p  pThis idea is realized later in a hrefhttpwww.gamedev.nettopic582261problemusingntqueryinformationprocess relnofollowthis threada, and it is then suggested by Mike2343 that one should use other methods.p  pstrongQuestionsstrong What would be another method to locate the PEB of a remote process that doesnt involve NtQueryInformationProcessp  pThanks to anyone who spends any time looking at this.p
Negative 63 pI have a Java game where only 1 of the sound files will play the theme to the game. All the other sound effects will either work once and then never again, or give me this error Error reading first page of Ogg bitstream data.p  pThey have the same bitrate, same sample rate, and are all edited by Audacity.p
Negative 63 pI have an UITextView as subview of UIView. I have placed the UIView in bottom of the screen. The view controller have UITabViewController. I gave the frame size to UIView like below,p  precodetoolBarView1  [[UIView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake0, 330, 320, 40] [self.view addSubview toolBarView1] TextView1  [[UITextView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake35, 7.5, 210, 25] textViewImageView1  [[UIImageView alloc]initWithFrame CGRectMake0, 0, 210, 25] [TextView1 addSubview textViewImageView1] [toolBarView1 addSubview TextView1] codepre  pI want to increase the UITextView height based on the text inside of UITextView. I have used these below code,p  precode    CGRect frame  messageTextView1.frame     frame.size.height  messageTextView1.contentSize.height          NSLogTextViewHeight With Texts  f, frame.size.height     int height  frame.size.height     NSLogTextViewHeight With Texts  d, height      height  height  10     NSLogHeight Plus 10  d, height     height  370  height     NSLogToolBarView1 Y axis  d, height       messageTextView1.frame  frame     textViewImageView1.frame  CGRectMake0, 0, messageTextView1.frame.size.width, messageTextView1.frame.size.height     toolBarView1.frame  CGRectMake0, height, 320, messageTextView1.frame.size.height10 codepre  pI want to place the UIView and UITextView bottom of the screen itself but i want to increase the height of the UIView and UITextview and Y Axis of the UIView based on the UITextview height. Can anyone please help me to do this Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI have a questionAnd Sorry for my bad english.p  pI have developed a c program in VS 2008 Express C, and I want to migrate it to Code Blocks. The migration was successfully, but the default GNU compiler find a mistake in the compile. p  pHowever the VS have not found anything. I use codestdsortcode algorithm to a codestdvectorcode, contains classes instances. And I make a codebool operatorltconstcode to it.p  precode    class Item         ...         double size      public         bool operatorlt Itemamp theOtherconst             return size lt theOther.size  true  false                  ...      codepre  pNow the compiler say me thatp  precodecmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2includecbitsstlalgo.hIn function RandomAccessIterator stdunguardedpartitionRandomAccessIterator, RandomAccessIterator, const Tpamp [with RandomAccessIterator  gnucxxnormaliteratorltItem, stdvectorltItemgt gt, Tp  Item]  cmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2includecbitsstlalgo.h224970instantiated from RandomAccessIterator stdunguardedpartitionpivotRandomAccessIterator, RandomAccessIterator [with RandomAccessIterator  gnucxxnormaliteratorltItem, stdvectorltItemgt gt]  cmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2includecbitsstlalgo.h228054instantiated from void stdintrosortloopRandomAccessIterator, RandomAccessIterator, Size [with RandomAccessIterator  gnucxxnormaliteratorltItem, stdvectorltItemgt gt, Size  int]  cmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2includecbitsstlalgo.h52124instantiated from void stdsortRAIter, RAIter [with RAIter  gnucxxnormaliteratorltItem, stdvectorltItemgt gt]  DtheuserpackingpackingPackingProblem.h42641instantiated from here cmingwbin..libgccmingw324.5.2includecbitsstlalgo.h2208error no match for operatorlt in first.gnucxxnormaliteratorltIterator, Containergtoperator [with Iterator  Item, Container  stdvectorltItemgt, gnucxxnormaliteratorltIterator, Containergtreference  Itemamp] lt pivot  DtheuserpackingpackingItem.h15note candidate is bool ItemoperatorltItemamp const  Build finished 2 errors, 0 warnings  codepre  pAnybody has an idea how can I solve itp  pThank you for all answer.p
Negative 63 pId like one peer in a session to send an array of strings to another, connected peer. Is there a way to convert such an array into NSData or do I need to send the strings one after another  Thanks very much.p
Negative 63 pI am developing a web app integrated with Evernote and was wondering if there is a way to use the strongEvernote note editorstrong inside my app.  Do they provide something through their API or maybe an URL to call with some specific arguments I wasnt able to find anything.p  pIf there is no way to use the Evernote editor I will probably end up using a custom WYSIWYG.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI need to query a webservice passing complex parameters in Reporting Services as input. How can I do thisp  pIn Query Designer at Visual Studio, Im doing the query like this p  precodeltQuerygt ltSoapActiongthttpmywebservice.comCustomersGetCustomersltSoapActiongt ltMethod NameGetCustomers Namespacehttpmywebservice.comCustomersgt ltParametersgt ltParameter NamemyParams typexmlgt    ltDefaultValuegt         ltmyParamsgt            ltIdCustomergt0ltIdCustomergt         ltmyParamsgt     ltDefaultValuegt ltParametergt ltParametersgt ltMethodgt ltElementPath IgnoreNamespacestruegtltElementPathgt ltQuerygt codepre  pWebService expect it as parameterp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltsoapEnvelope xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnssoaphttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt   ltsoapBodygt     ltGetCustomer xmlnshttpmywebservice.comCustomersgt       ltmyParamsgt         ltIdCustomergtintltIdCustomergt         ltIdCustomergtintltIdCustomergt       ltmyParamsgt     ltGetCustomergt   ltsoapBodygt ltsoapEnvelopegt codepre  pWhen I try it at Visual Studio 2008, I get this error message p  blockquote   pFailed to execute web request for the specified URL. Soap Fault   System.Web.Services.Protocols.SoapException Server was unable to process request. gt System.NullReferenceException Object reference not set to an instance of an object.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI have three models in a has many through association, that basically connects users to accounts via memberships like sop  precodeclass User lt ActiveRecordBase    attraccessible email, password, passwordconfirmation, rememberme    hasmany memberships   hasmany accounts, through gt memberships     end  class Account lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible expirationdate, name, status, url    hasmany memberships   hasmany users, through gt memberships    hasone  owner, classname gt Membership, conditions gt [role  , Owner]   hasmany admins, classname gt Membership, conditions gt [role  , Admin]   hasmany executives, classname gt Membership, conditions gt [role   OR role  , Owner, Admin]  end  class Membership lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible accountid, userid, role    validates role, uniqueness gt  scope gt accountid , if gt role  Owner    belongsto account   belongsto user end codepre  pI want to be able to get users through the methods codeAccount.first.ownercode, codeAccount.first.adminscode and codeAccount.first.executivescode. Obviously, as it is, Im only getting memberships.p  pI could easily achieve that by defining new methods on my account model, using something like codeself.memberships.findbyroleOwner.usercode and codeself.memberships.findallbyroleAdmin.collect u u.usercode, but it seems more sloppy to me. Is there a way to do it purely through associationsp  pAny help is much appreciated, including to criticize my approach... Thanksp
Negative 63 pIm wondering if anyone can help me Im trying to prevent events from overlapping in a room booking system. Each event has a start datetime and an end datetime. What I want to happen is if a user tries to book an event between times that already exist for an event it should error.p  pSo for example the following should error as they overlapp  precodeEvent 1  Start DateTime 10082012 0900  End DateTime 10082012 1100  Event 2  Start DateTime 10082012 1000  End DateTime 10082012 1200 codepre  pIm using MVC and Entity Framework, so a Linq solution would be preferable.p  pAny help would be much appreciated p
Negative 63 pI have read a lot of articles about this but i cant it. When my aspx page is without masterpage, localization works normally. However, when my aspx page is with masterpage, localization doesnt work.p  paspx page codesp  precodeprotected override void InitializeCulture      GeneralHelper.GeneralHelperC.SetCulture     String selectedLanguage  GeneralHelperC.GetCulture     UICulture  selectedLanguage     Culture  selectedLanguage      Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentCulture          CultureInfo.CreateSpecificCultureselectedLanguage     Thread.CurrentThread.CurrentUICulture  new         CultureInfoselectedLanguage      base.InitializeCulture  codepre
Negative 63 pWorking with Linux until now where stack addresses are very high and heap addresses are pretty low as seen by printing heap and stack addresses using a C program, I have a problem with the win32 process memory layout. It says in msdn that stack  addresses are higher than heap addresses, but from what I saw in practice, stack addresses are lower than heap addresses. So I am confused. Someone please explain.p
Negative 63 pI dont have command line access to my web server but I have been able to enable Subversion via cPanel and I can access the repository.p  pMy goal would be to have an offline copy of my website on my hard drive so that I can quickly add or edit files, commit and have the results go live. Could Subversion really do thisp  pBecause right now I have uploaded some files to my repository but I cant see them anywhere on my FTP, is this normal Are there maybe simpler ways to do thisp  pI have already tried mounting my FTP as a volume but navigating between the files in it is too slow and I cant revert if I do a mistake.p
Negative 63 pMy drop down menu works perfect in XML and not in HTML. Please view this fiddle for a visual presentation a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netH8FVE9 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netH8FVE9a If you hover your mouse over the strongemMOREemstrong button, you will see that the drop down aligns fine. The code I use for the drop down bit isp  precodeltmoretopbargt ltulgt     ltli classmgamesgtlta href styleborderbottom9px solid e34328gtGamesltagtltligt     ltli classmliteraturegtlta href styleborderbottom9px solid 2c8f83gtLiteratureltagtltligt     ltli classmartsgtlta href styleborderbottom9px solid cc226agtArtsltagtltligt     ltli classmcontact stylebackgroundnonegtlta href styleborderbottom9px solid 9395aagtContactltagtltligt ltulgt ltmoretopbargt codepre  pAnd some CSSp  precodemega div moretopbar      clear both     float left     position relative     marginleft1px     marginright1px     width 495px     height 74px     backgroundimage urlimagesmorebgwide.png     backgroundsize495px 74px     backgroundrepeatnorepeat  codepre  pI tried to change the codeltmoretopbargtcode to codeltdiv idmoretopbargtcode but it messed up the drop down completely.p  pWhy is that And how should I fix it so that I use HTML only Feel free to update the fiddle if you choose to answer a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netH8FVE9 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netH8FVE9ap  pBefore you choose to answer I should note two things. Firstly, I am not familiar with XML, the above is a coding mistake that randomly worked for me and someone pointed out it was XML, and secondly, is there a reason of why I shouldnt use it this way For instance compatibility issues...p
Negative 63 pIm trying to map an Id from an Identity class with Fluent NHibernate.p  pIdentity classp  precodepublic interface IValueObjectltTgt      bool SameValueAsT other   [Serializable] public class IdentityltTEntitygt  IValueObjectltIdentityltTEntitygtgt       public long Id  get protected set       public Identitylong id          this.Id  id           protected Identity        public bool SameValueAsIdentityltTEntitygt other          return other  null ampamp this.Id  other.Id       codepre  pModelp  precodepublic interface IEntityltTgt      IdentityltTgt Identity  get      bool SameIdentityAsT other   public class Employee IEntityltEmployeegt      public virtual IdentityltEmployeegt Identity  get set      public virtual string Name  get set   codepre  pHow can I map this Employee This way doesnt work, I get the following exception when building the SessionFactory Could not find a getter for property Id in class Employeep  precodepublic class EmployeeMap  ClassMapltEmployeegt       public EmployeeMap          Idx gt x.Identity.Id.GeneratedBy.Native         Mapx gt x.Name       codepre
Negative 63 pI want to upload an image to a server. I can do this and it works with a codeUIImagecode. However, I want to upload the current image being displayed in my application which is within a codeUIImageViewcode. p  pHow can I pass, or temporarily store the codeUIImageViewcode image within an codeUIImagecode I have tried the following however it does not work. p  precodeUIImage myImage  imageView.image  codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to create a flexible dsl. I already have the DSL module, say codemodule DSLcode. The DSL user can create spinoffs of this as a class. The main point of the DSL is to allow the user to create codeFeaturecode object with a custom render method. There was a lot of ugly and nonDRY code backing the codeFeaturecode, hence the abstraction, but the user needs a lot of control on how that feature renders, and my metaprogramming is not up to the task. Let me show you how its set up.p  pThe DSL looks something like thisp  precodemodule DSL   module ClassMethods       attraccessor features       def columnname, args         arguments  args.pop           self.features  [] if self.features.nil         self.features ltlt Feature.newname, arguments       end     end     def self.includedbase       base.extend ClassMethods     end   end end codepre  pAn implementation of it would look something like thisp  precodeclass DSLSpinOff   include DSL    feature one   feature two, renderwith predefinedrender   feature three, renderwith userdefinedrender   feature four, renderwith lambda      puts Go nuts, user     puts Do as you please       def userdefinedrender     ...   end end codepre  pAnd finally, the feature class itself lies within the DSL, like sop  precodemodule DSL   ... private   class Feature     attraccessor name, renderwith     def initializename, args       self.name  name       attributes  args.pop          somehow delegate attributes[renderwith] to the render function, handling defaults, lamdbas, function string names, etc       self.renderwith  attributes.fetchrenderwith, defaultrender     end    private     def defaultrender       ...     end      def predefinedrender       ...     end   end end codepre
Negative 63 pIs there any way position views relative to each other like you can with Android layoutsp  pExample You have two UILabels that are dynamically set to strings of variable length, one above the other, and you want the bottom label to appear directly below the last line of the top label, regardless of how many lines the top label ends up having. p  pAnother example Same situation as above, but one of the labels is sometimes hidden. You want the resulting labels to be centered vertically in the parent, regardless of whether its one label or two labels.p  pAndroids Linear Layout and Relative Layout make this very easy to do, but I cant figure out how to do this is iOS. Can it be donep
Negative 63 pHello i have superview in which i have many UIImageViews.I have added UIPanGesture to the SuperView which is View.m in my case. I need to get the reference or in others words object of that UIImageViewsubview when user drags over it in superview.Also if this can be done with hittest then let me know how to use it in gestureHandler and as hittest returns UIView , how i can convert UiView to UIImageView. Here is my codep  precode   View.m   PuzzleGame    Created by Noman Khan on 82912.   Copyright c 2012 MyCompanyName. All rights reserved.   import View.h define  noOfRows 5 define  noOfCols 4 implementation View synthesize imageArray   idinitWithFrameCGRectframe      self  [super initWithFrameframe]     if self           Initialization code           return self     Only override drawRect if you perform custom drawing.  An empty implementation adversely affects performance during animation.   voidinitImageView      int x  1     int y  1     int width  190     int height  198     int width  sizeOfRows     int height  sizeOfCols      UIImageView imgView[[UIImageView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMakex,y,width10,height5]      imgView.image[UIImage imageNamediceage01.png]     [self addSubviewimgView]      xxwidth9     yysizeOfCols9      UIImageView imgView1[[UIImageView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMakex,y,width10,height5]      imgView1.image[UIImage imageNamediceage02.png]     [self addSubviewimgView1]       voiddrawRectCGRectrect      imageArray[[NSArray alloc]initWithObjects[UIImage imageNamediceage01.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage02.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage03.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage04.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage05.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage06.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage07.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage08.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage09.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage10.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage11.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage12.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage13.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage14.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage15.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage16.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage17.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage18.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage19.png],[UIImage imageNamediceage20.png], nil]     CGContextRef contentUIGraphicsGetCurrentContext      CGContextSetLineWidthcontent, 2     CGContextSetStrokeColorWithColorcontent, [UIColor whiteColor].CGColor      int totalWidthself.frame.size.width     int totalHeightself.frame.size.height       sizeOfRowstotalHeightnoOfRows      sizeOfColstotalWidthnoOfCols     making rows     int x  0,y  0      for int i0 iltnoOfRows1 i          CGContextMoveToPointcontent, x, y         CGContextAddLineToPointcontent, 1000, y         CGContextStrokePathcontent         yy200         yysizeOfRows          making colums     x0,y0     for int i0 iltnoOfCols1 i          CGContextMoveToPointcontent, x, y         CGContextAddLineToPointcontent, x, 1000         CGContextStrokePathcontent         xx192         xxsizeOfCols           [self initImageView]      UIPanGestureRecognizer panGesture[[UIPanGestureRecognizer alloc]initWithTargetself actionselectorpanHandler]     [self addGestureRecognizerpanGesture]         CGContextMoveToPointcontent, 20, 20         CGContextAddLineToPointcontent, 50, 50                  CGContextStrokePathcontent      voidpanHandlerUIGestureRecognizer sender      CGPoint point[sender locationInViewself]      if sender.state  UIGestureRecognizerStateBegan          NSLogBEgin         UIView v[[UIView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake75, 75, 100, 100]      v    [self hitTestpoint withEventnil]         UIImageView imvUIImageViewv            [self addSubviewv]          if sender.state  UIGestureRecognizerStateChanged          NSLogmoved          if sender.state  UIGestureRecognizerStateEnded          NSLogend          NSLogIn Pan Handler    end codepre
Negative 63 pWhen I try to send apprequests from a my app, everything is fine with firefox. Both on HTTPS and on HTTP But when the app is run from chrome, things work fine in HTTP nonsecure. But when it comes to HTTPS, instead of showing a lightbox i.e. js generated dialog, on the same page, a new popup window is created and the lightbox is shown in that popup window.p  pThis causes the app to break as popups are, by default, blocked by chrome and the user doesnt necessary click on allow popups from this websitep  pMoreover, this happens only when the first request is made in an instance of app. When I click on the Invite button again, all the browsers show the lightbox modal Even chromep  pHere is the JS code used p  precodeFB.uimethod apprequests,message ltINVITEMESSAGEgt,titleltINVITETITLEgt,to userids,  functionresponseifresponseinfo  codepre  pI am not using any special code Either in PHP or JS for my app Somebody said I need to. The app is, on the whole built on PHP SDK from facebook.p
Negative 63 pI am  trying to figure out how to print unique pairs of data from a file using Perl.p  pFor instance, p  precodeInput check.pl A23072 A25058 A25058 A23072  Output A23072 A25058 codepre  pTo tackle the task, I created a copy of the file check.pl and iterated through it to find the regular expression. I wrote the following code but I am unable to filter the data.p  precodeusrbinperl w use strict use warnings open FH, ltcheck.txt  die Errorn open FH1, ltcheckcopy.txt  die Errorn chomp my arrayltFH1gt my count  while ltFHgt   my values  split next if grep D, values or values  2  my re  qrAvalues[0]svalues[1]zAvalues[1]svalues[0]z     foreach my key array            if grep   re, key ampamp grep count  1, key                 print keyn                 1 codepre  pAny help will be appreciated Thanks.p
Negative 63 pAfter a few hours of searching for the error, Ive found a reproducable test. It uses a simple formp  precodeltform nametest methodPOST actiontest.phpgt   lttextarea namecontentgtlttextareagt   ltinput namesubmit typesubmit valuesendgt ltformgt codepre  pAfter filling the textarea with exactly codesubstringSELECTcode and hitting the button send the server  returns a general error codeConnection with the server was reset while downloadingcode I looked into http errorlog but there are no reports for this.p  pUsingp  precodeLinux 2.6.32220.23.1.el6.x8664 Build Date  Jul 3 2012 Server API  Apache 2.0 Handler  Apache Version  Apache2.2.15 CentOS  Apache API Version  20051115  PHP Version 5.3.3 codepre  ptest.php has no PHP code there is only the form. If I rename the file to test.html and change actiontest.html the error remains the same.p  pTested on FF 15 and Chrome 21, ERRCONNECTIONRESETp  pFirebug POST test.php Aborted 192.168.1.1 0 192.168.1.180p  hr  pIs it possible that apache is filtering my POST data I noticed that strongsubstringSELECTstrong is mentioned in several apache exploits. How can I disable this kind of filtersp  pI can not see any modsecurity in my modules. p
Negative 63 pI seem to be having a mysterious problem with the use of codeORcode or codecode in a PHP codeifcode statement. My code is thisp  precodeif regionibiza  mallorca  menorca  andalucia  basque  cataluna  centralspain  greenspain  pyrenees  rioja  valencia      GoTo  spain.region..php      codepre  pNo matter what value I give to coderegioncode, codeGoTocode always comes out as codespainregion.phpcode ie the first if loop always evaluates as true. There are other ways I could do this, but I dont see why this method doesnt work.p
Negative 63 pI am using jquery.cookie.js from a hrefhttpsgithub.comcarhartljquerycookie relnofollowhttpsgithub.comcarhartljquerycookieap  pplease let know if anything im missing or understanding wronglyp  precode.cookiecartQuantity, 3,  expires 180 , path    alert .cookiecartQuantity  alerts 3 .cookiecartQuantity, null alert .cookiecartQuantity alerts 3 codepre
Negative 63 pI am seeking for strongtestedstrong date amp time picker that strongjust worksstrong with active admin 0.5.0.p  pI am digging for hours now, Ive read dozens of existing discussions on stackoverflow and many other resources found in the net.p  pIve encountered problems with virtually any datetime picker script. For instance, activeadmins wiki page a hrefhttpsgithub.comgregbellactiveadminwikiCombinedatetimepickerwithactiveadmin relnofollowCombine datetime picker with activeadmina no longer apply to 0.5.0. Result looks a hrefhttptinypic.comr2wqe4j96 relnofollowlike thisa.p  pSome of them suffer from CSS inheritance  active admin applies a lot of styling, and if pickers author had not avoided that, it requires manually styling indefinite amount of CSS properties just to revert changes.p  pI cannot rely on such scripts. It is not because I am lazy, or I am unable to fix them. Theres just too big risk of breaking such hacks in case of updating any of dependent gemslibraries related to active admin.p  pAnyone can recommend working solution that wont suffer from such problemsp
Negative 63 pIm developing a free app for OS X that mutes your computer on a schedule. The idea behind it is so if youre in a meeting or class, you can just run the app and be sure that it wont make noises. The problem is, I dont know how to mute the system volume. Any helpp
Negative 63 pGiven I have a HL7 message V 2.x or v3.x and I need to transform it to pretty HTML page to display its contents in reading mode.p  pis there an XSLT template or library that can help p  pis there a .NET library that can do that p  phere is a sample HL7 messagep  precodeMSHampNESNINTENDOTESTSYSTEMTESTFACILITY20010101000000ADTA04Q123456789T123456789X123456P2.3 EVNA0420010101000000KOOPABOWSERCURRENT PID11234567890123456789AAJPBROSMARIO19850101000000M123 FAKE STREETMARIO T LUIGI BROS PLACETOADSTOOL KINGDOMNESA1B2C3JPHOME123412345555550123HOMEJP1234567SMSH123456780N NK11PEACHPRINCESSSOANOTHER CASTLETOADSTOOL KINGDOMNESJP12355512341235552345NOK NK12TOADSTOOLPRINCESSSOYET ANOTHER CASTLETOADSTOOL KINGDOMNESJP12355534561235554567EMC PV11OABCDEFGH123456DINOYOSHIMSRMCURRENTNEIGHBOURHOOD DR NBRDOGDUCKHUNTCURRENTCRD123456DINOYOSHIMSRMCURRENTNEIGHBOURHOOD DR NBRAO01234567891MSHA20010101000000 codepre
Negative 63 pI have a small Django application with a view that I want to restrict to certain users. Anyone from a specific network should be able to see that view without any further authentication, based on IP address alone. Anyone else from outside this IP range should be asked for a password and authenticated against the default Django user management.p  pI assume I have to write a custom authentication backend for that, but the documentation confuses me as the codeauthenticatecode function seems to expect a usernamepassword combination or a token. It is not clear to me how to authenticate using IP addresses here.p  pWhat would be the proper way to implement IP addressbased authentication in Django Id prefer to use as much existing library functions as possible for securityrelated code instead of writing all of it myself.p
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4578590pythonequivalentoffiltergettingtwooutputlistsiepartitionofalistpython equivalent of filter getting two output lists i.e. partition of a lista  p blockquote    pIs there any builtin function or maybe some module in python standard library, that simulates  codeEnumerable.partitioncode behaviour from Ruby and iterates over an object just once to get two liststuples based on a predicate function passedp
Negative 63 pI have been using Xcode 4.4.1 and Restkit has been working perfectly on Simulator and Device. Since I upgraded to Xcode 4.5 yesterday, Restkit works fine on the Simulator, but when I try to run on my iOS 6 device, I get compile errorsp  precoded warning ignoring file DeveloperXcodeDerivedDataAppNameBuildProductsDebugiphoneoslibRestKit.a, file was built for archive which is not the architecture being linked armv7s DeveloperXcodeDerivedDataAppNameBuildProductsDebugiphoneoslibRestKit.a Undefined symbols for architecture armv7s    OBJCCLASSRKObjectManager, referenced from       objcclassref in AppDelegate.o codepre  pWhat does this mean and how do I fix this issue Help is appreciated.p
Negative 63 pWhat does code[[]]code mean in regexp  precode echo [][]  grep oE [[]] [] []  grep version grep GNU grep 2.10 codepre  pHmm, it appear that it matches code[]code. The character sequences code[]code, not code[code or code]code. Ive tested it with pythons re module, same result. Really If so, whyp  pI knew if I want to match code[code or code]code, I should have written code[][]code or code[[]]code. They work in PCRE, grep supports code[][]code but not code[[]]code since codecode loses special meaning in greps bracket expression. Im only feeling curiosity.p
Negative 63 pIs there a maximum value to the id of a facebook user p  pI was using an SQL integer to store the value but its not enough as Ive encountered an id with 15 digits.p  pIm guessing there is none would be logical... and that the equivalent of a big integer is being used  So should I just switch to varchar255 p
Negative 63 pi have this Classp  precodepublic Class Employee      String name     ListltAddressgt listOfAddress   public Class Address      String location     String streetName  codepre  pin my JSP page i have filled like thisp  precode ltstextfield idstreetName namelistOfAddress[listOfAddress.size].streetName size20 maxlength24 cssStylewidth 100px gt codepre  peach time i submit the page an object of time Address is added to the list therefore the size will increase by one. when i view the source HTML of the previous textField, its name looks like this listOfAddress[0].streetName , if i submit the JSP page after succefull addition, it will return to the same page and the name of this textfield will be listOfAddress[1].streetName if you view its HTML sourcep  pand like this i can add as many addresses as i want to same Employee object.p  pso far everything is OK. the problem is when i want to validate this field icant because it is dynamic if i put this validation it will validate it the first time only.p  precode     ltfield namelistOfAddress[0].streetNamegt         ltfieldvalidator typerequiredstring shortcircuittruegt            ltparam nametrimgttrueltparamgt            ltmessagegtsorry this field is required fieldltmessagegt        ltfieldvalidatorgt     ltfieldgt  codepre  pwhat i want is to make the index of the list listOfAddress dymanic according to the size of the list.p  pi dont know how to pass it dynamicall from the jspp  pcan i do something like this p  precode    ltfield namelistOfAddress[dynamic index value].streetNamegt         ltfieldvalidator typerequiredstring shortcircuittruegt            ltparam nametrimgttrueltparamgt             ltparam namemyIndexgtdynamic index valueltparamgt             ltmessagegtsorry this field is required fieldltmessagegt        ltfieldvalidatorgt     ltfieldgt  codepre  por pass the dynamic value to a custom validator p  pplease help me, how to validate the list when the index is dynamicp
Negative 63 pI have piece of code imageupload.php below where the php is suppose to upload a file into the server and insert data into the database.p  precode ltphp       check connection       if mysqliconnecterrno           printfConnect failed sn, mysqliconnecterror          die             result  0       UPLOAD IMAGE FILE       moveuploadedfileFILES[fileImage][tmpname], ImageFiles . FILES[fileImage][name]       result  1       INSERT INTO IMAGE DATABASE TABLE       imagesql  INSERT INTO Image ImageFile VALUES        if insert  mysqligtprepareimagesql            Handle errors with prepare operation here             Dont pass data directly to bindparam store it in a variable      insertgtbindparams, img       Assign the variable      img  ImageFiles . FILES[fileImage][name]       insertgtexecute       insertimagequestiongtexecute       IF ANY ERROR WHILE INSERTING DATA INTO EITHER OF THE TABLES      if insertgterrno          Handle query error here             insertgtclose            gt codepre  pBut I want to create html form to associate with this but I have never created a file input in html. Does anybody know how to create the html form that can be associated with thisp  pI want a html code so that I can test the code above and then be able to test for any errors if there are any.p
Negative 63 pI have downloaded nopCommerce latest version with MVCRazor but I am not able to open the project as it gives error as stronginvalid child element MvcBuildViews in namespacestrong. I tried to remove it and then tried to open the project but it does not allow to do it.p  pKindly help me in this matterp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pIm currently having some charset problems, that I cant solve myself. My problem is, that when I use some special characters, I just get a p  pIt is ONLY on database content  so content written directly in my view files is shown correctly, but when it is coming from a database, it gives the above problem.p  pDoes anyone know what I maybe should look for At the moment I havent got any more ideas myself.p  h2SOLLUTIONh2  pChanging my connection line to PDO fromp  precodeselfdb  new PDOselfDBtype .host. selfDBhostname .dbname. selfDBdatabase, selfDBusername, selfDBpass  codepre  pAnd simply add the charset  so the connection line is as followingp  precodeoptions  arrayPDOMYSQLATTRINITCOMMAND gt SET NAMES utf8 selfdb  new PDOselfDBtype .host. selfDBhostname .dbname. selfDBdatabase, selfDBusername, selfDBpass, options  codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI speak a little English. I try to ask my question.p  pI have a model. its name Product.csp  precode  Product        public int TypeId  get set these are at the same time field of Type Table     public string TypeName  get set       public int TradeMarkId  get set at the same time field of TradeMark Table     public string TradeMarkName  get set       public int ProductId  get set at the same time field of TProduct Table     public string ProductName  get set      public int TId  get set      public int TMId  get set       public ListltTypeProductgt typeList  get set     codepre  pMy controller pagep  precode  My controller    [HttpGet]   public ActionResult TradeMarkProduckAdd        Product product  new Product     TypeList typeList  new TypeList     product  typeList.TypeListOfproduct     return ViewproductThis doesnt work                codepre  pit says a type error The model item passed into the dictionary is of type TypeMark.Models.Product, but this dictionary requires a model item of type System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable1[TypeMark.Models.Product]. p  pwhen I got this error I changed the strongreturn Viewproductstrong to  strongreturn ViewIEnumerableproductstrong but it didnt work again.p  pview pagep  precode    using TypeTradeMark.Models     model IEnumerableltProductgt     using Html.BeginFormAddProduct, Home, FormMethod.Post            foreachvar item in Model as ListltProductgt                                              item.ProductName         item.checkbox for every record               item.dropdownlist for trademarks                       codepre  pTypeList classp  precode    TypeList class      public class TypeList            VtDataContext Vt  new VtDataContext       public Product TypeListOfProduct typeListOf                          var query  from c in Vt.Types select c         typeListOf.typeListnew ListltTypegtquery.ToList         return typeListof             codepre  pmy tablesp  precode    Type  TypeId, TypeName     TradeMark  TradeMarkId,TradeMarkName     TProduct  ProductId,ProductName,TId,TMIdTId relation with TypeId, TMId relation with TradeMarkId codepre  pI couldnt solve the problem Can you help me Thanks p
Negative 63 pthe controller looks like thisp  precodeclass App.ContactsController extends Tower.Controller   index params gt     setperson, App.HighrisePerson.create     render index codepre  pthe view looks like thisp  precodeApp.ContactsEditView  Ember.View.extend   templateName contactsedit   resourceBinding controller.person   init args... gt     .superargs...     console.log.getresource     console.loginited codepre  pwith the above block i see in the console that resource is set to an instance of my Ember.Objectp  pbut with the following viewcodep  precodediv class rowfluid, gt   text with resource   text Hello   text with codepre  prelevant part of parent viewp  precodediv class rowfluid contactform, gt   div class rowfluid, gt     h1 Want to work with us     p So...you want to be kohactivated Please take a few moments to fill out the form below and provide us with some details about your project, company or startup.   text view App.ContactsEditView codepre  pi see no rendered output for hellop  pif i move hello outside of the with block i see hello,p  pso I assume that it isnt recognizing resource for some reasonp  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 63 pIs there a native library that would allow me to parse a Json formatted string Say, for example, I had the stringp  precodestring inp   title My Title  codepre  pIs there a class where I can construct an object using that Json formatted string and find the value for codetitlecodep  pEdit My app is a console application. p
Negative 63 pI have an application where the user can create a project that gets submitted into the database. p  precodeltdiv classprojectnamegt     Project Name     lt f.textfield projectname,maxlength gt 30 gt   ltdivgt  lt labeltag newclient, Client gtltbrgt lt textfieldtag newclient, nil, maxlength gt 30gt Or lt f.select newclient, Project.all.map p [p.newclient].uniq, prompt gt Select an newclient gt ltdivgt  codepre  pHere they have the option to submit text for a new project name, and then have the option to select either an existing client, or enter a new one, which will get stored in the database, and will later be available in the drop down for the next project created.p  pI am trying to add a third option where they can pick an industry. This time however, the user can pick many industries for the one project. What would be the best way to go about thisp  pI was thinking having a dropdown with all the most common industries prepopulated in another table, and if the user wants another they can click a button to bring up another drop down. If the industry isnt present, the could enter one in a text field, that would get saved with that project entry, AND saved into the new industry table which would then be available for the next user.p  pHopefully someone can point me in the right direction. I am a rails noob, so go easy.p  pCheers in advance.p
Negative 63 pI have table with a XML column called MetaData which looks like thisp  precodeltpropsgt   ltprop namebytes value194 gt   ltprop nameerror valueFile is a text file gt   ltprop namemimetype valuetextplain  gt ltpropsgt codepre  pNow I have some differnt errors which I can select with this herep  precodeSELECT MetaData.valuepropsprop[nameerror]value[1], varchar50 Error,        MetaData.valuepropsprop[namemimetype]value[1], varchar50 MimeType,         FROM source WHERE MetaData.existpropsprop[nameerror]  1 codepre  pNow I would like to count how often a error accoursp  precodeSELECT MetaData.valuepropsprop[nameerror]value[1], varchar50 Error,        COUNT Count FROM source WHERE MetaData.existpropsprop[nameerror]  1 GROUP BY Error codepre  pBut I get the error messagep  blockquote   pMeldung 207, Ebene 16, Status 1, Zeile 5br   Ungltiger Spaltenname Error.p blockquote  pWhich means something like Invalid column name Errorp  pI also tried this herep  precodeSelect Error, COUNTError FROM      SELECT MetaData.valuepropsprop[nameerror]value[1], varchar50 Error     FROM videos     WHERE MetaData.existpropsprop[nameerror]  1  GROUP BY Error codepre  pBut that crashes withp  blockquote   pMeldung 156, Ebene 15, Status 1, Zeile 6br   Falsche Syntax in der Nhe des GROUPSchlsselworts.p blockquote  pWhich means something like Syntax error near the keyword GROUPp  pHow can I fix that problemp
Negative 63 pIn a Matlab GUI I have a picture in the backgroundcreated on axes and over it I would like to have text. I put a static text box but I need it to be transparent. I can I do it using GUIDE.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI am trying to get an array structure of a database and a few of its fields from my controller. The fields I want are Document.id, Document.name, Document.submissiondate, and the Requester.name which is joined with Requester.id  Document.requesteridp  pIn my Controllerp  pMethod Ap  precodedocuments  thisgtDocumentgtfindlist, arrayfields gt arrayDocument.name, Requester.name, Document.submissiondate codepre  pCant seem to find Requester.namep  pMethod Bp  precodedocuments  thisgtDocumentgtfindlist, arrayfields gt arrayDocument.name, Requester.name, Document.submissiondate, recursive gt 0 codepre  pGives mep  precode    array         20120817 gt array             DocumentA gt RequesterZ         ,         20120805 gt array             DocumentB gt RequesterY         ,         20120709 gt array             DocumentC gt RequesterX               codepre  pBut I need it to be in formatp  precode    array         int 0 gt array             id gt 16             submissiondate gt 20120817             name gt DocumentA,             requestername gt RequesterZ         ,         int 1 gt array             id gt 41             submissiondate gt 20120805             name gt DocumentB,             requestername gt RequesterY         ,         int 2 gt array             id gt 213                    submissiondate gt 20120709             name gt DocumentC,             requestername gt RequesterX         ,      codepre  pI cant seem to figure it out after going through the 2.0 CakeBook and on StackOverflow... Any help would be appreciated  Sorry  Im still a n00b with CakePHP but REALLY loving it so far  Thanksp
Negative 63 pI am using fancybox on my portfolio page using jquery.  In internet explorer the fancybox opens underneath the page without the overlay effect or navigation control. There does not seem to be a problem in other browsers.  Please helpp  pa hrefhttpwww.iandale.netclientsprivatebrydesignindex2.html relnofollowhttpwww.iandale.netclientsprivatebrydesignindex2.htmlap  pclick on portfolio to see the issue.p  pthe examples work without issue a hrefhttpfancyapps.comfancyboxexamples relnofollowhttpfancyapps.comfancyboxexamplesap  pthanks, bryanp
Negative 63 pWhy i cant found the memeber  AlternationCount in a listview XAML in my Windows8 applicationp  pBest regardsp
Negative 63 pWe have a problem where our java process is  hanging forever, Unless a Kill 9 is issued against it.p  pThe same Process is running successfully in the Other Solaris Envs,p  pJava process consist single thread which starts and end after doing some processing On the Data ,Though from the logs and data we can see that the code is completely executed and all the data is processed.p  pbut if we do JPS we will always see that process is  running. we are Using EHcache with spring for caching purpose and UCP for the connection pool. On The dB side we Have ORACLE RAC Structure.p  ptook several Jstacks and can never See the Process sticking in the my code. though from thread dump can see there are lot of UCP threads hanging there.p  pAlso Adding a Shutdown hook  and removing It in the end,but some reason seems the shutdownhook is never called.p  pDue to project restrictions ,cant paste the code.p  pcan Anyone Please helpp
Negative 63 pIm just curious.br suppose I define a reference inside a whilefor loop.  p  pdoes the JVM define this reference every iteration, or its optimized to define it only once p
Negative 63 pI am trying to enforce the first name of my model to be any character but numbers, but so far its not working as expected.  When I try thisp  precodepublic validate  array     firstname gt array         array             rule gt arraycustom, [d],             message gt Please fill in a valid first name                codepre  pit doesnt work because Im able to save b4b as the name.  If I move the negation to within the brackets like sop  precodepublic validate  array     firstname gt array         array             rule gt arraycustom, [d], allow anything but numbers             message gt Please fill in a valid first name                codepre  pIt also doesnt work because Im able to save ba4b as the name.  So how can I get best of both worlds without having to include both custom validation rulesp
Negative 63 pAt the end of a maven codemvn clean installcode run, the created artifacts are automatically installed in the repository by the maveninstallpluginp  precode[INFO]  maveninstallplugin2.3.1install defaultinstall  project  [INFO] Installing CUsersmannazworkspaceprojecttargetproject0.1.1test.apk to CUsersmannaz.m2repositoryatmannazandroidproject0.1.1project0.1.1.apk [INFO] Installing CUsersmannazworkspaceprojectpom.xml to CUsersmannaz.m2repositoryatmannazandroidproject0.1.1project0.1.1.pom [INFO] Installing CUsersmannazworkspaceprojecttargetproject0.1.1test.jar to CUsersmannaz.m2repositoryatmannazandroidproject0.1.1project0.1.1.jar codepre  pUnfortunately the final apk filename is renamed during this process codeproject0.1.1test.apkcodecodeproject0.1.1.apkcode. p  pInitially the name of the apk file is set viap  precodeltfinalNamegtproject.artifactIdproject.versionwebservice.targetltfinalNamegt codepre  pHow can I specify the final name of the apk file in the build archive without overriding the codeltversiongtcode attribute itselfp
Negative 63 pI have a question to couchdb views  mapreduce.p  pLets say, we have a database with hoteldocuments like the followingp  precode[         id 1,         name Hotel A,         type hotel,         stars 3,         flags [familyfriendly,greenhotel,sport],         hotelType premium,         food [breakfast,lunch]     ,          id 2,         name Hotel B,         type hotel,         stars 5,         flags [familyfriendly,petfriendly],         hotelType budget,         food [breakfast,lunch,dinner]     ] codepre  pTo find all hotels with 3 stars, the following view will fitp  precodefunctiondoc      emit[doc.stars, doc.name]  codepre  pIf I use startkey[3], everything is fine.p  pBut how is it possible to make a view with multiple filtersp  pFor example  all hotelsp  ul liwith 3 stars and the flags familyfriendly and petfriendly and with hotelType budgetli liwith hotelType premium and food breakfast or lunchli lietc.li ul  pAny ideasp  pEDIT I have now decided to use good old mysql. CouchDB was a nice experience for me, but there are tooo much problems if you need more then the data of one document p
Negative 63 pI am developing a Java application to readwrite PLC values trough Modbus TCP, I am using modbus4j. In the same application I want to generate Ethernet TCP traffic, and read the Ethernet load.p  pDo you know some lava library to do thisp  pBest regards.p
Negative 63 pHello I have this code in a Django Templatep  plt input  typetext nameppoisNomePOI  value request.session.ppoisNomePOI  p  pIf my request.session.ppoisNomePOI is John then in the page it appears John in the input But if my request.session.ppoisNomePOI is John Flanders Simpson it only appears Johnp  pI assume it was a problem with the spaces in the value.p  pCan anyone help me p  pJust use  Thanks to TheZp  plt input  typetext nameppoisNomePOI  value request.session.ppoisNomePOI  p
Negative 63 pI have a Rails app running on a shared web host under a folder in my root direction called mintrusror. There is a symbolic link publichtml that points to mintrusrorpublic. My Rails app loads in the browser but the stylesheets dont load. Looking at the rendered source I noticed the assets path it is using is mintrusrorassetsapplication.css. I am trying to figure out how to change it so it does not include the mintrusror directory in the assets path. Any ideasp
Negative 63 pUsing php to get 100 photos url from a db and show them on a page, but some photos may no longer exist. If the photo url is fail 404 I want to use jquery to hide the image and dont want to show any error picture. This is my code but it doesnt work.p  phtmlp  precodeltdiv idtestgt     ltimg srchttptest.comtest1.jpg gt     ltimg src httptest.comtest2.jpg gt     ltimg srchttptest.comtest3.jpg gt ltdivgt codepre  pjqueryp  precodevar piclist  jQuerytest img  piclist.loadfunction       var http  new XMLHttpRequest     http.openHEAD, piclist, false     http.send     if http.status  404          piclist.hide      else          piclist.show       codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to create an Android App that connects to a MySQL database. Is there an easy way to do this Maybe a guide that I have missed This seems like a common task but for some reason I cant find much information about it.p
Negative 63 pI am having some trouble converting a php pregmatch to java.  I thought I had it all correct but it doesnt seem to be working. Here is the codep  pOriginal PHPp  precode Pattern for 44 Character UUID  pattern  [09AF]44 if pregmatchpattern,content                 DO ACTION              codepre  pMy Java codep  precodefinal String pattern  [09AF]44     public static boolean pregMatchString pattern, String content              Pattern p  Pattern.compilepattern             Matcher m  p.matchercontent             boolean b  m.matches             return b          if pregMatchpattern, line                          DO ACTION                      codepre  pSo my test input is DBA4036573464DB4A2CF52ECA8C640910p  pUsing a series of System.outs I get that b  false.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to make a distributed system where a client sends some information to one server, the server receives the message and forwards it to all other strongserversstrong.  The system utilises RPC and XDR as its interface definition language. p  pI got the part where the server receives the message. But Im unable to forward the message to other servers. Even if I manage to forward the message, its only printed strongif the client also sends a message to that specific serverstrong, i.e., along with that message.p  pFor Ex If I send a message strongHellostrong to server A and server A is supposed to forward it to server B as well. Server B gets the message and doesnot print it. Instead, when I send a message strongHistrong to server B, it prints strongHELLOHIstrong. That means B got the message and didnt quite print it.p  pAny suggestions as to why that might be happening Im using coderpcbroadcastcode to broadcast the message received from client to other servers.p  pEdit1 Heres the method that I try to call when a broadcast is received by all servers. Im jus trying to print a static HELLO THERE to see if its working before implementing my logic there.p  precodeint  passdetails1svc xactionargs argp, struct svcreq rqstp      int i    printfHELLO THERE       return i  codepre  pAnd heres the rpcbroadcast call that I do when I receive a message from the clientp  blockquote   pxactionargs ag   ag.passMsgHellobr   rpcbroadcastothers,TICKERPROG,TICKERVERS,PASSDETAILS,xdrproctxdrxactionargs,ampagp blockquote  pcodepassMsgcode is a variable in the structure defined in the XDR file.p
Negative 63 pI have a grid where user and add new rows as many as they want. After adding all the rows, they click the Save button. On Save button click, I want to send all the data entered by the user in JSON format to the server side code i.e. a servlet in my casep  pBelow is the model and store definitionp  precode Ext.definePlant,      extend Ext.data.Model,     fields [          the name below matches the tag name to read, except availDate          which is mapped to the tag availability         name common, type string,         name botanical, type string,         name light,         name price, type float,          dates can be automatically converted by specifying dateFormat         name availDate, mapping availability, type date, dateFormat mdY,         name indoor, type bool     ]     create the Data Store var store  Ext.createExt.data.Store,       destroy the store if the grid is destroyed     autoDestroy true,     model Plant  codepre  pOn click of the save button, I am able to get the store like thisp  precode         text Save,         handler  function             Getting the store             var records  grid.getStore             console.logrecords.getCount             Ext.Ajax.request                 url CellEditingCellEditingGridServlet,                 method POST,                 jsonData                      How to assign the store here such that                      it is send in a JSON format to the server                 ,                 callback function options, success, response                                          codepre  pBut I dont know like how to convert the store content into JSON and send it in the codejsonDatacode of the ajax request.p  pI want the JSON data something like this in the server sidep  precodeplantDetails [      common Plant1,     light shady,     price 25.00,     availDate 05052013,     indoor Yes ,       common Plant2,     light most shady,     price 15.00,     availDate 12092012,     indoor No , ]  codepre  pPlease let me know how to achieve this.p  pRegards,p
Negative 63 pi have a plan to gather netflow packetsv5 come from a mikrotik router in c app, i open a udp listener on the port which packets come and read the byte array, i split the packet byte array by looking at packet format a hrefhttpnetflow.caligare.comnetflowv5.htm relnofollowcaligare.coma, as the packet format byte 2427 is the SysUptime at start of flow , now i want to convert this 4 byte to datetime.p  pfor example this 4 byte is 134 , 88, 157, 126 how should i do thatp  pthanksp
Negative 63 pI am writing a simple program where a user enters a password to use a directory system. p  pIf the user choses not to enter any details I want to log them out and then give them the option to log back in again. I have tried doing this with a loop see code below but when I reset the passQ vairable to 0 I was expecting it to log the user out and return to the opening statement in the loop... but that doesnt happen. p  pCan anyone point me in the right direction. p  pI tried adding break commented out bellow but this just ended the program. p  pp.s. I know this way of managing the password isnt really secure, I was just having a play as I may want to use loops like this for other things in the future. p  precodepackage directory  import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Scanner  public class Directory      param args the command line arguments    Main Meathod   public static void main String[] args            Define Variables           String question  Y     String passQ     0     String password  password      Scanner passCheck  new ScannerSystem.in     System.out.printlnWelcome to Chris Headleands Tel Directory, Enter Password to access sytems 1 and 0 used for yes and no     question  passCheck.nextLine  Next line used to decide if the user wants to enter a persons details     while passQ  password              if question.equalsIgnoreCasepassword Do they want to ender a person 1  yes                       Create a new array list for the people created             ArrayListltTelEntrygt directory  new ArrayListltTelEntrygt              Check if the user wants to create a new person             Scanner checker  new ScannerSystem.in             System.out.printlnwould you like to add a directory entry1  Yes  0  NO 1 and 0 used for yes and no             question  checker.nextLine  Next line used to decide if the user wants to enter a persons details              if question.equalsIgnoreCasey Do they want to ender a person 1  yes                              while question.equalsIgnoreCasey  Add a loop so multiple people can be added                                       String name  First name                     String telNo  Last name                       Create scanner for entering details                     Scanner keybd  new ScannerSystem.in                                           User to enter details via keyboard                                            Ask user to set first name                     System.out.printlnEnter their first name                     name  keybd.nextLine                       Ask user to set last name                     System.out.printlnEnter their last name                     telNo  keybd.nextLine                                            Add the new person to personlist array                                          directory.addnew TelEntryname, telNo                                            Check to see if the user wants to add another person, if Y then rerun loop                                           Scanner newChecker  new ScannerSystem.in                     System.out.printwould you like to enter another person 1  Yes  0  NO                     question  newChecker.nextLine                                                               User doesnt want to add any people to the persontest program                           if question.equalsIgnoreCasetestmode                              System.out.printlnyou are now in test mode                          else               Provide the user with a witty retort                                      System.out.printlnif your not going to use me for what I was designed to do, bugger off and bother someone else                 System.out.printlnLogging out                 passQ  0  Reset password loop                  break                             codepre  pp
Negative 63 pHow would one go about identifying the types inside a boostfusion vectorp  pe.g.p  precodefusionvectorltint, double, stringgt v codepre  pthen something that would let me identify codev[0]code as being type codeintcode, codev[1]code as type codedoublecode and codev[2]code as type codestringcode.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm creating an API in which it is possible to upload a file in a chunked manner.p  pGoing by this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7464176isusingthehttpcontentrangeheaderappropriatewhensendingafileinchunks7464204comment178500317464204Stackoverflow question and answera, the contentrange header seems most appropriate for this.p  pHowever, in the controller action the header has been stripped so I cant access it. When I use the range header it is available in the request headers collection.p  pAnyone an idea why the ContentRange is stripped from Requestsp
Negative 63 pIve found a kind of estrange effect while I was using several related arrays. After break my mind looking for the error, finally Ive found a solution. But I would like to know if any of you can explain me why is happening this.p  pMy code was something like p  precodevar closed [closed, closed, ..., closed] sunday  closed ... saturday  closed codepre  pAfter this if i dop  precodesunday[2]  open codepre  pI get sunday[2]  open, monday[2]  open, tuesday[2]  open, ..., saturday[2]  open. Its like all the variables were been glued or linked because no mater which you change, all of them change in the same way.p  pIve fixed it in this wayp  precodevar closed1 [closed, closed, ..., closed] ... var closed7 [closed, closed, ..., closed] sunday  closed1 ... saturday  closed7 codepre  pAnd now I get independent variables. But I dont like this solution, so Id be grateful if someone knows the problem. Im running JavaScript over Google Chrome.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pIm trying to use the Apache Wink Client in an OSGi application running on WebSphere Liberty Profile 8.5p  precodeorg.apache.wink.client.ClientConfig clientConfig  new ClientConfig org.apache.wink.client.RestClient client  new RestClientclientConfig org.apache.wink.client.Resource resource  client.resourceuri org.apache.wink.client.ClientResponse response  resource.get System.out.printlnresponse.getEntityString.class codepre  pThe compiler produces the following error around the call to ClientResponse.getEntityp  precodeThe type org.apache.wink.client.internal.BaseRequestResponse cannot be resolved. It is indirectly referenced from required .class files codepre  pIt appears that ClientResponse extends org.apache.wink.client.internal.BaseRequestResponse, which is not included in the ExportPackage declaration of com.ibm.websphere.appserver.thirdparty.jaxrs.p  pIs it possible to use the Apache Wink Client from the jaxrs1.1 feature in an OSGi applicationp
Negative 63 pThe codeJTextFieldcode is there because when I move the mouse over where its supposed to be the mouse icon changes to a cursor, then when I click it shows up. But its invisible at launch. What am I missingp  precodepublic class JavaSwingTextfield extends JFrame      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L      JTextField myTextField      public JavaSwingTextfield           JFrame setup            Set the size of the window         setSize600,600           Make the application close when the X is clicked on the window         setDefaultCloseOperationEXITONCLOSE           Makes the JFrame visible to the user         setVisibletrue           JFrame setup END             JButton setup            Create a JLabel and set its label to Start         myTextField  new JTextFieldStart           Set the labels size         myTextField.setSize100, 50           Put the label in a certain spot         myTextField.setLocation200, 50           Set a font type for the label         Font myFont  new FontSerif, Font.BOLD, 24         myTextField.setFontmyFont           Add the label to the JFrame         addmyTextField           JButton setup END               The main method      public static void mainString[] args           new JavaSwingTextfield         codepre
Negative 63 pI am experiencing some troubles managing some repositories on Github. I am actiually mainting a pathfinding library. The master repo is here a hrefhttpsgithub.comYonabaJumper relnofollowJumpera.This repo connected to 2 others, included as submodules a hrefhttpsgithub.comYonaba30log relnofollow30loga and a hrefhttpsgithub.comYonabaBinaryHeaps relnofollowBinaryHeapsa.p  pWhen I attempt to clone the master repo Jumper, using emrecursiveem as an option, strongit works fine.strongp  pBut, when I want to include this master repo as a submodule in another one, lets call it strongSuperMaster repostrong, and then I attempt to emclone SuperMaster repoem, still using emrecursiveem, it succeeds to clone the repo emJumperem, but fails to register its submodules em30logem and emBinaryHeapsem, saying something likep  precodeFailed to recurse into submodule path  fatal not a git repository ........cUsers... etc codepre  pI dug a bit, and I found some people have encountered something similar a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10327628whydoesrecursivesubmoduleupdatefromgithubfailfordoctrinemongoormmoduleherea and a hrefhttpgit.661346.n2.nabble.comgitsubmodulepathcomputationbugwithrecursivesubmodulestd7562568.html relnofollowherea but noone of the solutions proposed seems to work with me.p
Negative 63 pUntil recently, one could put a Like button on a web page, and if you were listed as the admin in the fbadmins tag on the page, and you then clicked the Like button yourself, an admin page would be created in your personal Facebook account where you could send updates to fans who had liked your web page.  This is being phased out on November 7, by which time one needs to convert all such pages to real facebook pages following the procedure Facebook documents herep  pdevelopers.facebook.comdocsreferencepluginslikemigrationp  pOur nonprofit organization operates web pages and Facebook pages for just over 200 breedspecific animal rescue groups, all of which have Facebook like buttons on each web page.  Ive successfully migrated over about 20 of these pages using the procedure designated in the page above.p  pThe problem Im having is that at some point recently, Facebook stopped creating the Admin pages when a page admin likes a web page.  This means, for about 80 or so of the rescue pages we have many with 1000s of likes, I have no way to migrate them because there is no page to migrate.p  pAll of these pages have identical code as the pages I was able to migrate, the only difference is I never went, and as page Admin, clicked the Like button on any of these pages, so Facebook never created any page which I can use for the migration process.  I would have done this months ago had I known Facebook was phasing out this ability, but I dont think it was ever announced.p  pI dont know when Facebook discontinued creating Admin pages for web pages with Like buttons, but having discontinued it before the November 7 actual migration deadline, we have no way now to access the likes from many of our web pages to migrate them over to our actual Facebook pages.p  pThis might be better illustrated by examples.  We operate a page for Pit Bull Rescue herep  pa hrefhttppitbull.rescueme.org relnofollowhttppitbull.rescueme.orgap  pI successfully migrated the Likes from that page to our actual Facebook page here using the documentation on Facebooks migration pagep  pa hrefhttpwww.facebook.compitbull.rescueme.org relnofollowhttpwww.facebook.compitbull.rescueme.orgap  pNote the Like count on the Facebook on the web page is higher, because Facebook counts certain shares on a page, that dont count as actual likes on a Facebook page.p  pBut heres a page with the problem australianshepherd.rescueme.orgp  pIt has 383 Likes but there is no way for me to migrate those likes over because there is no associated page in my Facebook account to migrate.  I created a Facebook page to merge these likes into  www.facebook.comaustralianshepherd.rescueme.org  but dont know how to get them there.p  pIn the past I would have just clicked the Like button on the WEB page itself, and an Admin page would have been created.  Apparently Facebook discontinued that ability at some point long before the November 7 migration deadline, so I have no idea how I can fix this.p  pI imagine or hope there is some parameter perhaps I can switch in some app settings panel to help with this, but I cant find any way to do it.  Any suggestionsp  pIve been told I need to ask someone at Facebook to manually transfer Likes from such pages over to our actual Facebook pages, but have not been able to reach someone to do this.  If this is the necessary step, can someone from Facebook please contact me privately, or post here how to get that type of assistance.p  pIf this was just a few hundred likes it wouldnt be a big deal, but cumulatively I believe we have well over 100,000 fans we will lose if we cant fix this. The hundreds of volunteers running all these rescue group web pages who spent many hours each week over the past year building up our fan base, arent going to be pleased about learning all their efforts will be lost.p  pAny suggestions would be very, very appreciatedp  pSincerely,p  pJeff Goldp
Negative 63 pI am trying to run my web application through tomcat serverv7.0.32.The project is developed under eclipseJuno. when i type httplocalhost8080MyNewApp1 in my browser it says,  strongHTTP Status 404  MyNewApp1 type Status report message MyNewApp1 description The requested resource is not available. Apache Tomcat7.0.32strong  when i try to view the log through command line using less strongcatalina.outstrong , i get trace as belowp  precodeINFO The APR based Apache Tomcat Native library which allows optimal performance in production environments was not found on the java.library.path usrlib jvmjava1.6.0openjdk1.6.0.0jrelibi386serverusrlibjvmjava1.6.0openjdk1.6.0.0jrelibi386usrlibjvmjava1.6.0openjdk1.6.0.0jre..libi 386usrjavapackageslibi386libusrlib Nov 7, 2012 34000 PM org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocol init INFO Initializing ProtocolHandler [httpbio8080] Nov 7, 2012 34000 PM org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocol init INFO Initializing ProtocolHandler [ajpbio8009] Nov 7, 2012 34000 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.Catalina load INFO Initialization processed in 851 ms Nov 7, 2012 34000 PM org.apache.catalina.core.StandardService startInternal INFO Starting service Catalina Nov 7, 2012 34000 PM org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngine startInternal INFO Starting Servlet Engine Apache Tomcat7.0.32 Nov 7, 2012 34000 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig deployDescriptor INFO Deploying configuration descriptor homekruthiapachetomcat7.0.32confCatalinalocalhostMyNewApp1.xml Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig deployDirectory INFO Deploying web application directory homekruthiapachetomcat7.0.32webappsdocs Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig deployDirectory INFO Deploying web application directory homekruthiapachetomcat7.0.32webappsROOT Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig deployDirectory INFO Deploying web application directory homekruthiapachetomcat7.0.32webappsexamples Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig deployDirectory INFO Deploying web application directory homekruthiapachetomcat7.0.32webappshostmanager Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.HostConfig deployDirectory INFO Deploying web application directory homekruthiapachetomcat7.0.32webappsmanager Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocol start INFO Starting ProtocolHandler [httpbio8080] Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocol start INFO Starting ProtocolHandler [ajpbio8009] Nov 7, 2012 34001 PM org.apache.catalina.startup.Catalina start INFO Server startup in 1254 ms codepre  pWhere am i going wrongI have checked my web.xml file, ensured that it is a web project,i am able to export it as a WAR file and everything seems to be fine for me...But still i get this error and not able to move forward.Please help.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pMy website contains a couple of joblistings, so for that how will fetch those joblisting contents and make it displayed in the android app, i followed json parsing tutorials but still din get the output, please can anybody help in.p
Negative 63 pI have the following code a hrefhttppastebin.com61K2J9kR relnofollowhttppastebin.com61K2J9kRap  pCan anyone tell me why the value is not getting stored into strongdestxstrong  The input in the textbox should be stored into strongdestxstrong once the strongGOstrong button is clicked.p  pAny help would be appreciated. p
Negative 63 pI have a for loop with more than 20k iterations,for each iteration it is taking around two or three seconds and total around 20minutes.  how i can optimize this for loop. I am using .net3.5 so parallel foreach is not possible. so i splited the 200000 nos into small chunks and implemented some threading now i am able reduce the time by 50. is there any other way to optimize these kind of for loops.p  pMy sample code is given belowp  precode    static double sum0.0     public double AsyncTest                  ListltItemgt ItemsList  GetItemaround 20k items             int count  0             bool flag  true             var newItemsList  ItemsList.Take62.ToList             while flag                              int j0                 WaitHandle[] waitHandles  new WaitHandle[62]                 foreach Item item in newItemsList                                      var delegateInstance  new MyDelegateMyMethod                     IAsyncResult asyncResult  delegateInstance.BeginInvokeitem.id, new AsyncCallbackMyAsyncResults, null                     waitHandles[j]  asyncResult.AsyncWaitHandle                     j                                  WaitHandle.WaitAllwaitHandles                 count  count  62                 newItemsList  ItemsList.Skipcount.Take62.ToList                            return sum           public double MyMethodint id              Calculations         return sum           static public void MyAsyncResultsIAsyncResult iResult              AsyncResult asyncResult  AsyncResult iResult         MyDelegate del  MyDelegate asyncResult.AsyncDelegate         double mySum  del.EndInvokeiResult         sum  sum  mySum      codepre
Negative 63 plet me introduce you first to the issue that I am experiencing. Ive recently started working on my own MVC framework. I want some additional experience and to understand how exactly frameworks like CodeIgniter work.p  pAnyway, everything was going great until I added a construct to my controller. The request was routed properly, the controller has been initialized  the issue is that is gets initialized time after time and continues until resource limit has been reached.p  pAfter doing a lot of debugging, I found out that one simple line causes everything, but I dont know how why. This is the linep  precodecontroller  ampFuturoContainergetController codepre  pTo explain the above line. FuturoContainer is my implementation of dependency injection. It contains instances of all classes that should be initialized only once.p  pThis is getController methodp  precodeprivate static controller  null public static function ampgetController      if selfcontroller  null           Load controller file          require selfgetParamcontrollerFile          controllerName  selfgetParamcontrollerName          selfcontroller  new controllerName           return selfcontroller  codepre  pcontroller is null by default.p  pAs I have already mentioned, even though controller should be a class instance after this method has been executed for the first time, it seems to remain NULL. Not only that, but the method gets executed time after time after time. And the weirdest part it only happens if I add construct to a controller like thisp  precodeclass Home extends Controller      public function construct              parentconstruct       codepre  pAny idea why might this happen Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pWhy is the below query failing it use the index storyid, in the storykeywords tablep  precodemysqlgt EXPLAIN SELECT stories.     gt FROM stories     gt JOIN storykeywords ON storykeywords.storyid  stories.id     gt WHERE imagefullurl       gt AND order  0     gt AND newstype IN movie, moviereview      gt AND keyword IN topnews, toptablet      gt GROUP BY stories.id     gt ORDER BY created DESC, order DESC     gt LIMIT 5    id  selecttype  table           type    possiblekeys  key      keylen  ref                                    rows  Extra                                            1  SIMPLE       storykeywords  ALL     storyid       NULL     NULL     NULL                                     42  Using where Using temporary Using filesort    1  SIMPLE       stories         eqref  PRIMARY        PRIMARY  767      entertainment.storykeywords.storyid     1  Using where                                    2 rows in set 0.00 sec   mysqlgt show create table stories   Table    Create Table                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          stories  CREATE TABLE stories    id varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci NOT NULL,   newstype varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   title varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   created datetime DEFAULT NULL,   author varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   authortitle varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   imagecaption text COLLATE utf8unicodeci,   imagecredit varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   imagefullurl varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   body text COLLATE utf8unicodeci,   summary text COLLATE utf8unicodeci,   externalurl varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   order int10 DEFAULT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY id  ENGINEMyISAM DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 COLLATEutf8unicodeci   1 row in set 0.00 sec  mysqlgt show create table storykeywords   Table           Create Table                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         storykeywords  CREATE TABLE storykeywords    id int10 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   storyid varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci NOT NULL,   keyword varchar255 COLLATE utf8unicodeci NOT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY id,   KEY storyid storyid  ENGINEMyISAM AUTOINCREMENT85 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 COLLATEutf8unicodeci   1 row in set 0.00 sec codepre
Negative 63 pIm new to Zend Framework2 and Im asking for advice for the following situationp  pIm using the ZF2 strongBreadcrumbs Helperstrong to create breadcrums on my project and this codep  precode breadcrumbs.phtml    echo thisgtnavigationNavigation         gtbreadcrumbs         gtsetLinkLastfalse                link last page         gtsetMaxDepth7                    stop at level 7         gtsetMinDepth0                    start at level 0         gtsetSeparator  . PHPEOL     separator with newline  codepre  pwhen rendered looks like thisp  pstrongHome  Lorem Ipsum1  Lorem Ipsum2  Current Crumbstrongp  pExploring the source codep  precodeltdiv idbreadcrumbsgt     lta hrefgtHomeltagt          lta hrefgtLorem Ipsum1ltagt          lta hrefgtLorem Ipsum2ltagt      Current Crumb ltdivgt codepre  pSo, my question is using the Breadcrumb Helper how can I get the following source code to be able to style the Breadcrumbs the way I want top  precodeltdiv idbreadcrumbsgt     ltul idbreadcrumbsgt        ltligtlta hrefgtHomeltagtltligt        ltligtlta hrefgtLorem Ipsum1ltagtltligt        ltligtlta hrefgtLorem Ipsum2ltagtltligt        ltligtlta href classcurrentgtCurrent Crumbltagtltligt     ltulgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI am atempting to build a Multiplatform desktop application using WxWidegts. As the IDE I am using Codlite. Version info isp  pCodlite Revision 5770 WxWidgets 2.9.4 OS Windows 7 Compiler gp  pThe problem is, after compiling, trying to start the program will give an error that tells me wxbase294ugcccl.dll is missing. I thought maybe its a debug library thing, so I set the build configs to release but still the same error.p  pMy understanding was that Wxwidgets builds nativly to the OS so it shouldnt be dependant on such a large dll. The dll exists in the libs that was installed by Codlite, but the system does not seem to pick it up.p  pAm I supposed to build using VC not sure how to set that on the build settings.p  pIve been a WebApp guy for a long time and new to CrossPlatform devlopment, so help me out if Im going the wrong way.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pMy application starts with request to browser with codehttp[ipaddress][port no]code. It loads the codeindex.htmlcode in browser and opens a new window in which actions of the application can be performed.The codeindex.htmlcode call a java Script which has a method codecreateWebStartLaunchButton functionjnlp, minimumVersioncode.But i didnt find the code.jnlpcode file in client code as well as server code.Client is written in java seems to be swing application and sever is written in codec.code Client does not have a codemaincode either. when i start the application the jar are downloaded from server and can be viewed in java control panelgeneral tabview. As per the oracle documentation the java web start application should show the application name in codejava control panelgtgeneral tabgtviewgtshowthe drop down optioncode Application But in my case nothing is there but in Resources option all the jars which is downloaded from server is there. Is this application is java web start or this some other application. Note My application does not support next generation plugin...    Any help will be appreciated...Thanks in Advancep
Negative 63 pI have 2 coordinates, a top left and a bottom right. I would like to find the center point of the region. Right now I have the following method to calculate it. The center point is way off. When I call the method withp  precode[self.map setRegionTopLeft CLLocationCoordinate2DMake21.57524, 157.984514                bottomRight CLLocationCoordinate2DMake21.309766, 157.80766                   animatedYES] codepre  pIt should center on the island of Oahu in the State of Hawaii, USA. I found this math a hrefhttpmathforum.orglibrarydrmathview70471.html relnofollowherea so Im not sure whats going on.p  pstrongCode Astrong  This is way off. Its not putting me anywhere near the island.p  precode CLLocationCoordinate2DcenterPointFromRegionTopLeftCLLocationCoordinate2DtopLeft                                            bottomRightCLLocationCoordinate2DbottomRight      CLLocationCoordinate2D centerPoint      centerPoint.longitude  topLeft.longitude  bottomRight.longitude  2     if fabsbottomRight.longitude  topLeft.longitude gt 180              if centerPoint.longitude gt 0                      centerPoint.longitude  centerPoint.longitude  180          else              centerPoint.longitude  centerPoint.longitude  180                    centerPoint.latitude  asinsinbottomRight.latitude  sintopLeft.latitude2      return centerPoint  codepre  pIve also, originally, tried this method. Its just what popped in my head when I thought center of a rectangle. If gets me a lot closer to what the center should be  I can see the island  but its still off.p  pstrongCode Bstrong  Original code I tried. This is much closer to what I expected but still off.p  precode CLLocationCoordinate2DcenterPointFromRegionTopLeftCLLocationCoordinate2DtopLeft                                            bottomRightCLLocationCoordinate2DbottomRight      CLLocationCoordinate2D centerPoint      centerPoint.latitude   topLeft.latitude  bottomRight.latitude  2     centerPoint.longitude  topLeft.longitude  bottomRight.longitude  2      return centerPoint  codepre  pSo given a coordinate region topLeft, bottomRight how to I get the center coordinate The idea is I should be able to give any 2 coordinates and get the center coordinate.p  pstrongUpdatestrong Code B works. I had my topLeft and bottomRight wrong. Code A puts me very south and a little east of where it should.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to retroactively apply testing to a pretty complicated app never again. Ive built in Sendgrid functionality that sends new users emails when they sign up. As a consequence, when I try to test the signup page, it tries to send my exampleexample.net email a message, and I get the following errorp  precodeNetSMTPFatalError 550 Cannot receive from specified address ltmy apps emailgt Unauthenticated senders not allowed codepre  pIm unclear, though, whether this is a problem with how Im doing testing something Im leaving out  Im newish, or a deeper problem. Since I switched to Sendgrid from GMail, Ive run into errors with the emails that my app should send when I use it on server, though not online. I chalked that up to Sendgrid being a specifically webappbased email service, but now Im guessing Im doing something wrong in my config files. The way I set up my configs is thisp  pinitializersmail.rbp  precode SendGrid Settings ActionMailerBase.smtpsettings     address        gt smtp.sendgrid.net,   port           gt 587,   authentication gt plain,   username      gt ENV[SENDGRIDUSERNAME],   password       gt ENV[SENDGRIDPASSWORD],   domain         gt heroku.com  ActionMailerBase.deliverymethod  smtp codepre  pNothing in my environment.rb file. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8782274sendgridemailsendingissuesinrubyonrailshostedonherokuThisa question suggests that maybe I should switch those settings into the environment.rb file, but and clearly, I dont understand the config files too well, Im wondering if I should have separate settings for development.rb, test.rb, etc. Also, I tried that switch, and it didnt change the error. And also if theres a workaround for capybararspec to get the email request ignored during testing or somehow deal with its being a fake email address and test the emailing without trying to send one.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6676764disablingbadfunctioncastwarningDisabling bad function cast warninga  p blockquote    pI am attempting to wrap my brain around c function pointers.  To keep my learning experience basic, I created a test function pointer example.  Eventually, I would like to pass allready instantiated objects by reference so I can callback the objects method however, for the sake of learning and understand, I would like to stick to the basics of c function pointers.  I created a working example just using a .cpp file, but the part that I am not succeeding at is using function pointers in .cpp and .h.  What am I not doing correctly to get my learning example to work successfully when using .cpp and .h filesp  pI created two files, exeCallback.h and exeCallback.cpp.p  p.h filep  precode File exeCallback.h  Header file for exeCommand Library.   ifndef EXECALLBACKH define EXECALLBACKH  include mbed.h  include ltmapgt  class exeCallback  public     exeCallback      void myintfuncint x      void fooint private   endif codepre  p.cpp filep  precode File exeCallback.cpp  Execute functions in other Sensor librariesclasses  Constructor   include mbed.h include ConfigFile.h include msExtensions.h include cfExtensions.h include exeCallback.h  exeCallbackexeCallback       foo  ampexeCallbackmyintfunc       call myintfunc note that you do not need to write foo2       foo 2     void exeCallbackmyintfuncint x      printf dn, x   codepre
Negative 63 pI am getting the following output for the codenm ucode for a ICU library. Does it mean this library is corrupted While using this library some of our code take 20 mins to complete the execution. Im suspecting it is because of this library is corrupted but Im not sure about it.p  precodenm u libicuuc.so.36  Undefined symbols from libicuuc.so.36      .div     .mul     .rem     .stret4     .udiv     .umul     .urem     1c2k6Fpvv     1cGCrunKpureerror6Fv     1cGCrunKvectorcon6FpvIIpF1vp2v     1cGCrunKvectordel6FpvIpF1v1     1cGCrunKvectordes6FpvIIpF1vv     1cGCrunKvectornew6FpvIIpF1vp21     1cGCrunMexrethrowq6Fv     1cGCrunVdoexitcodeinrange6Fpv1v     1cHCimplKcplusfini6Fv     1cHCimplKcplusinit6Fv     ctype     udiv64     urem64     exderegister     exregister     getexitframemonitor     atexit     atol     close     fmod     free     getenv     icudt36dat     log     malloc     mbstowcs     memcmp     memcpy     memmove     memset     mmap     modf     munmap     nllanginfo     open     pow     pthreadmutexdestroy     pthreadmutexinit     pthreadmutexlock     pthreadmutexunlock     realloc     setlocale     sprintf     stat     strcat     strchr     strcmp     strcpy     strlen     strncat     strncmp     strncpy     strrchr     strstr     strtod     strtol     strtoul     time     timezone     tzname     tzset     wcstombs codepre
Negative 63 pI am busy developing a Camel Component for Apollo using the HawtDispatch Apollo Client library for Scala. I am successful with sending and receiving of messages from queues and topics but I do not know how I can determine that the current producer StompProducer requires inOut or InOnly behaviour. For InOut I want to subscribe to a temporary queue to get the result if no explicit replyTo is provided.  Am I barking up the wrong tree Are there any examples I can look at Has somebody already done an Apollo Stomp Component I have tried using the ActiveMQ component to bind to the OpenWire protocol in Apollo 1.5  but that did not work well. The Sjms Camel component in Camel 2.11SNAPSHOT also did not work for me. The end goal is to have Apollo ConsumerProducers Actors for Akka. Any advice on alternatives for Camel Apollo integration or on getting my own attempt at a Component working, will be much appreciated.  Regards Ianp
Negative 63 pAm setting one codeCookiecode. Below is the code,p  precodevar myCookieMyCookie document.cookie  myCookieescapemyValue expirespath codepre  pThis code is in my xhtml page. I could see this codeCookiecode in Chrome and FF Browsers. But not in IE IE7, 8, amp 9p  pAm basically trying to write a Rewrite rule in Apache web server using this codeCookiecode. But, since this codeCookiecode is not getting detected in IE, Rewrite is not happening. Whereas, its happening in Chrome and FF.p  pBelow is the Rewrite rule.p  precodeRewriteEngine On RewriteCond HTTPCookie  MyCookie[azAZ09] RewriteCond REQUESTURI webportallogin RewriteRule . httpSERVERNAMEwebportalhome [R302] codepre  pWhy is codeCookiecode set with codedocument.cookiecode is not getting detected in IEp
Negative 63 pI am a beginner in winapi c on windows platform, i need to execute 3 exe files,i.e the installation programs, in one single program. i used shellexecute, exec v, system calls but all are exiting the program after the first program installation, please help me to solve this...p  ppart of the code I usedp  precodeShellExecute hwndDlg, open, calc.exe, NULL, NULL, SWSHOWNORMAL   status  execv.InstallationFilesdotnetfx 35 SP1 Full.exe,childargs codepre  pThanking you in advance p
Negative 63 pI have a query like thisp  precodeselect  from aaa where id lt 10 and name  test codepre  pFrom this query I want to find out the number of conditions after codewherecode 2 in this case.p  pAlso I want to find out how many times codeltcode and codecode were repeated.p
Negative 63 pIve a script which start an amazon RDS from a previous snapshot. Now ive to implement this functionality with the Java API.p  pThe script I run is p  precoderdsrestoredbinstancefromdbsnapshot RDSDEV dbsnapshotidentifier SNAP dbsubnetgroupname SUBNETGROUP region REGION echo sleep TIME codepre  pSo, after that i sleep a certain time then assign the right security group and parameter groupp  precoderdsmodifydbinstance RDSDEV dbsecuritygroups SECGROUP dbparametergroupname PARAMGROUP applyimmediately region REGION codepre  pthen i reboot the instance. p  pIn  my API implementation, ive crated this method to restore an RDS from a snapshotp  precode    public void restoreDBSnapshotString rdsDev, String snapshotId,         String subnetGroup, String availabilityZone          RestoreDBInstanceFromDBSnapshotRequest restoreDBInstanceRequest  new RestoreDBInstanceFromDBSnapshotRequest          restoreDBInstanceRequest.setDBSnapshotIdentifiersnapshotId          restoreDBInstanceRequest.setDBNamerdsDev          restoreDBInstanceRequest.setDBSubnetGroupNamesubnetGroup          restoreDBInstanceRequest.setAvailabilityZoneavailabilityZone          LOG.infoRestoring RDS from backup snapshot          this.rds.restoreDBInstanceFromDBSnapshotrestoreDBInstanceRequest  codepre  pbut i dont want to sleep my application waiting for the RDS startup and then modify the securityGroup and the parameterGroupName with a p  blockquote   pModifyDBInstanceRequestp blockquote  pIs there a solution to do it in creation phasep
Negative 63 pOr can we do that Its doesnt look good too when you sayp  precodebook  Rdispensebooks codepre  pand just handle the naming with an RedBeanIModelFormatter or am I missing something Thanks.p
Negative 63 pThis is my codep  precodeinclude ltWindows.hgt include ltShlObj.hgt include ltiostreamgt  using namespace std  int main      LPTSTR myPath  NULL      SHGetSpecialFolderPath0, myPath, CSIDLCOMMONDESKTOPDIRECTORY, FALSE      ifmyPath  NULL         cout ltlt It returns something ltlt endl     else         cout ltlt It returns nothing ltlt endl     systemPAUSE     return 0  codepre  pBut myPath returns nothing. I just want to obtain the Desktop path. Im on Windows 7 64 bits.p
Negative 63 pI created a schedule task in XP for running a program everyday. It works great. But it needs a username and password for log in. How I can give this log in details automatically after the log in window prompt for userid and password. p
Negative 63 pI working on a Android application using Eclipse w Android Developer Tools  Build v21.0.0531062   p  pI am trying to send a soap message with and XML structure like suchp  precodeltvEnvelope xmlnsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnschttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapencoding xmlnsvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt ltvHeadergt ltvBodygt     ltn0GetContent ido0 croot1 xmlnsn0http11Giraffes.comgt         ltSerialNum itypedstringgtaac3691eltSerialNumgt         ltID itypedstringgt7fc2cf3f8445ca8e3383ea870f3ae2celtIDgt                     ltSysInfogt                           ltIIP itypedstringgt127.0.0.1ltIIPgt                           ltCPU itypedstringgt15ltCPUgt                     ltSysInfogt     ltn0GetContentgt ltvBodygt codepre  pp  pBut I can not get the data that should be under SysInfo to nest. It all goes into the GetContent namespace.  I have tried to use the various ksoap2 jar files to get SoapObject.adddSoapObject but none of them pull up that method as defined.p  pWhat I actually getp  precodeltvEnvelope xmlnsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema xmlnschttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapencoding xmlnsvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelopegt ltvHeadergt ltvBodygt     ltn0GetContent ido0 croot1 xmlnsn0http11Giraffes.comgt         ltSerialNum itypedstringgtaac3691eltSerialNumgt         ltID itypedstringgt7fc2cf3f8445ca8e3383ea870f3ae2celtIDgt         ltIIP itypedstringgt127.0.0.1ltIIPgt         ltCPU itypedstringgt15ltCPUgt     ltn0GetContentgt ltvBodygt codepre  pp  pJars Triedp  ul liksoap2android2.5.2.jarli liksoap2android2.5.5.jarli liksoap2android2.6.5.jarli liksoap2androidassembly2.5.5jarwithdependencies.jarli liksoap2androidassembly2.6.4jarwithdependencies.jarli ul  pThe documentation states that any jar past 2.5.5 would contain the method addSoapObject but it does not.p  pa hrefhttpcode.google.compksoap2androidwikiCodingTipsAndTricks relnofollowksoap documentation linka in the section Adding an array of complex objects to the requestp  pAny help in getting this correct would be appreciated.p
Negative 63 pHow do I echo an object attributep  pIs it possible to echo codevalueembedcode of the codevideodatacode object belowp  pMy goal is to make a description meta tag for a hrefhttpperfecthealthmap.comvideolibrary1 relnofollowhttpperfecthealthmap.comvideolibrary1a that populates with this information for the selected video.p  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeltmeta namedescription contentltphp echovideodatagtembedgt gt codepre  pDoesnt work.p  pBelow is the information I am trying to echo into the description tag.  Please help.p  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodevideodata . embed videodata . ltbrgtlttable width100 border0 cellpadding2 cellspacing2gtlttrgtlttd width50gtURLlttdgtlttdgtltinput typetext stylefontfamily verdana fontsize 8pt border 1px solid EAEAEA width 300px height 20px onclickselect valuehttp.SERVER[SERVERNAME] . SERVER[REQUESTURI] . gtlttdgtlttdgtlttrgtlttrgtlttd width50gtEmbedlttdgtlttdgtltinput typetext stylefontfamily verdana fontsize 8pt border 1px solid EAEAEA width 300px height 20px onclickselect valueembedgtlttdgtlttdgtlttrgtlttablegt codepre
Negative 63 pBecause Im using a shared Microsoft SQL Server instance, I have started to use MongoDB as its faster to have around 10 inserts per second.p  pAt the end of the day, I need to read from the MongoDB a hrefhttpswww.mongohq.comhome relnofollowMongoHQa and insert all data into the shared  SQL Server instance hosting provider.p  pCurrently Im doing this flowp  ol liGet 1000 rows from MongoDBli liopen a connection to SQL Serverli liFor each row ol liinsert the data into SQL Server using a stored procedure as calculations need to be doneli liupdate MongoDb row  so we dont pick up the processed row laterli olli liclose the connection to SQL Serverli licodeGO TO 1codeli ol  pAnd with this, Im wasting around strong3 seconds per rowstrong...p  pIs there a way to strongspeed things upstrongp  pCurrently using C to perform all the code.p
Negative 63 pI have a button that toggles my footer.  The current code starts off with the footer closed. My question is how do I make it so that the default state is opened Ive tried several configuration, but not sure what is correct.  When I check the cookies on the browser, the default state is hidden.p  precode Toggle Button  document.readyfunction  var button  .toggle  check the cookie when the page loads if .cookiecurrentToggle visible      togglePanelbutton, false      else       togglePanelbutton, true    handle the clicking of the showhide toggle button button.clickfunction      toggle the panel as required, base on current state     if button.text            togglePanelthis, true          else          togglePanelthis, false           function togglePanelbutton, show   var panel  footer  if show      panel.slideUpslow     button.text     .cookiecurrentToggle, hidden,  path     else      panel.slideDownslow     button.text     .cookiecurrentToggle, visible,  path      codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to include a custom font into css using the dataurischeme. CQ5 Im using version 5.5 is adding the path from the clientlib directory to the location where the css file with the dataurischeme font data is located.p  pSo instead of just ignoring the css propertyp  precodefontface    fontfamily CustomFont   src urldataapplicationxfontwoff...   ...  codepre  pCQ5 does the followingp  precodefontface    fontfamily CustomFont   src urldesktopcssdataapplicationxfontwoff...   ...  codepre  pIs this a bug in CQ5.5 or can I adddo something to strongprevent the addition of desktopcssstrongp  pThe result is, Im getting 404 HTTP status because the font is not found.p  pstrong[UPDATE]strongp  pThe css file is included in the codebase.jspcode in the html codeltheadgtcode section.p  precodeltlink relstylesheet      hrefetcdesignsmyprojectclientlibdesktop.css typetextcss gt codepre  pLocation of codebase.jspcode p  precodeappsmyprojectpagesbasebase.jsp codepre  pLocation of codecss.txtcode p  precodeetcdesignsmyprojectclientlibdesktopcss.txt codepre
Negative 63 pWhy when I use method coderespondsToSelectorcode or codeinstancesRespondToSelectorcode at line 43 I cannot bypass STAssertTruep  pMy test case code p  precode voidtestApiClass      Check object     NSString classKey  Api     id obj  NSClassFromStringclassKey     STAssertNotNilobj, [NSString stringWithFormatModel  not found., classKey]     Check properties     NSArray properties      [         performSyncRequestWithUri,         performAsyncRequestWithUri,     ]     for NSString property in properties          SEL propertySel  NSSelectorFromStringproperty         BOOL isRespondsToSel  [obj respondsToSelectorpropertySel]         STAssertTrueisRespondsToSel, [NSString stringWithFormatProperty  not found on object of class name , property, [obj class]]             interface Api  NSObject   NSDictionaryperformSyncRequestWithUriNSString requestUri paramsNSDictionary params  voidperformAsyncRequestWithUriNSString requestUri paramsNSDictionary params completionHandlervoid NSDictionary , NSError completionBlock  end codepre
Negative 63 pI have a bunch of data stored in a single column in a MySQL table.  I have access to the 5 year old perl code which stored it there amp can see that it is all hashes which were frozen with codeStorablenfreezecode before being stored.  The MySQL column is codeTEXTcode and the table is set to codelatin1code encoding.  Im now trying to retrieve this data back out for a oneoff export.  I know the app was originally running on perl 5.8.x, so Im attempting this with perl5.8.8.  Unfortunately, I dont know what version of Storable was used.p  pI first attempted using the most recent Storable, 2.39.  That gives mep  precodeStorable binary image v32.32 more recent than I am v2.9 at perlbrewperlsperl5.8.8lib5.8.8darwin2levelStorable.pm line 417 codepre  pWith Storable2.14 I getp  precodeStorable binary image v32.32 more recent than I am v2.7 at bliblibStorable.pm autosplit into bliblibautoStorablethaw.al line 363 codepre  pWith Storable2.13 I getp  precodeStorable binary image v2.7 more recent than I am v2.6 at bliblibStorable.pm   autosplit into bliblibautoStorablethaw.al line 363 codepre  pThe unreasonably high binary image numbers in  2.14 make me think theres some change with how the numbers are being parsed.  I believe this code was probably running on a 32bit OS, and now Im trying this on a 64bit machine, could that be relavant  Next up is Im going to attempt running a diff between 2.13 amp 2.14 to see if I can figure out whats causing the change.p  pAny guidance anyone can givep  pThank youp
Negative 63 pI am working on Map View project but when my app loads up i get this alert on the very first screen Project Name Would Like to Use Your Current LocationAlert Message Dont Allowbutton OKbuttonLocation Alert Box before the Map View it shows me alert on the first view i want when i switch to Map View then only the alert should come up so that at that time user can click OK and App will be able to use the location of user, i have searched alot but did not found some good ways to do it, i know it can be done because i have seen one or two app doing that thing but i am not able to do this feature in my app ... plz help me out in this...p  pI just want that the alert of location search should only show up when i reach on map view screen of my application not before that .. any suggestions  coding will be much appreciated.p
Negative 63 pHow do I retrieve the FacesContext within a Filterp  pI followed following article on how to retrieve the codeFacesContextcode in a codeFiltercodep  pa hrefhttpocpsoft.orgjavajsfjavajsf20extensiondevelopmentaccessingfacescontextinafilterhttpocpsoft.orgjavajsfjavajsf20extensiondevelopmentaccessingfacescontextinafilterap  pBut the problem is that it is not working with Flash scope. Following NPE is thrownp  precodejava.lang.NullPointerException at com.sun.faces.context.flash.ELFlash.loggingGetPhaseMapForWritingELFlash.java751 at com.sun.faces.context.flash.ELFlash.getPhaseMapForWritingELFlash.java785 at com.sun.faces.context.flash.ELFlash.putELFlash.java392 at com.sun.faces.context.flash.ELFlash.putELFlash.java112 codepre  pI want to add redirection in my filter and use flash scope to save some data and also Messages, which is not working.p
Negative 63 pI found the following question and answer on the oracle websitep  pstrongWhat is the following class converted to after type erasurestrongp  precodepublic class PairltK, Vgt       public PairK key, V value          this.key  key         this.value  value           public K getKey  return key      public V getValue  return value       public void setKeyK key      this.key  key      public void setValueV value  this.value  value       private K key     private V value  codepre  pstrongAnswerstrongp  precodepublic class Pair       public PairObject key, Object value          this.key  key         this.value  value           public Object getKey    return key      public Object getValue  return value       public void setKeyObject key      this.key  key      public void setValueObject value  this.value  value       private Object key     private Object value  codepre  pBut when i decompile the class file using JDGUI, i still see all the generic types similar what i have in the actual source code.p  pDoes this mean that the generic types are retained in the class file im using Java 6.p  pThe decompiler version of the class using JDGUI is as follows. Im using Eclipse Helios to compile the class.p  precodepublic class PairltK, Vgt    private K key   private V value    public PairK key, V value        this.key  key     this.value  value      public K getKey      return this.key     public V getValue  return this.value     public void setKeyK key      this.key  key     public void setValueV value  this.value  value     codepre
Negative 63 pIs there a way using Windows Batch to read a txt file list of file names. And if the name is present in the list to preserve that file but. If the file name is not found in the txt list that it is deleted.p  pI namely trying to filter out a horde of temporary files automatically generated by not cleaned out by AutoCAD.p  pThe reason for reading a txt list would allow me to add or delete file names for processing.p
Negative 63 pCurrently I have an app that is setup in two sections, the activity portion adds tasks and task completion times to a database and then I have a service that runs in the background polling the database and handling the task when the task completion time is reached.p  pCurrently my service is using a private inner class that extends thread and I am making use of thread.sleep to rerun the task handling methods.  This inner class is called from the onStartCommand in the service class. the thread.sleep is set to either 15 minutes or if the task will need to be handled before that it will sleep until the time this task needs to be handled.  At this point everything is working correctly however I have a few issues that I am running into.p  ol lipThe service needs to run at specific times that are always changing depending on when the task needs to be completed even when the phone goes to sleep.pli lipI need to make sure that there is as little impact on battery as possible.pli ol  pNow through research I found that with the use of alarm manager I can start this service only when I need to, which is great, however because I would be constantly changing the time intervals based on when certain tasks had to be handled Im not sure this would be the right course of action.p  pIve also read about wakelocks which I really dont want to have to use unless I absolutely need to.p  pI am more or less looking for advice on how I should structure the service in my app and how it handles these tasks.p
Negative 63 pThe object is not returned in the ajax method and no exception is thrown.. The code in the controller methodp  pI am returning a EmployeeBean object from this method as codeResponsebodycodep  precodeRequestMappingvalueanki public ResponseBody EmployeeBean hhhRequestParamnameString name     System.out.printlnnew method     EmployeeBean enew EmployeeBean     e.setId1001     e.setNameankita     return e  codepre  pThe Bean class EmployeeBeanp  precodepackage com.controller  public class EmployeeBean       private String id     private String name     public String getId              return id          public void setIdString id          this.id  id          public String getName          return name          public void setNameString name          this.name  name       codepre  pIn the ajax method response is not coming successfully, the URL is correctly matching in the controller.       p  pThe javascript codep  precodefunction abc     alerthere     .ajax         urlanki,         dataname  me,            successfunctiondata             alerthere gain             time.htmldata.name                 ltinput typebutton namesubmit titlesubmit onclickabcgt ltdiv idtimegtltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pAs part of my code, I want to write a python method which when called, creates an executable file. Another script that I can execute with pythons interpreter is also fine.p  pThis final script is almost fixed, except for a few input objects that only my method knows about, and which are necessary for the final executable to work a dictionary for example. How can I link these objects to the final executablep
Negative 63 pIs there any difference between the below code snippets. If so, whatp  pcodemyList.AsParallel.ForAlli gt  DO SOMETHING codep  pandp  pcodeParallel.ForEachmylist, i gt  DO SOMETHING codep  pWill the main thread wait for all the child threads to complete In a MVC application, if Im doing parallel processing in my controller action, what happens to the child threads after the main thread completes. Will they be aborted or will they be completed even after the main thread is completedp
Negative 63 pIve gone through a few different questions like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions893218rewriteforallurlsRewrite for all URLsap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions884377canmodrewriteconvertanynumberofparameterswithanynamesCan modrewrite convert any number of parameters with any namesap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5845609creatingdynamicurlsinhtaccessCreating dynamic URLs in htaccessap  pWhich helped me change one set of urls from domain.comscript2.phpd1 to domain.comd, but now Im stuck with something that I cant find an answer for. Currently, I have a set of URLs that are set up as domain.comscript.phpa1p  pWhile I know how to change those URLs to domain.coma this doesnt quite help me with this one because variable A is just a numerical identifier, so going from domain.comscript.phpproducts1 to domain.com1 doesnt do me a lot of good.p  pInstead, its variable B which is actually the descriptor, ProductName. So what Im trying to do is have it so that rather than domain.coma, I can get domain.comb. There is a complication. The reason that the original set up used variable A is that multiple products use the same descriptor in variable B, so I also need to include variable C which differentiates them, so I need the URL to be domain.combc.p  pBonus Remember how I said I had another script that Id changed from domain.comscript2.phpd1 to domain.comd Well, itd be super awesome if I could set up my this current script to display not as domain.combc but instead as domain.comdbc because domaind is actually the search page for this other script, so its a really logical flow and would really simplify browsing, and would let users intuitively move between the search and the products without much work.p  pI have no idea if this is even possible, but any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 63 pThis might sound a bit silly, but I want to create an strongEclipse project for liferayportalsrc6.1.1cega2strong. But I have no idea what type of project should I choose this to be under Eclipse. I actually want to make some changes in ThemeDisplay.java which is under portalservice path  Cliferayportalsrc6.1.1cega2portalservice folder and recreate the portalservice jar. How am I supposed to achieve itp
Negative 63 pI am developing an App for iOS .p  pThe class design is belowp  pMy intention is to let the developer who uses the CustomView to set the style for all the labels, but not the text. The text for the labels will be set based on the values set to , entity1, entity2, entity3.p  pSince I have exposed label1,..label3 through accessors as properties, I am planning to intercept any messages sent to set the text of any of the labels and override it to do nothing. Is this a right designp  precodeinterface CustomViewUIVIew    property nonatomic UILabel label1 property nonatomic UILabel label2 property nonatomic UILabel label3  property nonatomic CustomEntity entity1 property nonatomic CustomEntity entity2 property nonatomic CustomEntity entity3  end  interface CustomEntityNSObject property nonatomic NSString dsiplayName property nonatomic,assign NSInteger totalItems end codepre
Negative 63 pI am writing a custom shipping rates module, and I cant seem to figure out how to get the estimate shipping zipcode I know how to get the zipcode once the order has been created, but not for the estimate shipping portion of the checkout processp  pAny input is greatly appreciatedp  pJeffp
Negative 63 pIm trying to find all quarters between 2 given dates. p  pFor example if the current date is today15 Jan 2013 and a date in the past is 01 Jan 2012, I should be getting the following result Dec 2012 Sep 2012 June 2012 March 2012p  pI can kind of keep deducting 3 months from the current date, but that is not going to be accurate as the test below denotesp  precode  [TestMethod]         public void FindAllQuatersFromAGivenDateTillAPastDate                      var dateFinder  new FindQuarter             Between Feb 2013 amp Jan 2012             var dates  dateFinder.GetAllQuartersnew DateTime2013, 02, 01, new DateTime2012, 01, 01.ToList              Assert.IsTruedates.Count  4             Assert.IsTruedates.First.Month  12             Assert.IsTruedates.First.Year  2012              Assert.IsTruedates.Skip1.First.Month  9             Assert.IsTruedates.Skip1.First.Year  2012              Assert.IsTruedates.Skip2.First.Month  6             Assert.IsTruedates.Skip2.First.Year  2012              Assert.IsTruedates.Skip3.First.Month  3             Assert.IsTruedates.Skip3.First.Year  2012                    public class FindQuarter              public IEnumerableltDateTimegt GetAllQuartersDateTime current, DateTime past                      while current gt past                              current  current.AddMonths3                 yield return current                            codepre  pHow can I achieve this The quarters are defined as March,June,September amp December. I would also need the last date of that monthwhich I hope would be quick.p  pEDIT This is not working because it keeps deducting 3 months from a given date, for example if the current date is feb 2013 and I reduce 3 months,I get Nov 2012 and not December 2012.p  ul lipAny dates in Jan,Feb,March will belong to first quarter i.e Marchpli lipAny dates in April,May,June will belong to second quarter i.e Junepli lipAny dates in July,Aug,Sep will belong to third quarter i.e Septemberpli lipAny dates in Oct,Nov,Dec will belong to fourth quarter i.e Decemberpli ul
Negative 63 pIm not understanding why my regex pattern doesnt seem to work.  Here is an examplep  precodeString token  23030G40KT  Pattern p  Pattern                 .compiled3VRBd2,3Gd2,3KTMPSKMH Matcher m  p.matchertoken  whilem.find     System.out.printlnm.group  codepre  pThat prints outp  precode230 30 G40 codepre  pWith two following blank lines that arent showing herep  pId like to printp  precode230 30 G40 KT codepre  pwith no blank lines.  What do I need to changep
Negative 63 pThanks for the helpful suggestions on my previous query. I eventually got the glassfish working in netbeans.p  pHere is the next issue that I have encountered. I would like to multiply 2 numbers on a html page, pass the result back to the same page that I was on. I know if I did this with javascript there would be no problem.p  phere is the  html codep  precode    lthtmlgt         ltbodygt             lth1gtMultiplyinglth1gt             ltform namemultiplier action webresourcesmultipliergetMathsMultiplier method  getgt                 Value 1  ltinput typetext namevalue1gt                 Value 2  ltinput typetext namevalue2gt                 ltinput typesubmit valueMultiplygt                 Result  ltinput typetext name result             ltformgt         ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre  pand for the JAXRS codep  precode    Pathmultiplier     public class MathsSum               GET         PathgetMathsMultiplier         Consumestexthtml         Producestexthtml          public QueryParamresult String getMathsMultiplierQueryParamvalue1 String val1, QueryParamvalue2 String val2                      int temp1             int temp2             int total             String strTotal              if isNumberval1 ampamp isNumberval2                              temp1  getIntval1                 temp2  getIntval2                 total  temp1  temp2                 strTotal  conStringtotal                                      else                              strTotal  null                           return strTotal                   public boolean isNumberString string                      try                               int tempNum  Integer.parseIntstring                 return true                          catchException e                              return false                                public int getIntString string                      return Integer.parseIntstring                   public String conStringint intVal                      return Integer.toStringintVal               codepre  pI would appreciate any help and advice Keithp
Negative 63 pI have a receiver that is called whenever an SMS is receivedp  precodepublic class SMSReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver       private SharedPreferences prefs     private String prefName  MyPref     private static final String NUMBERKEY  number      Override     public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent           get the SMS message passed in         Bundle bundle  intent.getExtras         SmsMessage[] msgs  null         String str           String Sender  null         if bundle  null               retrieve the SMS message received             Object[] pdus  Object[] bundle.getpdus             msgs  new SmsMessage[pdus.length]             for int i  0 i lt msgs.length i                  msgs[i]  SmsMessage.createFromPdubyte[] pdus[i]                 Sender  msgs[i].getOriginatingAddress                          prefs  context                     .getSharedPreferencesprefName, Context.MODEPRIVATE             String phoneNumber  String prefs.getStringNUMBERKEY,               If the sender of the SMS just received is the same as one chosen              earlier             if Sender.equalsphoneNumber                  Toast.makeTextcontext, text message received,                         Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                  Launch the minderActivity even when the app is not in the                  foreground                 Intent minderActivityIntent  new Intentcontext, Minder.class                 minderActivityIntent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK                 context.startActivityminderActivityIntent                  send a broadcast intent to update the SMS received in the                  activity                 Intent broadcastIntent  new Intent                 broadcastIntent.setActionSMSRECEIVEDACTION                 broadcastIntent.putExtraSender, Sender                 context.sendBroadcastbroadcastIntent                             codepre  pI register the receiver in an activity called minder using a buttonp  precoderegisterReceiverintentReceiver, intentFilter codepre  pIn this minder activity I also have a codeBroadcastReceivercodep  precodeprivate BroadcastReceiver intentReceiver  new BroadcastReceiver       Override     public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent           gather up all the necessary user input         prefs  getSharedPreferencesprefName, MODEPRIVATE         final Button btn2  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnContacts         String phoneNumber  String prefs.getStringNUMBERKEY,          String messageChosen  String prefs.getStringMESSAGEKEY,          String delay  String prefs.getStringDELAYKEY,          String Sender  String intent.getExtras.getStringSender         if Sender.equalsphoneNumber              sendSMSphoneNumber, messageChosen, delay                codepre  pAll of the codepermissionscode are defined in the codemanifestcode.p  pUnfortunately when I test the receiver i.e. send an sms to the phone, after the receiver has been registered, from the number that is defined as phoneNumber the app performs no action. Any ideas what is missing from my above codep
Negative 63 pI am trying to implement lazy load on a listview in a tab fragment to load the elements of an array abc. I am trying to load 10 elements, then when the user scrolls down, next 10 elements will be loaded. But My app is not working as I am not able to jump to the UI thread in order to update itrunonUithreadreturnRes not working. COuld you [please take a look at the below code and suggest the right way to implement lazy load. Thank you.p  pFragment Classp  precodepackage com.example.abe  import java.util.ArrayList import android.annotation.TargetApi import android.app.Activity import android.content.Context import android.os.Build import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.ListFragment import android.util.Log import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.AbsListView import android.widget.AbsListView.OnScrollListener import android.widget.ArrayAdapter import android.widget.ListView  TargetApiBuild.VERSIONCODES.HONEYCOMB public class Tab1Fragment extends ListFragment      ListView lv     Activity act  this.getActivity     Context ct  this.getActivity     XMLGettersSetters data     boolean loadingMore  false     String abc[]  new String[50]     static int count  0     int itemsPerPage  10     ArrayListltStringgt myListItems     ArrayListltStringgt myListItems2     ArrayAdapterltStringgt adapter     static int size  0      SuppressWarningsunused     Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState          if container  null              return null                  myListItems2  new ArrayListltStringgt         adapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtgetActivity.getBaseContext,                 android.R.layout.simplelistitem1, myListItems2         View root  inflater.inflateR.layout.tabfrag1layout, container,                 false         lv  ListView root.findViewByIdandroid.R.id.list         lv.setAdapteradapter         return root           Override     public void onViewCreatedView view, Bundle savedInstanceState          super.onViewCreatedview, savedInstanceState         myListItems  new ArrayListltStringgt         View footerView  LayoutInflater this.getActivity                 .getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE.inflate                 R.layout.listfooter, null, false         this.getListView.addFooterViewfooterView         this.setListAdapteradapter         for int i  0 i lt 50 i              abc[i]  ab  i                  this.getListView.setOnScrollListenernew OnScrollListener              Override             public void onScrollStateChangedAbsListView view, int scrollState                            Override             public void onScrollAbsListView view, int firstVisibleItem,                     int visibleItemCount, int totalItemCount                  System.out.printlnabc.length                 System.out.printlncount                 int lastInScreen  firstVisibleItem  visibleItemCount                 System.out.printlnlastInScreen                 if lastInScreen  totalItemCount ampamp loadingMore                      try                          Thread thread  new Threadnull, loadMoreListItems                         thread.start                      catch Exception e                          e.printStackTrace                                                                     try              Thread thread  new Threadnull, loadMoreListItems             thread.start          catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                    private Runnable loadMoreListItems  new Runnable          Override         public void run              loadingMore  true             myListItems  new ArrayListltStringgt             try                  Thread.sleep1000              catch InterruptedException e                           size  abc.length             for int i  0 i lt itemsPerPage i                  if count lt size                      myListItems.addabc[count].toString                     count  count  1                  else                      break                                           Log.ia, b             try                  act.runOnUiThreadreturnRes              catch Exception e                  e.printStackTrace                          Log.ia, b                   private Runnable returnRes  new Runnable          Override         public void run              if myListItems  null ampamp myListItems.size gt 0                  for int i  0 i lt myListItems.size i                     adapter.addmyListItems.geti                          lv.setAdapteradapter             Log.ia, b             adapter.notifyDataSetChanged             Log.ia, b             loadingMore  false                codepre  pLogcatp  precode0118 185921.606 ISystem.out971 50 0118 185921.606 ISystem.out971 0 0118 185921.606 ISystem.out971 0 0118 185921.926 ISystem.out971 50 0118 185921.926 ISystem.out971 0 0118 185921.926 ISystem.out971 1 0118 185922.257 ISystem.out971 50 0118 185922.257 ISystem.out971 0 0118 185922.257 ISystem.out971 1 0118 185922.676 Ia971 b 0118 185922.676 WSystem.err971 java.lang.NullPointerException 0118 185922.715 WSystem.err971  at com.example.abe.Tab1Fragment1.runTab1Fragment.java113 0118 185922.936 WSystem.err971  at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java1019 0118 185922.936 Ia971 b codepre  pFragmentActivity classp  precodepackage com.example.abe  import java.util.HashMap import android.content.Context import android.os.Bundle import android.support.v4.app.Fragment import android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity import android.support.v4.app.FragmentTransaction import android.view.View import android.widget.TabHost import android.widget.TabHost.TabContentFactory  public class TabsFragmentActivity extends FragmentActivity implements         TabHost.OnTabChangeListener       private TabHost mTabHost     private HashMapltString, TabInfogt mapTabInfo  new HashMapltString, TabsFragmentActivity.TabInfogt     private TabInfo mLastTab  null      private class TabInfo          private String tag         private Classltgt clss         private Bundle args         private Fragment fragment          TabInfoString tag, Classltgt clazz, Bundle args              this.tag  tag             this.clss  clazz             this.args  args                     class TabFactory implements TabContentFactory           private final Context mContext          public TabFactoryContext context              mContext  context                   public View createTabContentString tag              View v  new ViewmContext             v.setMinimumWidth0             v.setMinimumHeight0             return v                     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.tabslayout         initialiseTabHostsavedInstanceState         if savedInstanceState  null              mTabHost.setCurrentTabByTagsavedInstanceState.getStringtab  set                                                                                  the                                                                                  tab                                                                                  as                                                                                  per                                                                                  the                                                                                  saved                                                                                  state                    protected void onSaveInstanceStateBundle outState          outState.putStringtab, mTabHost.getCurrentTabTag  save the tab                                                                  selected         super.onSaveInstanceStateoutState           private void initialiseTabHostBundle args          mTabHost  TabHost findViewByIdandroid.R.id.tabhost         mTabHost.setup         TabInfo tabInfo  null         TabsFragmentActivity.addTabthis, this.mTabHost, this.mTabHost                 .newTabSpecTab1.setIndicatorST, tabInfo  new TabInfo                 Tab1, Tab1Fragment.class, args         this.mapTabInfo.puttabInfo.tag, tabInfo         TabsFragmentActivity.addTabthis, this.mTabHost, this.mTabHost                 .newTabSpecTab2.setIndicatorCSI,                 tabInfo  new TabInfoTab2, Tab2Fragment.class, args         this.mapTabInfo.puttabInfo.tag, tabInfo         this.onTabChangedTab1         mTabHost.setOnTabChangedListenerthis           private static void addTabTabsFragmentActivity activity, TabHost tabHost,             TabHost.TabSpec tabSpec, TabInfo tabInfo          tabSpec.setContentactivity.new TabFactoryactivity         String tag  tabSpec.getTag         tabInfo.fragment  activity.getSupportFragmentManager                 .findFragmentByTagtag         if tabInfo.fragment  null ampamp tabInfo.fragment.isDetached              FragmentTransaction ft  activity.getSupportFragmentManager                     .beginTransaction             ft.detachtabInfo.fragment             ft.commit             activity.getSupportFragmentManager.executePendingTransactions                  tabHost.addTabtabSpec           public void onTabChangedString tag          TabInfo newTab  this.mapTabInfo.gettag         if mLastTab  newTab              FragmentTransaction ft  this.getSupportFragmentManager                     .beginTransaction             if mLastTab  null                  if mLastTab.fragment  null                      ft.detachmLastTab.fragment                                           if newTab  null                  if newTab.fragment  null                      newTab.fragment  Fragment.instantiatethis,                             newTab.clss.getName, newTab.args                     ft.addR.id.realtabcontent, newTab.fragment, newTab.tag                  else                      ft.attachnewTab.fragment                                           mLastTab  newTab             ft.commit             this.getSupportFragmentManager.executePendingTransactions                 codepre
Negative 63 pI am tracking the length of time an individual user is on my site. In order to achieve this I am logging the timestamp of when the user first loads the page and each time they click on a new page.p  pA brief summaryp  pDatabase table timeonsitep  precode  start  end  uniqueid  id   codepre  ol liINSERT timestamp in codestartcode when session is created just the once.li liUPDATE the timestamp in codeendcode each time the codeonbeforeunloadcode event is fired.li ol  pThis works fine for tracking the time theyre on the site while browing pages, but when they leave the site i.e., browser is closedexited, a problem is occuring and I dont know how to find it. Basically the codeendcode record just isnt getting updated with the timestamp. Its like the AJAX function is not getting called properly since the browser is closing. I have set codeasynccode to false in the AJAX call, but that does not help.p  pWhy is this function not working when the user closes the browser, but works all other times the codeonbeforeunloadcode event firesp  pstrongEditstrongp  pError was simply that there was no check for codeelse ifGET[when]  endcode.p  pHeres my codep  pindex.phpp  precode If the session DOES NOT EXIST, make it and set it to TRUE. ifissetSESSION[newvisit]      SESSION[newvisit]  true    If the session is TRUE, make it false. ifSESSION[newvisit]  true      thisgtdbgtstorevisit      SESSION[uniquesessionid]  hashsha512, uniqid, true . uniqid, true . uniqid, true      SESSION[newvisit]  false  codepre  pAt the bottom of index.phpp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt      ifwindow.addEventListener              window.addEventListenerload,         functionlogtimestart, false         window.addEventListenerbeforeunload, functionlogtimeend  , false           function logtimetime              var xmlhttp           var session  ltphp echo SESSION[uniquesessionid] gt           IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari.         if window.XMLHttpRequest                      xmlhttp  new XMLHttpRequest                   IE6, IE5.           else                      xmlhttp  new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP                   xmlhttp.openGET, applicationlogtime.phpsession  session  ampwhen  time, false         xmlhttp.send       ltscriptgt codepre  plogtime.phpp  p  precodesessionstart  require database.php  db  new Database  uniqueid  GET[session] SESSION[uniquesessionid] time       time  ifGET[when]  start      ifgetrows  dbgtmysqligtquerySELECT 1 FROM timeonsite WHERE uniqueid  uniqueid              rows  getrowsgtnumrows            If rows were afffected, the unique ID has already been stored so we must UPDATE. This happens each time a page is refreshed.     ifrows gt 1              dbgtmysqligtqueryUPDATE timeonsite SET end  time WHERE uniqueid  uniqueid            Else if the rows affected were 0, we must INSERT a new record. This happens once per session visit.     else              dbgtmysqligtqueryINSERT INTO timeonsitestart, uniqueid VALUEStime, uniqueid       codepre
Negative 63 pPlease help me customize actionBar to show Home button like this image. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comADMaH.png alticon homep
Negative 63 pIs there any method to set a DTO object that has ,an Array as instance variable, at once here is the DTO p  precodepublic class AbcDTO   String label Float[] time String[] startTime getters and setters    codepre  pThis is the bean class from where im trying to set this DTO p  precodeq  em.createNamedQuerynamedQuery         q.setParameter1, anaId         ListltObjectgt objects  new ArrayList         objects  q.getResultList codepre  pNow List of objects , objects , will contain a list where each element of the list has two fields , time and startTime , from the databse . How can I set the DTO object with the given list .p
Negative 63 pSince the Microsoft Solver Foundation has been deprecated, I am trying to find an alternative or a reasonable way to create my own DSL. p  pWhat I am looking for is essential a DSL to describe a LP in F, solve it with Clp and evaluate the results.p  pBefore I reinvent the wheel does someone know a good library that already provides a DSL for LPsp  pOtherwise, how would you build such a DSL in F Essentially, I would like to be able to write something likep  precodelet xs  createVars 100 in 0..1 let ys  [ 1 .. 100 ] let f i x  ix let lp       minimize sumprodxs, ys subjectTo [       xs.[0]  xs.[1]  1       sumxs lt 1       sumfor i in 1..100 gt f i xs.[i] lt 100        ...     ] let solver  Clp let result  solver.solve lp codepre
Negative 63 pI am using Access Control Service ACS. I configure my MVC4 application to use ACS. I put the return url to my controller, which is codehttp127.0.0.181ACSLogOncode and after logon with any identity provider we are successfully return to the controller. But now can anybody please tell me how i can access the issued token in the controller p
Negative 63 pI am currently creating a basic news aggregator app for Android, I have so far managed to create multiple HorizontalListViews derived from this a hrefhttpwww.devsmart.comarchives34 relnofollowhttpwww.devsmart.comarchives34ap  pI am parsing all data from live JSON objects and arrays. p  pThe process goes something like thisp  p1 Start app br  2 Grab a JSON file which lists all feeds to display br  3 Parse feed titles and article links, add each to an array br  4 Get number of feeds from array and create individual HorizontalListView for each. i.e. Irish Times. 5 Apply BaseAdapter mAdapter to each HorizontalListView during creation.p  pMy baseadapter is responsible for populating my HorizontalListViews by getting each title and thumbnail.p  pMy problem is however that all my feeds seem to contain the same articles and thumbnails. Now I am only new to Android so Im not 100 sure whats going wrong here. See screenshot below.p  pDo I need to create a new BaseAdaptor for each HorizontalListview or can I use the same one to populate all my listviews with unique data.p  pHeres some code to help explain what I meanp  pstrong1 OnCreate method to get JSON data, parse it, get number of feeds and create each HorizontalListViewstrongp  precodeOverride protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState      setContentViewR.layout.listviewdemo      JSON PARSE DATA      Creating JSON Parser instance     JSONParser jParser  new JSONParser       getting JSON string from URL     String json  jParser.getJSONFromUrlsourcesUrl      Parse feed titles and article list     getFeedsjson       Create Listviews     forint i  0 i lt feedTitle.size1 i         getArticleImagei         addHorzListViewi         articleArrayCountUsed to mark feed count for adaptor to know which array position to look at and retrieve data from.      Each array position i.e. [1] represents a HorizontalListview and its related articles             codepre  pstrong2 addHorzListView method, used to create HorizontalListView and apply adaptorstrongp  precodeMethod used to dynamically add HorizontalListViews public void addHorzListViewint count     LinearLayout mainLayout  LinearLayout findViewByIdR.id.mainlayout       View view  getLayoutInflater.inflateR.layout.listview, mainLayout,false      Set lists header name     TextView header  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.header     header.setTextfeedTitle.getcount      Create individual listview     HorizontalListView listview  HorizontalListView view.findViewByIdR.id.listviewReuse     listview.setAdaptermAdapter      add listview to array list     listviewList.addlistview        mainLayout.addViewview, count      codepre  pstrong3 Baseadaptor itselfstrongp  precodeprivate BaseAdapter mAdapter  new BaseAdapter       private OnClickListener mOnButtonClicked  new OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView v              AlertDialog.Builder builder  new AlertDialog.BuilderHorizontalListViewDemo.this             builder.setMessagehello from   v             builder.setPositiveButtonCool, null             builder.show                     Override     public int getCount          return noOfArticles.length           Override     public Object getItemint position          return null           Override     public long getItemIdint position          return 0       Each listview is populated with data here     Override     public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent          View retval  LayoutInflater.fromparent.getContext.inflateR.layout.viewitem, null         TextView title  TextView retval.findViewByIdR.id.title         title.setTextgetArticleTitleposition         new DownloadImageTaskImageView retval.findViewByIdR.id.ImageView01 .executegetArticleImageposition         Button button  Button retval.findViewByIdR.id.clickbutton         button.setOnClickListenermOnButtonClicked           return retval        codepre  pThe adapter mAdapter is currently displaying the articles from the last HorizontalListView that calls it.p  pCurrently I am using the same BaseAdaptor for each ListView as I figured it populated the listview as soon as its called but i looks as though a BaseAdaptor can only be called once, I really dont know. p  pI want to dynamically populate feeds though without having to create a new Adaptor manually for each HorizontalListView.p  pAny help would be much appreciated.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comu2z8m.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI have the following code p  precodeltigEditorsXamComboEditor ItemsSourceBinding Instances                                           Margin5,2,5,2 Width175 HorizontalAlignmentLeft                                           SelectedItemBinding SelectedInstance,ModeTwoWay,NotifyOnValidationErrorTrue,ValidatesOnDataErrorsTrue,ValidatesOnExceptionsTrue                                           gt                     ltigEditorsXamComboEditor.ComboBoxStylegt                         ltStyle TargetTypeComboBoxgt                             ltSetter PropertyItemTemplategt                                 ltSetter.Valuegt                                     ltDataTemplategt                                         ltTextBlockgt                                             ltTextBlock.Textgt                                                 ltMultiBinding StringFormat0 1gt                                                     ltBinding PathName gt                                                     ltBinding PathId gt                                                 ltMultiBindinggt                                             ltTextBlock.Textgt                                         ltTextBlockgt                                     ltDataTemplategt                                 ltSetter.Valuegt                             ltSettergt                         ltStylegt                                             ltigEditorsXamComboEditor.ComboBoxStylegt                 ltigEditorsXamComboEditorgt codepre  pWhen I set the SelectedInstance from my viewmodel, the combobox is displaying the type of the object.  If I then make a selection, it displays correctly, but I click out of the combobox, losing focus, it reverts back to the object type. If I set the DisplayMemberPath manually to just Name, it works correctly, but I really need it to be a concatenated value for the displaymemberpath.p  pCan anyone helpp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pSuppose I have a C11 application where two threads write to emdifferent but nearbyem memory locations, using simple pointers to primitive types. Can I be sure that both these writes will end up in memory eventually probably after both have reached a a hrefhttpwww.boost.orgdoclibs1520dochtmlthreadsynchronization.htmlthread.synchronization.barrierscodeboostbarriercodea, or is there a risk that both CPU cores hold their own cache line containing that data, and the second core flushing its modification to RAM will overwrite and undo the modification done by the first writep  pI hope that cache coherence will take care of this for me in all situations and on all setups compliant with the C11 memory model, but Id like to be sure.p
Negative 63 pI am facing some problem with fetching data from SQL.p  pWhen I use the below statement, it is working fine p  precodesql  SELECT Name, Des, Url, about, date FROM data where name  facebook  retval  mysqlquery sql, conn  codepre  pWhen I use the same using a parameter name, I am facing some problem, the code I used is p  precodename  GET[name] sql  SELECT Name, Des, Url, about, date FROM data where name  name  retval  mysqlquery sql, conn  codepre  pI also tried by concatenating name like codefacebookcodep  precodename1  .name .    but it is also not working . codepre
Negative 63 pSo, I have a Synology NAS in my apartment where I keep all my media. Recently I decided that I want to be able to access it when Im on the go in an easier fashion than the default options present. Rather, I wanted to just go to a website, and click a link and have the video start streaming to my phonelaptopmillennium falconwhatever.p  pSo, I set up what Synology calls the web station which is a web server that runs on the NAS. I added the media files I want to be able to stream to a subfolder, and created a simple index.php file that just lists all the files in the media folder and creates links for them. Then I used .htaccesss password protection scheme so that it wouldnt be available to the whole world.p  pOn my computer, this works wonders. I just strikeopen whatever browser I want to use,strike see last paragraphs, FF and Safari are nogos go to the site I set up, click a video, and it starts streaming. On my Galaxy Nexus, not so much. In Chrome for Android BETA, it opens a video view, and then nothing happens. The video just refuses to play. In the Browser app, if I select to play it in the Gallerys Video Player, it just tells me it Cant play this video..p  pTo demonstrate, I took down the original and made an almost identical copy for SO a hrefhttpsopasshome.limbero.comhttpsopasshome.limbero.comap  pHeadersp  precodeHTTP1.1 200 OK Date Tue, 05 Feb 2013 013356 GMT Server Apache2.2.22 Unix PHP5.3.15 XPoweredBy PHP5.3.15 Vary AcceptEncoding ContentType texthtml codepre  pAll thats on there is a link to a .mp4 video I took with my phone that plays just fine when on the phone.p  pThe video itself lives here a hrefhttpsopasshome.limbero.commediatest.mp4httpsopasshome.limbero.commediatest.mp4ap  pHeadersp  precodeHTTP1.1 200 OK Date Tue, 05 Feb 2013 013206 GMT Server Apache2.2.22 Unix PHP5.3.15 LastModified Tue, 05 Feb 2013 011219 GMT ETag 3d2a91ec694d4efe6a9c2c0 AcceptRanges bytes ContentLength 177335401 ContentType videomp4 codepre  pAnd now, probably just because I started writing this question, I can only get it to play in Chrome Version 24.0.1312.57 for OS X. But that is just this sample video. The other videos I had on there before I prepped it for StackOverflow played fine in Safari as well, but this one wont, perhaps thats a clue. Safari can still download the video, however. My phone isnt even able to do that. Firefox on OS X never did support H.264 so I never tested it there.p  pIve made sure that the mime type for .mp4 is videomp4 and the only other thing Ive found while googling is that AcceptRanges should be set to bytes, which it is.p  pSo, to summarize, I would love some help with figuring out why the website I set up wont work as it should. Feel free to call me a moron when you help me or ask for additional information.p
Negative 63 pin my Project i use entity framework with navigation,p  pI have 3 tables in the model p  precode1. Person 2. Family 3. Folder codepre  pin the Folder table i have navigation  familyId in the Family i have navigation  personId p  pin the code I wrote thisp  precodevar load  mh.Folder.IncludefamilyId codepre  pthen i know all family Columns now i want to know the PersonName from Person table  how can i include the person tablep  pthe Person table is not navigation to Folder p
Negative 63 pI am working with Maps and i have 2 thousand latitudes and longitudes of germany specific locations in CSV file. It take 34 mins to drop all the pins on map when clicked. p  pI want to that map should open quickly on gps values and show pins for that specific region. if user moves on map then it drops pins but not wait in this all process like we have now about 34 mins. p
Negative 63 pI hit the following errorp  precodeThe request failed with HTTP status 401 Unauthorized.  codepre  pstrongThe Codestrongp  pThe code is as followsp  precode    protected void ExecuteClickobject sender, EventArgs e                 Declare and initialize a variable for the Lists Web service.         WebReference.Lists myservice  new WebReference.Lists         ListsWebService.Lists myservice  new ListsWebService.Lists          Authenticate the current user by passing their default          credentials to the Web service from the system credential          cache.          myservice.Credentials             System.Net.CredentialCache.DefaultCredentials          Set the Url property of the service for the path to a subsite. Not setting this property will return the lists in the root Web site.         listService.Url  httpServerNameSubsiteNamevtibinLists.asmx         myservice.Url  httpteamsites.ntu.edu.sgscehrdevvtibinLists.asmx          try                      Declare an XmlNode object and initialize it with the XML              response from the GetListCollection method.              System.Xml.XmlNode node  myservice.GetListCollection              Loop through XML response and parse out the value of the             Title attribute for each list.              foreach System.Xml.XmlNode xmlnode in node                              Label1.Text  xmlnode.Attributes[Title].Value  n                               catch Exception excep                      Label1.Text  excep.Message                 codepre  pstrongIIS Settingsstrong  Only Windows Authentication is Enabled.p  pstrongWeb.Config filestrongp  precodeltconfigurationgt ltconfigSectionsgt     ltsectionGroup nameapplicationSettings typeSystem.Configuration.ApplicationSettingsGroup, System, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenbxxxxxxxx9 gt         ltsection nameReadSharePointList.Properties.Settings typeSystem.Configuration.ClientSettingsSection, System, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenbxxxxxxxx9 requirePermissionfalse gt     ltsectionGroupgt ltconfigSectionsgt ltsystem.webgt     ltcompilation debugtrue targetFramework4.0 gt     ltcustomErrors modeOffgt ltsystem.webgt  ltsystem.serviceModelgt     ltbindingsgt         ltbasicHttpBindinggt             ltbinding nameListsSoap closeTimeout000100 openTimeout000100                 receiveTimeout001000 sendTimeout000100 allowCookiesfalse                 bypassProxyOnLocalfalse hostNameComparisonModeStrongWildcard                 maxBufferSize65536 maxBufferPoolSize524288 maxReceivedMessageSize65536                 messageEncodingText textEncodingutf8 transferModeBuffered                 useDefaultWebProxytruegt                 ltreaderQuotas maxDepth32 maxStringContentLength8192 maxArrayLength16384                     maxBytesPerRead4096 maxNameTableCharCount16384 gt                 ltsecurity modeNonegt                     lttransport clientCredentialTypeNone proxyCredentialTypeNone                         realm gt                     ltmessage clientCredentialTypeUserName algorithmSuiteDefault gt                 ltsecuritygt             ltbindinggt         ltbasicHttpBindinggt     ltbindingsgt     ltclientgt         ltendpoint addresshttpmainsitesubsitevtibinlists.asmx             bindingbasicHttpBinding bindingConfigurationListsSoap             contractStaffRole.ListsSoap nameListsSoap gt     ltclientgt ltsystem.serviceModelgt ltapplicationSettingsgt     ltReadSharePointList.Properties.Settingsgt         ltsetting nameReadSharePointListListsWebServiceLists serializeAsStringgt             ltvaluegthttpmainsitesubsitevtibinlists.asmxltvaluegt         ltsettinggt     ltReadSharePointList.Properties.Settingsgt ltapplicationSettingsgt ltconfigurationgt codepre  pWhere could I be missingp
Negative 63 pIve written a simple app which does very little except navigate between pages, using the Sencha Touch 2 framework. The app is now ported across to iOS using the Cordova templates.p  pHowever, for some reason orientation changes dont seem to be working.p  pIm not looking to catch the event  just allow the default behaviour of rotating to fit the new view size.p  pIs there anything I should be looking for or any other information I need to providep  pThanks, Joep
Negative 63 pI have an AJAX call that returns this javascript codeltscript languagejavascript typetextjavascriptgt alertHello World ltscriptgt.code . I tried appending it to the body and head elements of the DOM in the callback function, but neither caused the script to execute. How can I make it runp
Negative 63 pIm using simple php dom parser to get a tables td contents which I am outputting as plaintext and comes out like thisp  precodeltpgt              Graphic Artist  Designerltbr gt               23,755 amp8211 55,335              ltbr gt              Sales Associateltbr gt               15,577 amp8211 56,290              ltbr gt              Film  Video Editorltbr gt               24,184 amp8211 94,493              ltpgt codepre  pWhat I would like to do is take the above, and turn it into thisp  precodelta hrefgraphicartistdesignergtGraphic Artist  Designerltagt     23,755  55,335 ltbr gt lta hrefsalesassociategtSales Associateltagtltbr gt     15,577  56,290 ltbr gt lta hreffilmvideoeditorgtFilm  Video Editorltagtltbr gt     24,184  94,493 ltbr gt codepre  pSo you can see im taking the job name, lowering casing all of it, and replacing spaces and slashes with a dash to use as the URL.p  pHow do I do thatp
Negative 63 pTo begin with I have three classes. One calledp  ol lipTemperature superclasspli lipWeather subclass superclasspli lipUseTemperature subclass that holds main methodpli ol  pFor this program the main method is only supposed to display the temperature in Celsius and wind speed. I do not know what the issue is though..p  pstrongMy issue is that setWindSpeedgetWindSpeed cannot be found within UseTemperature.strongp  precodeTEMPERATURE  public class Temperature      private double degrees       public void setDegrees double degrees              this.degrees  degrees            public double getDegrees               return degrees        WEATHER  public class Weather extends Temperature      private double windspeed  Number  kmh      private void setWindSpeed double windspeed setter              this.windspeed  windspeed            public double getWindSpeed   getter              return windspeed        USE TEMPERATURE  class UseTemperature  can be public but makes no diffrence      public static void main String args[]              Temperature temp          temp  new Temperature           temp.setDegrees 40.0               temp.setWindSpeed 70.0  NOT FOUND IN TEMPERATURE          System.out.print temp.getDegrees          System.out.print  degrees           System.out.println temp.getWindSpeed  NOT FOUND IN TEMPERATURE         System.out.println  kmh        codepre
Negative 63 pI want to know the offset of every line present in a text file.p  pFor now I have tried,p  precodepathFileSystems.getDefault.getPath.,filename brFiles.newBufferedReaderpathdoctitleindexpath, Charset.defaultCharset int offset0 offset of first line.        String strlinebr.readline offsetstrline.length1 offset of second line codepre  pIn this way I can loop through entire file to know offset of begining of lines in entire text file. But if I use codeRandomAccessFilecode to seek through file and access a line using offset calulated by above method then I found myself in the middle of some line. That is it seems that offset are not correct.p  pWhats wrong Is this method incorrect to calculate offset Any better and fast methods pleasep
Negative 63 pIn VB.NET, I can do thisp  precodeMyArray.SelectFunctiona                    Dim x as string                    x  a                    Return x                End Function codepre  pHow can I do this in cp
Negative 63 pId like to assign an accelerator key to a menu item that doesnt have an accelerator key while running in C and be able to change it.  Ive looked through the docs and MSDN and it isnt clear to me how this can be done.p
Negative 63 pI am working on a Safari Extension to obtain the url from the address bar and then send it to a mysql database. This in turn is picked by a website that displays the database content.p  pThe part where I am stuck at is how do I obtain the URL from the address bar from within a Safari Extension  I am using php to then update the database with the url once I get it. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to use a hrefhttpsgithub.combluemonkipaddress relnofollowIPAddressa as a a hrefhttpmongoid.orgenmongoiddocsdocuments.htmlcustomfields relnofollowcustom fielda for a Mongoid Document by monkey patching the serialization methods to the IPAddress module and I just cant seem to get it...p  precodeclass Computer   include MongoidDocument    field ipaddress, type IPAddress end  module IPAddress   def mongoize     tostring   end    def self.mongoizeobject     object.tostring   end    def self.demongoizestring     IPAddress.new string   end    def self.evolveobject     object.tostring   end end codepre  pHeres what I got right this second... but Ive tried lots of other ways and just cant find one that works. Any help would be much appreciatedp
Negative 63 pIn my peoplecontrollerspec.rb I havep  precodebeforeeach do     office  FactoryGirl.createoffice     organization  FactoryGirl.createorganization     user  FactoryGirl.createuser, organization organization      request.session[userid]  user.id     request.session[currentorganizationid]  user.organization.id   end codepre  pand I have this applicationcontroller.rbp  precodeclass ApplicationController lt ActionControllerBase    protectfromforgery    private    def currentuser     currentuser  User.findsession[userid] if session[userid]   end    def currentorganization     if session[currentorganizationid]       Organization.findsession[currentorganizationid]     else       currentorganization  Organization.findcurrentuser.organizationid     end   end    helpermethod currentuser   helpermethod currentorganization end codepre  pThe session hash does not seem to persist inside the applicationcontroller.rb that is why I get these kinds of test errors where currentuser in the applicationcontroller.rb is nilp  precode  6 PeopleController index sorts all people alphabetically by firstname      FailureError get index, search metasort firstname.asc, validsession      NoMethodError        undefined method organizationid for nilNilClass       .appcontrollersapplicationcontroller.rb15in currentorganization       .appcontrollerspeoplecontroller.rb107in getorgs       .speccontrollerspeoplecontrollerspec.rb71in block 3 levels in lttop requiredgt codepre  pI have already done everything but failed.p  pI use rails 3.2.9 and rspecrails 2.12.2p  pI SOLVED THE PROBLEM AFTER SEEING THIS a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12226502devisetesthelpersignindoesnotworkDevise Test Helper  signin does not workap  pI just removed all the validsession method call.p
Negative 63 pIm using casper.evaluate to get an array of data from within the page. However it seems to fail to return an array whereas returning strings work flawlessly. What might be the issuep  pFor clarification the code in evaluate isp  precodefunction      return id a.mapfunctioni, e           return e.attrhref      .get   codepre  pThe code.getcode at the end of the call is meant to get an array instead of a jQuery object. BTW, Im sure jQuery is available in the page.p
Negative 63 pI wrote this code and worked perfectly on my localhost but after uploading it I get an error below is the code p  precodeltphp require config.php dblink  new PDOmysqlhosthostdbnamedb,user,pass sessionstart     user  POST[user]     pass  md5POST[pass]     mysqllogin  SELECT  FROM admins WHERE usernameuser AND passwordpass     querylogin  dblinkgtquerymysqllogin or diefailed     total  querylogingtrowCount     iftotal1     SESSION[loggedIn]  true     headerLocationadmin.php     else     headerLocationadmin.php      gt codepre  pAnd Here is the errorp  blockquote   pWarning Cannot modify header information  headers already sent by   output started at homevoiceiqpublichtmlconfig.php8 in   homevoiceiqpublichtmllogin.php on line 12p blockquote  pAnd as I told you in my localhost Xampp Server its working perfectly but after uploading the warning stills show.p  pPlease any helpp
Negative 63 pWindows 7 SP1br MSVS 2010br Qt 4.8.4brp  pThis codep  precodeinclude ltQTGuigt  int mainint argc, char argv[]      QApplication appargc, argv     QMainWindow          window  new QMainWindow     QLineEdit         lineedit  new QLineEdit      lineeditgtsetTextABCDEFG     lineeditgtsetFixedSize40,20     windowgtsetCentralWidgetlineedit     windowgtshow     return app.exec  codepre  pDisplays thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comznU06.jpg altenter image description herep  pNote that the AB is truncated and the cursor is at the end of the line edit.p  pI want it to displayp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZ9Zhp.jpg altenter image description herep  pHere FG is truncated and the cursor is at the beginning of the line edit.p  pIve tried to setCursorPosition and cursorBackward to no avail. If I convert the text via the font metrics elidedText it will display from the beginning with the trailing .... But I dont want to do that.p  pQuestion Is there a way to make the cursor to start at the beginning of its contents after displaying a QLineEditp
Negative 63 pI need the output like below, how can I do thatp  precode       name1          title1          title2         name2          title1          title2 codepre  pIn that for loop I have to display the title. Here I have used below code which means I am getting the following errorp  pcodechar does not contain a definition for Attribute and no extension method Attribute accepting a first argument of type char could be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly referencecodep  pHow can I resolve above error and how can I write the condition within a for loop for displaying the titlep  pI have used this codep  precode   XmlSerializer serializer  new XmlSerializertypeofNotchs    XDocument xmlDoc  XDocument.ParsedataInXmlFile    var Categories  from Category in xmlDoc.DescendantsCategory                select new Notch                                        name  stringCategory.Attributename,                        title   Category.ElementsArticles.Elementsarticle.ToString                            .ToList        foreachvar doc in Categories                      foreachvar sec in doc.title                              sec.Attributetitle.Value.ToList,                               NotchsList.ItemsSource  Categories.ToList codepre  pXMLp  precodeltCategoriesgt   ltCategory namenotchbollygt    ltArticlesgt    ltarticle articleid170 titleColour And Vibrancy Are Part Of Our DNAgt...lt      articlegt    ltarticle articleid187 titleGerman chef gets saucygt...ltarticlegt    ltarticle articleid2004 titleMeettheFaceofCompassiongt...ltarticlegt    ltarticle articleid2005 titleDuttsfamilygetstogethergt...ltarticlegt    ltarticle articleid1933 titleNOTCH easy to do recipe Mushroom Risotto with   trufflesgt...ltarticlegt    ltarticle articleid1934 titleNOTCH easy to do recipe Lobster with Black ink Linguini Arabiattagt...ltarticlegt   ltarticle articleid1935 titleYash Birla 100 Livinggt...ltarticlegt   ltArticlesgt ltCategorygt ltCategory namenotchfashiongt   ltArticlesgt   ltarticle articleid81 titleMaking Headlinesgt...ltarticlegt   ltarticle articleid99 titleLadakh through my Lensgt...ltarticlegt   ltarticle articleid689 titleAFamilyAffairgt...ltarticlegt   ltarticle articleid2264 titleSushmitabackwithManavgt...ltarticlegt   ltarticle articleid70 titleNOTCH Making of the cover Farhan Akhtar amp Javed Akhtargt...ltarticlegt    ltarticle articleid78 titleNOTCH easy to do recipe Aubergine Carpacciogt...       ltarticlegt   ltarticle articleid1935 titleYash Birla 100 Livinggt...ltarticlegt  ltArticlesgt ltCategorygt codepre  pp
Negative 63 pI am new in the world of unit testing in C.p  pI have a piece of code in my codeMain.cscodep  precodepublic static string Generateint length      char[] chars  abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz1234567890ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZamp.ToCharArray     string password  string.Empty     Random random  new Random      for int i  0 i lt length i              int x  random.Next1, chars.Length          if password.Containschars.GetValuex.ToString             password  chars.GetValuex         else             i          return password  codepre  pnow i dont know how to test this code with unit tests can someone give me a examplep  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI have make a test code p  precode    [TestMethod]     [Timeout1000]     public void RenderingPasswordShouldHaveMaximumSize              var amountOfCharacters  Int32.MaxValue         var generator  new PasswordGenerator         var target  generator.GenerateamountOfCharacters           TODO         Assert.FailThis method should throw an exception if you try to create a password with too many characters      codepre  pBut it gives me the following error Message Test RenderingPasswordShouldHaveMaximumSize exceeded execution timeout period can someone help me with this needs to have a max size of 74  p
Negative 63 pWhen creating a new entity in relational database terms a new row in a table in a GWT application I need to provide a unique identifier for the new entity, and that identifier needs to be unique across all concurrent users of the system. In light of this I cant generate the new identifier on the client side ... I need to request it from the server. Im using Request Factory for the application, and so I dont typically use GWT RPC to communicate with the server, but I think it may be the best way to request a unique identifier in this case. What is the best way to obtain a unique identifier And if there are default values for some of the fields columns in a new entity where would you obtain those values Would you get them from the server Or embed them in the client codep
Negative 63 pIm styling a button using a shape drawable, this causes the button to over expand a little or lose its margin so it doesnt align well with the other buttons. any idea whyp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comIAvUf.jpg altenter image description herep  pThis is my layout codep  precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnsadshttpschemas.android.comapklibcom.google.ads xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidididLinearLayout1 androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparent androidorientationvertical gt  ltTableLayout     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheight0dip     androidlayoutweight1     androidstretchColumns     androidweightSum2 gt ltTableRow         androidididtableRowMem         androidlayoutweight1 gt              ltButton                 androidididbuttonA                 androidlayoutwidth0dip                 androidlayoutheightmatchparent                 androidlayoutweight1                 androidtextAgt          ltButton             androidididbuttonB             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidlayoutweight1             androidtextB gt      ltTableRowgt      ltTableRow         androidididtableRow1         androidlayoutweight1 gt          ltButton             androidididbuttonC             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutweight1             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidtextC gt          ltButton             androidididbuttonD             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutweight1             androidlayoutheightmatchparent             androidbackgrounddrawablebuttonred             androidtextD gt     ltTableRowgt     ltTableLayoutgt     ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pAnd this is the shape drawablep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltselector androidshaperectangle xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt ltitemgt      ltshapegt          ltgradient     androidstartColorFFFF0000     androidendColor80FF00FF     androidangle45gt      ltshapegt ltitemgt ltselectorgt codepre
Negative 63 precodelthtmlgt  ltheadgt     ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.9.1.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltdiv aligncenter stylemargintop15gt     ltdiv idout aligncenter styleborderstylesolidborderwidth1pxwidth300pxgt         ltdiv idouttext aligncenter stylemargintop20height40pxwidth200pxgt         Welcome         ltdivgt         ltform methodpostgt              Username ltinput typetext nameusergtltbrgt             Password ltinput typepassword namepasswordgtltbrgt             ltinput idlogin typesubmit valueLogingt             ltinput idadd typesubmit valueAdd Usergt         ltformgt      ltdivgt      ltdiv idin styleborderstylesolidborderwidth1pxwidth300pxgt         ltdiv idintext aligncenter stylemargintop20height40pxwidth200pxgt         test         ltdivgt         ltformgt             ltinput idlogout typesubmit idlogout valueLogoutgt             ltformgt     ltdivgt  ltdivgt  ltscriptgt document.readyfunction      out.show     in.hide    login.clickfunction      out.hide     in.show     intext.textSuccess   logout.clickfunction      out.show     in.hide     outtext.textWelcome  ltscriptgt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  pso my question is why doesnt my document.ready hide the div with idin when the page finishes loading i thought that was how it was done. am i missing something here im looking through various tutorials and it see them do the same thing i am doing, but for some reason, my jquery is not working.p  pedit ok so thanks to you guys, i was able to hide the other div. thank you. however, now i have a different problem. i am trying to make an onclick event handler that switches which div to display and change the text. i edited the code as following, can anyone here figure out why it doesnt workp
Negative 63 pInspired by a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14617024aremultisetsmissinginscalathis questiona, Id like to implement a a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiMultiset28abstractdatatype29Multiset relnofollowMultiseta in Scala. Id like a codeMultiSet[A]code top  ul liSupport adding, removing, union, intersection and differenceli liBe an codeA gt Intcode, providing the count of each elementli ul  pHeres one approach, extending codeSetcodep  precodeimport scala.collection.immutable.Map import scala.collection.immutable.Set import scala.collection.SetLike import scala.collection.mutable.Builder  class MultiSet[A]private val counts Map[A, Int]  Map.empty[A, Int] extends SetLike[A, MultiSet[A]] with Set[A]    override def elem A MultiSet[A]       val count  this.counts.getOrElseelem, 0  1     new MultiSetthis.counts  elem gt count       override def elem A MultiSet[A]  this.counts.getelem match      case None gt this     case Some1 gt new MultiSetthis.counts  elem     case Somen gt new MultiSetthis.counts  elem gt n  1      override def containselem A Boolean  this.counts.containselem   override def empty MultiSet[A]  new MultiSet[A]   override def iterator Iterator[A]       for elem, count lt this.counts.iterator  lt 1 to count yield elem      override def newBuilder Builder[A,MultiSet[A]]  new Builder[A, MultiSet[A]]      var multiSet  empty     def elem A this.type  this.multiSet  elem this     def clear Unit  this.multiSet  empty     def result MultiSet[A]  this.multiSet      override def seq MultiSet[A]  this   object MultiSet    def empty[A] MultiSet[A]  new MultiSet[A]   def apply[A]elem A, elems A MultiSet[A]  MultiSet.empty  elem  elems   def apply[A]elems Seq[A] MultiSet[A]  MultiSet.empty  elems   def apply[A]elem A, Int, elems A, Int  new MultiSetelem  elems.toMap   def apply[A]elems Map[A, Int] MultiSet[A]  new MultiSetelems  codepre  pExtending codeSetcode is nice, because it means that codeMultiSetcode automatically gets definitions for union, difference, etc. All the following will holdp  precode add assert   MultiSetX gt 3, Y gt 1  X      MultiSetX gt 4, Y gt 1 assert   MultiSetX gt 3, Y gt 1  Z      MultiSetX gt 3, Y gt 1, Z gt 1   remove assert   MultiSeta gt 2, b gt 5  b      MultiSeta gt 2, b gt 4 assert   MultiSeta gt 2, b gt 5  c      MultiSeta gt 2, b gt 5   add all assert   MultiSet10 gt 1, 100 gt 3  MultiSet10 gt 1, 1 gt 7      MultiSet100 gt 3, 10 gt 2, 1 gt 7   remove all assert   MultiSeta gt 2, b gt 5  MultiSeta gt 3      MultiSetb gt 5 codepre  pHowever, I would have to override some inherited methods like codeunioncode and codeintersectcode because they would do the wrong things for multisets, e.g. the following would not holdp  precode union takes max of values assert   MultiSet10 gt 5, 1 gt 1.unionMultiSet10 gt 3, 1 gt 7      MultiSet10 gt 5, 1 gt 7   intersection takes min of values assert   MultiSet10 gt 5, 100 gt 3.intersectMultiSet10 gt 1, 1 gt 7      MultiSet10 gt 1 codepre  pAnother problem with extending codeSetcode is that then I cant have codeMultiSetcode be an codeA gt Intcode because Ill get the error codeillegal inheritance  class MultiSet inherits different type instances of trait Function1 A gt Int and A gt Booleancode. I could work around this by declaring a separate, say, codecountcode method, but Id really prefer that the class just be an codeA gt Intcode.p  pAnother approach would be to inherit from codeMap[A, Int]code, which would give me the codeA gt Intcode that I want, but then I would have to define all of my own codecode, codecode, etc. since in codeMapcode these would be defined over codeA, Intcode pairs, but for a multiset they need to be defined over  codeAcodes.p  pI guess a third approach would be to give up on both codeSetcode and codeMapcode, and just implement a new subclass of codeIterablecode or whatever.p  pWhat would you recommend Whats the best way to fit a codeMulitSetcode within the Scala collections frameworkp
Negative 63 pI want to create fine pop up window for success message after submitting newsletter form . How I can do this with jquery js  if I thinking right at first I need to check messages and if message  newsletter success message than show this mes in popup . right but how can I realize this   Thanks   p
Negative 63 pstrongSituationstrong Checkout as guest no customer billing address in database.p  pstrongProblemstrong How to fill out the billing address form automatically using variables from url or sessionp  pPerfect solution for me would to bep  ol lipchange as less as possible e.g. in this filep  blockquote   pappdesignfrontenddefaultmythemenametemplatepersistentcheckoutonepagebilling.phtmlp blockquoteli lipand access variables this wayp  blockquote   pthisgetAddressgetNamep blockquoteli ol  pMy temporary solutionp  precode array comes from url or session   myAddress  array      firstname gt John,     lastname gt Smith,     street gt array          0 gt 1st Street,         1 gt 2056,     ,     city gt Maspeth,     regionid gt ,     region gt ,     postcode gt NY11378,     countryid gt US,     telephone gt 0017183209872       customAddress  MagegetModelcustomeraddress customAddressgtsetDatamyAddress   this  MageCheckoutBlockOnepageBilling   this     gtsetBillingAddressMagegetSingletonsalesquoteaddress     gtimportCustomerAddresscustomAddress   insert value into input field   echo thisgtgetBillingAddressgtgetName codepre
Negative 63 pI understand how to use the definition of BigO to prove an fn is On or On2 but I get lost with O2n can you help prove 2n n3  30 is O2n pls Bsc AI Yr1 Love it all but complexity is kickin my assp
Negative 63 pI have a nav bar with an image and a ul. I want to text in the ul to align to the bottom of the div but it at the top right now. How can i achieve thisbr a hrefhttpjsbin.comotitaf1 relnofollowhttpjsbin.comotitaf1ap  precodeltnavgt             ltdiv classlogogt                 ltimg srcimglogo.jpg idlogogt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classnavgt                 ltulgt                     ltli classbottomgt                         lta hrefhome.htmlgtLuigis   Pizzerialtagt                     ltligt                     ltligt                         lta hrefmenu.htmlgtMenultagt                     ltligt                     ltli classbottomgt                         lta hrefgtMapltagt                     ltligt                     ltligt                         lta hrefgtAboutltagt                     ltligt                     ltligt                         lta hrefgtContactltagt                     ltligt                     ltligt                         lta hrefgtPraisesltagt                     ltligt                 ltulgt             ltdivgt         ltnavgt codepre  pcssp  precode.logo     width 30     float left  .nav     float right  logo     height 100     marginleft 25  .bottom     position relative     verticalalign bottom  codepre
Negative 63 pFrom what I understand, Redis runs entirely in memory and just synchronizes its data back to disk, which is the main reason why its so fast.p  pTheir site says that a hrefhttpredis.iotopicsvirtualmemory relnofollowvirtual memorya is deprecated, and the prose surrounding that statement seems to indicate that their nearterm plans dont include continued support for databases that are larger than system memory which, quite honestly, describes most of the databases Ive worked with, even RDBMSes which have the benefit of normalization.p  pDoes this mean that Redis is no longer a suitable longterm candidate for the primary or only data store in a reasonably datadense or hightraffic application Should I be sticking to SQLMongoRavenetc. for the main event and only consider Redis for the occasional bells and whistles caching etc.p  pOr are there people whove successfully scaled with Redis, without using the deprecated VM feature And if so, howp  pP.S. Ive read about a hrefhttpredis.iotopicsclusterspec relnofollowRedis Clustera which would apparently be a solution, but it looks like its nowhere near ready for prime time...p
Negative 63 pI have recently taken AP Computer Science and I was trying out some GUI stuff to brush up on my skills. I am in the process of coding a space invaders game and I am having some trouble with the movement speed of the sprite. This is the code I have so far p  precodeimport java.awt.Graphics import java.awt.event.ActionEvent import java.awt.event.ActionListener import java.awt.event.KeyEvent import java.awt.event.KeyListener  import javax.swing.JPanel   public class Data extends JPanel implements ActionListener, KeyListener      Sprite image  new Sprite      private boolean imageAdded  false     private int x  100, y  190     private double xvel      public void importImage          if imageAdded  false              image.importImage             Listeners             imageAdded  true                    public void Listeners          addKeyListenerthis         setFocusabletrue           public void update         actionPreformed            public void paintComponentGraphics g          super.paintComponentg         importImage         update         g.drawImageimage.spaceship, x, y, null         repaint           public void actionPreformed          if xvel  .1              x  x  1                   if xvel  .1              x  x  1                    public void keyPressedKeyEvent e          System.out.printlnx         int code  e.getKeyCode          if code  KeyEvent.VKLEFT              xvel  .1                   if code  KeyEvent.VKRIGHT              xvel  .1                    public void keyReleasedKeyEvent e          xvel  0           public void keyTypedKeyEvent e             Override     public void actionPerformedActionEvent e           TODO Autogenerated method stub         codepre  pWhen I type the right or left key it prints out the x value. It seems like the value for x is being set randomly  even when I defined it not to be. How do I fix this problem p
Negative 63 pI recently started working with strong[emBing Apiem]strong in my webService [wcf] in c . I would like to strongrecover a satellite image of a given scalestrong with Bing for examplep  pScale 1200 1 centimeter on the map equal 200 centimeters on the worldp  pOf course I found this function that explains how to calculate the image resolution satellite bing but this is not what Im looking for ..p  precodeMap resolution  156543.04 meterspixel  coslatitude  2  zoomlevel codepre  pHere is my function used to generate my bing map, but I do not know what to send parameter to retrieve an image scale of 1200.p  pemI need emp  pstrongScale  1200strongp  pemI search emp  pint strongmapSizeHeightstrong  p  pint strongmapSizeWidthstrong  p  pint strongzoomLevelstrong  p  precodepublic string GetImageMapdouble latitude,double longitude,int mapSizeHeight, int mapSizeWidth, int zoomLevel              string key  ddsaAaasm5vwsdfsfd2ySYBxfEFsdfsdfcFh6iUO5GI4v         MapUriRequest mapUriRequest  new MapUriRequest           Set credentials using a valid Bing Maps key         mapUriRequest.Credentials  new ImageryService.Credentials         mapUriRequest.Credentials.ApplicationId  key           Set the location of the requested image         mapUriRequest.Center  new ImageryService.Location         mapUriRequest.Center.Latitude  latitude         mapUriRequest.Center.Longitude  longitude           Set the map style and zoom level         MapUriOptions mapUriOptions  new MapUriOptions         mapUriOptions.Style  MapStyle.Aerial         mapUriOptions.ZoomLevel  zoomLevel         mapUriOptions.PreventIconCollision  true          Set the size of the requested image in pixels         mapUriOptions.ImageSize  new ImageryService.SizeOfint         mapUriOptions.ImageSize.Height  mapSizeHeight         mapUriOptions.ImageSize.Width  mapSizeWidth          mapUriRequest.Options  mapUriOptions          Make the request and return the URI         ImageryServiceClient imageryService  new ImageryServiceClient         MapUriResponse mapUriResponse  imageryService.GetMapUrimapUriRequest         return mapUriResponse.Uri      codepre
Negative 63 pI have the following code in C .NET 3.5  VS2010, for initializing a custom object listp  pI need do the same too in a Powershell 2.0 script.p  pAny suggestions about it, without use AddTypep  precodepublic static ListltReplaceForDeployFilegt CreateReplaceList      var list  new ListltReplaceForDeployFilegt              new ReplaceForDeployFile                       PathFile  web.config,             ReplaceList                   new ListltItemReplaceForDeployFilegt                                      new ItemReplaceForDeployFile                                              ReplaceType  System.String,                          ValueSource  valueValue1,                          ValueForDES  valueValue2,                     ,                     new ItemReplaceForDeployFile                                              ReplaceType  System.String,                          ValueSource  customErrors modeOn,                          ValueForDES  customErrors modeOff,                     ,                ,           ,                      return list  codepre
Negative 63 pI have a WebGrid in a Partial Page, and the Partial Page is called from the Controller inside another page, everything is working fine, except for the paging. When I try to go to next page records, it reverts back to the main page, without the Webgrid.p  pMy Controller Codep  precode [HttpPost]     public ActionResult StatisticsHistoryFormCollection fc      ListltStatisticsHistoryDatagt hisData  new ListltStatisticsHistoryDatagt ........  if hisData  null          hisData  StatisticsHistoryMethods.HistoryDetailsBetweenDatesfromDate, toDate, environmentId                     return PartialViewStatusHistoryGrid, hisData   else                             return StatisticsHistory       codepre  pMy Webgrid in the Partial Pagep  precodemodel IEnumerableltAppFabricAdmin.Models.StatisticsHistoryDatagt  var Grid  new WebGridsource Model, canPagetrue, rowsPerPage2, canSort true    if Model.Count gt 0     Grid.GetHtmltableStyle webGrid, headerStyle header, alternatingRowStyle alt,    mode WebGridPagerModes.All,     columns Grid.ColumnsGrid.ColumnEnvironment, format ltbgtitem.Environmentltbgt, style AIDColumn,                                 Grid.ColumnInitial Status, format ltbgtitem.InitialStatusltbgt, style FirstNameColumn,                                 Grid.ColumnFinal Status, format ltbgtitem.FinalStatusltbgt, style LastNameColumn,                                 Grid.ColumnAction Taken, format ltbgtitem.ActionTakenltbgt, style EmailIDColumn,                                         Grid.ColumnComments, format ltbgtitem.Commentsltbgt, style EmailIDColumn,                                                 Grid.ColumnTime Stamp, format ltbgtitem.TimeStampltbgt, style EmailIDColumn                                                       else   ltpgt     No records found.ltpgt  codepre  pI have also tried using using Ajax.BeginForm in the main page and hv also tried using ajaxUpdateContainerIdgrid in the Grid, but nothing works. Pls help.p
Negative 63 pIm creating a menue for a site. Im trying to change a hover to click effect on links.p  pA menuitem has to change when I hover over the submenu.p  pThis is the codep  precodeltli classdropdowngt             lta hrefgtitem 1ltagt             ltulgt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 1ltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 2ltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 3ltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 4ltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltligt         ltli classdropdowngt             lta hrefgtitem 2ltagt             ltulgt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 1ltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 2ltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 3ltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtsubitem 4ltagtltligt             ltulgt         ltligt codepre  pand cssp  precode.navgtligta              position relative             display block             width 150px             marginleft 5px             padding 10px 10px 10px 15px             fontfamily Open Sans, sansserif             fontsize 14px             letterspacing 1px             fontweight 900             textdecoration none             color 383838  .navgtligtahover, .navgtlihovergta              color white             width 169px             height 4px             background webkitlineargradientbottom, A30C0C, C42D2D             background mslineargradientbottom, A30C0C, C42D2D             background mozlineargradientbottom, A30C0C, C42D2D             background olineargradientbottom, A30C0C, C42D2D             filter progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.gradient startColorstrffffff,                         endColorstrf3f3f3,GradientType0  codepre  pplease, help mep
Negative 63 pI need to extract URL codelinkcode from html.p  precodelta relnofollow hreflink class1gt codepre  pThere is only one such link on the whole page.p  pThen I need to add use it as codea.hrefcode in this functionp  precodefunction changespan      var spans  document.querySelectorAllspan.image     for var i  spans.length i           var a  document.createElementa         a.href  httpdomain.com         spans[i].appendChilda.appendChilda.previousSibling       codepre
Negative 63 pIm using a combination of urllib, urllib2  to POST some form data.p  pHere is the form I need to submitp  precodeltform methodpost actionshowbug.cgigt             ltinput typehidden namectype valuexmlgt             ltinput typehidden nameid value788604gt             ltinput typehidden nameid value793892gt             ltinput typehidden nameid value823569gt             ltinput typehidden nameid value823585gt             ltinput typehidden nameid value825904gt             ltinput typehidden nameid value827493gt             ltinput typehidden nameexcludefield valueattachmentdatagt             ltinput typesubmit valueXML idxmlgt ltformgt codepre  pIm creating a list of tuples of the form code[ name,value, ... ]codep  pSince the submit type element has no name, I have no idea how and if to send that element using urlliburllib2.p  pWhen I try posting this data to showbug.cgi, I get an HTTP404 Error.p  pIm confused about how to POST the form, especially the submit input type. So far Ive always assumed that the value and id of the Submit type never mattered, and so far it seems to have worked for me.p  hr  pThis is the post request as captured by TamperDatap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com0XJxK.png altPOST parametersp
Negative 63 pin Microsoft.Expression.Encoder is it possible to remove Screen capture from Video device type.p  pIf I dop  precodeVideoDevices  EncoderDevices.FindDevicesEncoderDeviceType.Video codepre  pIt returns me 2 device  The webcam plugged in and the Screen capture p  pTho i dont want the ability to use Screen Capture as the recording device.p  pShould i just remove it manually while checking the name of it, or did they add some kind of functionnality to only get webcam devices in video devices.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI have the following fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netmauricederegtHMkcD1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netmauricederegtHMkcD1ap  pIt contains a series of colored blocks divs, click the 1 to see the blocks. The HTML produced looks like thisp  precodeltdiv idplanegt ltdiv classtile tile1 blockid1 styleid1 styleleft0px top0pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile2 blockid2 styleid2 styleleft100px top0pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile1 blockid3 styleid1 styleleft200px top0pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile2 blockid4 styleid2 styleleft0px top100pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile1 blockid5 styleid1 styleleft100px top100pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile2 blockid6 styleid2 styleleft200px top100pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile1 blockid7 styleid1 styleleft0px top200pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile2 blockid8 styleid2 styleleft100px top200pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile1 blockid9 styleid1 styleleft200px top200pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile3 blockid10 styleid3 styleleft50px top50pxgtltdivgtltdiv classtile tile4 blockid11 styleid4 styleleft150px top50pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile4 blockid12 styleid4 styleleft50px top150pxgtltdivgt ltdiv classtile tile3 blockid13 styleid3 styleleft150px top150pxgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pI want to add a class codesscode to a colored blockdiv when I click a block this clicked block becomes the selected block. Then I want to click to select another block. If the styleids of these 2 blocks are the same, I want to remove those blocks. If not, then remove the codesscode class again.p  pIve created the following code to do thisp  precodeplane.clickfunction                            the click function     var clickedBlock  this                          get the data of the clicked divblock     clickedBlock.addClassss                         add class ss to the clicked divblock     if blockSelected                                  if divblock is selected        if blockSelected.attrblockid  clickedBlock.attrblockid   if blockid of the selected div equals the blockid of the clicked div            clickedBlock.removeClassss               remove class ss         else                                           else           if blockSelected.attrstyleid  clickedBlock.attrstyleid  if style selected div equals style clicked div               blockSelected.addClassx            ad class x to selected div or better remove div               clickedBlock.addClassx                ad class x to clicked div or better remove div               totalTiles  totalTiles  2               deduct 2 of the total tiles                 else                                   if not equal styles               blockSelected.removeClassss        remove class ss form the selected div               clickedBlock.removeClassss            remove class ss from the clicked div                              blockSelected  null     else          blockSelected  this      codepre  pThe problem is, I cant get it to work. I think codeplanecode at the start isnt right either, but I am not sure what code to put there since codeplane divcode doesnt seem to work.p  pThank youp
Negative 63 pI want to change the size of Cursor in java. So please can somebody tell me how can i do this. i have searched on google but i did not find any solution. Below is my code from which i am trying to change the size of cursor.p  precodeToolkit toolkit  Toolkit.getDefaultToolkit InputStream imgStream  this.getClass.getResourceAsStreamresourcesmovecursor.gif  BufferedImage bi  new BufferedImage10,10, BufferedImage.TYPEINTRGB try      bi  ImageIO.readimgStream  catch IOException ex      Exceptions.printStackTraceex  Point hotspot  new Point0,0 ImageIcon myImg  new ImageIconbi  Image image  myImg.getImage  toolkit.getBestCursorSize10, 10 Cursor cursor  toolkit.createCustomCursorimage,hotspot ,Custom Cursor setCursorcursor codepre  pThis code has changed the cursorwhich is a image but did not changed the size of cursor. Please give me the solution for that.p  pthanksp
Negative 63 pAngularscenario works well when your angular app is ready on DOM ready. Is not the case when using requirejs or an other AMD lib. How to add support for AMD in angularscenariop
Negative 63 pMySQL always sends a default response even when the data doesnt match the queryp  pHow can I design my query to get an error code from MySQL if no data is matching the queryp  pI need an error code from MySQL to create a 404 or 410 page.p  precodeSELECT place.ID AS id, place.latitude AS lat, place.longitude AS lng,  IF place.translationID IS NULL, place.name, placel10n.text  AS cityname,  IF admcode.translationID IS NULL, , statel10n.text  AS statename,  IF    countrycode.translationID IS NULL, countrycode.name, countryl10n.Text  AS countryname,  IF place.textID IS NULL, , l10nstrings.text  AS description  FROM places AS place  LEFT JOIN l10nstrings AS placel10n ON place.translationID  placel10n.translationID         AND placel10n.languageCode  de LEFT JOIN admin1codesascii AS admcode ON place.admin1  admcode.statecode AND     place.country  admcode.country LEFT JOIN l10nstrings AS statel10n ON admcode.translationID     statel10n.translationID AND statel10n.languageCode  de LEFT JOIN countries AS countrycode ON place.country  countrycode.isoalpha2 LEFT JOIN l10nstrings AS countryl10n ON countrycode.translationID     countryl10n.TranslationID AND countryl10n.LanguageCode  de  LEFT JOIN texts ON place.textID  texts.id LEFT JOIN l10nstrings ON texts.translationID  l10nstrings.translationID AND    l10nstrings.languageCode de  WHERE place.id  8 AND place.featurecode  A OR place.featurecode  AB OR place.featurecode  AAC  LIMIT 0,1 codepre  pThis query always returns a result even when the codewherecode statements are wrong.p
Negative 63 pI want to shake a price button. After each reversing, it should wait for some seconds.p  precode [UIView animateWithDuration0.14f delay0 optionsUIViewAnimationOptionAutoreverse  UIViewAnimationOptionRepeat  UIViewAnimationCurveEaseInOut animations         self.priceButton.transform  CGAffineTransformMakeRotationDEGREESTORADIANS3         self.priceButton.transform  CGAffineTransformMakeRotationDEGREESTORADIANS6         self.priceButton.transform  CGAffineTransformMakeRotationDEGREESTORADIANS3      completionnil] codepre  pHow can I do thatp
Negative 63 pI am getting this json output from yahoo boss api. It goes on for 50 results, but, I have pasted only the first two...p  precode             [bossresponse] ampgt stdClass Object                              [responsecode] ampgt 200                 [web] ampgt stdClass Object                              [start] ampgt 0                 [count] ampgt 50                 [totalresults] ampgt 2750000                 [results] ampgt Array                                              [0] ampgt stdClass Object                                                              [date] ampgt                                  [clickurl] ampgt httpwww.apple.comipad                                 [url] ampgt httpwww.apple.comipad                                 [dispurl] ampgt www.apple.comltbgtipadltbgt                                 [title] ampgt Apple  ltbgtiPadltbgt                                 [abstract] ampgt ltbgtiPadltbgt is a magical window where nothing comes between you and what you love. And it comes in two sizes.                                                       [1] ampgt stdClass Object                                                              [date] ampgt                                  [clickurl] ampgt httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiIPad                                 [url] ampgt httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiIPad                                 [dispurl] ampgt en.wikipedia.orgwikiltbgtIPadltbgt                                 [title] ampgt ltbgtiPadltbgt  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia                                 [abstract] ampgt The ltbgtiPadltbgt is a line of tablet computers designed and marketed by Apple Inc., which runs Apples iOS operating system. The first ltbgtiPadltbgt was released on April 3, 2010 the ...                                                       [2] ampgt stdClass Object                                                              [date] ampgt                                  [clickurl] ampgt httpwww.amazon.comsieUTF8ampamppage1ampamprhi3Aaps2Ck3Aipad                                 [url] ampgt httpwww.amazon.comsieUTF8ampamppage1ampamprhi3Aaps2Ck3Aipad                                 [dispurl] ampgt www.amazon.comsieUTF8ampamppage1ampamprhi3Aaps2Ck3Altbgtipadltbgt                                 [title] ampgt Amazon.com ltbgtipadltbgt                                 [abstract] ampgt Considering an ltbgtiPadltbgt Compare it to Kindle Fire HD Check out our easy sidebyside comparison chart to see how the newest ltbgtiPadltbgt stacks up to Kindle Fire HD 8.9.                              codepre  pI use the following code in php to connect to the api and display the results...p  precode      connect to yahoo api and get results in json       ltphp       requireOAuth.php      cckey   confidential     ccsecret  confidential     url  httpyboss.yahooapis.comysearchweb     args  array     args[q]  yahoo     args[format]  json      consumer  new OAuthConsumercckey, ccsecret     request  OAuthRequestfromconsumerandtokenconsumer, NULL,GET, url, args     requestgtsignrequestnew OAuthSignatureMethodHMACSHA1, consumer, NULL     url  sprintfss, url, OAuthUtilbuildhttpqueryargs     ch  curlinit     headers  arrayrequestgttoheader     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTHTTPHEADER, headers     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, url     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, TRUE     rsp  curlexecch     results  jsondecodersp     gt      Present results in htmlphp     ltdiv idresultsdivgt     ltphp      foreachresultsgtbossresponsegtwebgtresults as result         echo lth3gtlta href.resultgturl.gt.resultgttitle.ltbrgt.resultgtabstract.ltagtlth3gt        gt codepre  pMy question is how do I paginate results, since all the 50 results appear on the first web page only. I want to display ten results in every page. p  pAny help is appreciated. p  pThanks. p
Negative 63 pI have to update the details in a table named CLERK, using this codep  precodetry      update query      myDataBase.execSQLUPDATE CLERK SET           CLKNAME  sqlclkname  ,           CLKEXPIRYDATE  sqlexpirydt  ,           CLKPASSWORD  sqlpassword             WHERE CLKID    sqlclkid   , null      Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, MODIFIED , Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show  catch Exception ex      Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,          error modifying clerk,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show  codepre  pWhen I run it, I get an exception, codeexnullcode. The record is definitely present in the db.p  pWhen I use codecursor  myDataBase.rawQuerycode instead of codemyDataBase.execSQLcode the query execute but not reflected in the database.. someone help me out please p
Negative 63 pI made an ASP.Net Web Forms application and its working in debug mode in Visual Studio 2012. But when I uploaded the application folder into my Apache with modmono I got an Error that indicates I should do this in my web.configp  precodeltconfigurationgt     ltsystem.webgt         ltcustomErrors modeOffgt     ltsystem.webgt ltconfigurationgt codepre  pMy question now is, how should I set up my application from Debug to Release When I clicked on create application it just gave me a short message in the console. When I use the deploy application option I got a menu with some serversettings that I dont understand and that I dont know.p  pstrongeditstrongp  pnow i got this Error Messagep  blockquote   pParser Errorp      pDescription Error parsing a resource required to service this   request. Review your source file and modify it to fix this error.p      pParser Error Message The file Site1.Master does not existp      pSource Errorp      pLine 1 lt Page Title LanguageC   MasterPageFileSite1.Master AutoEventWireuptrue   CodeBehindDefault.aspx.cs InheritsWebApplication1.WebForm6    Line 2  Line 3 p blockquote  pbut i there is the Site1.Master in this folder.p
Negative 63 pI have spinner on my app and I want to make the spaces between each line larger. I have already tried codeandroidTextSize30spcode with no luck  any ideasp
Negative 63 pIve created a simple record keeping application using various resources around the internet. Im able to successfully store text data  however when I attempt to incorporate a codeTimePickercode I end up crashing my entire app. I was instructed how to add this functionality in a previous post  but when I attempt to add fields for the timepicker data the entire app closes and of course does not save the data p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15540395howdoistoretimepickerdatainmysimplerecordkeepingappHow do I store TimePicker Data in my simple record keeping appap  pI was instructed by the user above to use the followingp  precodeCREATE TABLE ...... dtField date, tmpName Text..... codepre  puse following for saving date as textp  psample date format  20130321 131200p  precodeandroid.text.format.DateFormat.formatyyyyMMdd hhmmss, dtDate.getTime codepre  pThe first half of which Ive implemented I believe. The second half Im not too sure how to implement correctly the first thing I need help with, and my app is force closing as well after making these changes the second thing I need help with.p  pAny help resolving this issue is greatly appreciated Im a bit of a noob  so the more detailed the instructions  the betterp  pThanks in advance,p  pAmani Swannp  pP.S.p  pI updated the source code below with Robby Ponds suggestedp  pReplacep  pEditText timeEt withp  pTimePicker timeEtp  pbut Im im still unable to run the code shown below. p  pCan  someone take a look at the logcat or problems log and let me know if you can tell what is causing the issue at this point The suggestion by Robby Pond was helpful but I have a deeper issue with the current source code below. p  pP.S.p  pI know the error cannot be resolved to a type usually indicates there is a class missing or perhaps an XML issue but the error indicates TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type however I dont have a TimePicker.Java  I just want to use the timepicker buttons coded in the XML below.p  pXML DATA INPUT p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltScrollView xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidlayoutwidthfillparent  androidlayoutheightwrapcontent androidlayoutweight1gt  ltLinearLayout androidididlinearLayout   androidlayoutwidthfillparent   androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidorientationvertical    androidpadding5dpgt    ltEditText androidididnameEdit      androidlayoutwidthfillparent      androidlayoutheightwrapcontent       androidimeOptionsactionNext       androidhintstringnamehint      androidinputTypetextPersonNametextCapWordsgt    ltEditText androidididcapEdit      androidlayoutwidthfillparent       androidlayoutheightwrapcontent       androidimeOptionsactionNext       androidhintstringcaphint      androidinputTypetextPersonNametextCapWordsgt  ltTextView     androidididtextView3     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextData Limit     androidtextColorffffff     androidtextAppearanceandroidtextAppearanceMedium gt  ltSeekBar     androidididseekBar1     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt  ltLinearLayout     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidorientationhorizontal gt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutweight1.0         androidgravityleft         androidtextColorffffff         androidtext10MB gt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutweight1.0         androidgravityright         androidtextColorffffff         androidtextUnlimited Data gt ltLinearLayoutgt  ltTextView     androidididtextView3     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextBandwidth Limit     androidtextColorffffff     androidtextAppearanceandroidtextAppearanceMedium gt  ltSeekBar     androidididseekBar1     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent gt  ltLinearLayout     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidorientationhorizontal gt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutweight1.0         androidgravityleft         androidtextColorffffff         androidtext10kbs gt      ltTextView         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutweight1.0         androidtextColorffffff         androidgravityright         androidtextUnlimited Bandwidth gt ltLinearLayoutgt   ltTextView     androidididTextView02     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextAppearanceandroidtextAppearanceSmall gt   ltTextView     androidididTextView02     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextWiFi Time Limit     androidtextColorffffff     androidtextAppearanceandroidtextAppearanceMedium gt   ltTimePicker     androidididtimeEdit     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutgravitycenter     androidgravitycenter     androidlayoutweight1.0 gt  ltEditText     androidididcodeEdit     androidinputTypetextUri     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidems10     androidlines1     androidhintstringcodehint     androidimeOptionsactionNext gt       ltButton androidididsaveBtn       androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent      androidlayoutheightwrapcontent      androidlayoutmarginTop15dp      androidlayoutgravitycenterhorizontal      androidtextstringsavebtngt  ltLinearLayoutgt  ltScrollViewgt codepre  pJAVA DATA INPUTp  precodepackage com.nfc.linkingmanager   import android.app.Activity import android.app.AlertDialog import android.os.AsyncTask import android.os.Bundle import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.widget.Button import android.widget.EditText  public class AddEditCountry extends Activity    private long rowID   private EditText nameEt  private EditText capEt  private EditText codeEt  private TimePicker timeEt     Override    public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState            super.onCreatesavedInstanceState        setContentViewR.layout.addcountry        nameEt  EditText findViewByIdR.id.nameEdit       capEt  EditText findViewByIdR.id.capEdit       codeEt  EditText findViewByIdR.id.codeEdit       timeEt  TimePicker findViewByIdR.id.timeEdit         Bundle extras  getIntent.getExtras         if extras  null                 rowID  extras.getLongrowid          nameEt.setTextextras.getStringname            capEt.setTextextras.getStringcap            codeEt.setTextextras.getStringcode            timeEt.setTextextras.getStringtime                 Button saveButton Button findViewByIdR.id.saveBtn       saveButton.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener             public void onClickView v                          if nameEt.getText.length  0                               AsyncTaskltObject, Object, Objectgt saveContactTask                      new AsyncTaskltObject, Object, Objectgt                                            Override                       protected Object doInBackgroundObject... params                                                  saveContact                          return null                                               Override                       protected void onPostExecuteObject result                                                  finish                                                              saveContactTask.executeObject[] null                              else                               AlertDialog.Builder alert  new AlertDialog.BuilderAddEditCountry.this                 alert.setTitleR.string.errorTitle                  alert.setMessageR.string.errorMessage                 alert.setPositiveButtonR.string.errorButton, null                  alert.show                                         private void saveContact            DatabaseConnector dbConnector  new DatabaseConnectorthis        if getIntent.getExtras  null                  dbConnector.insertContactnameEt.getText.toString,                   capEt.getText.toString,                   timeEt.getText.toString,                   codeEt.getText.toString              else                 dbConnector.updateContactrowID,             nameEt.getText.toString,             capEt.getText.toString,             timeEt.getText.toString,             codeEt.getText.toString             codepre  pXML DATA OUTPUTp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt  ltTableLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid   androidlayoutwidthfillparent    androidlayoutheightwrapcontent   androidstretchColumns1    androidlayoutmargin5dpgt     ltTableRowgt               ltTextView          stylestyleStyleLabel         androidtextstringnamelblgt      ltTextView          androidididnameText          stylestyleStyleTextgt            ltTableRowgt    ltTableRowgt               ltTextView          stylestyleStyleLabel         androidtextstringcaplblgt               ltTextView          androidididcapText         stylestyleStyleTextgt            ltTableRowgt    ltTableRowgt               ltTextView          stylestyleStyleLabel         androidtextstringcodelblgt               ltTextView          androidididcodeText         stylestyleStyleTextgt            ltTableRowgt   ltTableRowgt               ltTextView          stylestyleStyleLabel         androidtextLinked Usersgt               ltTextView          androidididcodeText         stylestyleStyleTextgt            ltTableRowgt    ltTableRowgt               ltTextView          stylestyleStyleLabel         androidtextTime Limitgt               ltTextView          androidididtimeText         stylestyleStyleTextgt            ltTableRowgt ltTableLayoutgt codepre  pDATA OUTPUT JAVAp  precodeimport android.app.Activity import android.app.AlertDialog import android.content.DialogInterface import android.content.Intent import android.database.Cursor import android.os.AsyncTask import android.os.Bundle import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuInflater import android.view.MenuItem import android.widget.TextView  public class ViewCountry extends Activity      private long rowID    private TextView nameTv    private TextView capTv    private TextView codeTv     private TextView timeTv      Override    public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState            super.onCreatesavedInstanceState       setContentViewR.layout.viewcountry        setUpViews       Bundle extras  getIntent.getExtras       rowID  extras.getLongCountryList.ROWID          private void setUpViews         nameTv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.nameText        capTv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.capText        timeTv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.timeText        codeTv  TextView findViewByIdR.id.codeText         Override    protected void onResume           super.onResume       new LoadContacts.executerowID          private class LoadContacts extends AsyncTaskltLong, Object, Cursorgt            DatabaseConnector dbConnector  new DatabaseConnectorViewCountry.this        Override       protected Cursor doInBackgroundLong... params                 dbConnector.open          return dbConnector.getOneContactparams[0]                Override       protected void onPostExecuteCursor result                 super.onPostExecuteresult           result.moveToFirst           get the column index for each data item          int nameIndex  result.getColumnIndexname          int capIndex  result.getColumnIndexcap          int codeIndex  result.getColumnIndexcode          int timeIndex  result.getColumnIndextime           nameTv.setTextresult.getStringnameIndex          capTv.setTextresult.getStringcapIndex          timeTv.setTextresult.getStringtimeIndex          codeTv.setTextresult.getStringcodeIndex           result.close          dbConnector.close                  Override    public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu            super.onCreateOptionsMenumenu       MenuInflater inflater  getMenuInflater       inflater.inflateR.menu.viewcountrymenu, menu       return true         Override    public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item            switch item.getItemId                 case R.id.editItem             Intent addEditContact                 new Intentthis, AddEditCountry.class              addEditContact.putExtraCountryList.ROWID, rowID             addEditContact.putExtraname, nameTv.getText             addEditContact.putExtracap, capTv.getText             addEditContact.putExtratime, timeTv.getText             addEditContact.putExtracode, codeTv.getText             startActivityaddEditContact              return true           case R.id.deleteItem             deleteContact             return true           default             return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem                 private void deleteContact            AlertDialog.Builder alert  new AlertDialog.BuilderViewCountry.this        alert.setTitleR.string.confirmTitle        alert.setMessageR.string.confirmMessage         alert.setPositiveButtonR.string.deletebtn,          new DialogInterface.OnClickListener                       public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int button                             final DatabaseConnector dbConnector                     new DatabaseConnectorViewCountry.this                 AsyncTaskltLong, Object, Objectgt deleteTask                    new AsyncTaskltLong, Object, Objectgt                                         Override                      protected Object doInBackgroundLong... params                                               dbConnector.deleteContactparams[0]                          return null                                              Override                      protected void onPostExecuteObject result                                               finish                                                           deleteTask.executenew Long[]  rowID                                                      alert.setNegativeButtonR.string.cancelbtn, null.show      codepre  pDATABASE CONNECTOR JAVAp  precodeimport android.content.ContentValues import android.content.Context import android.database.Cursor import android.database.SQLException import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase   public class DatabaseConnector   private static final String DBNAME  WorldCountries private SQLiteDatabase database private DatabaseOpenHelper dbOpenHelper  public DatabaseConnectorContext context      dbOpenHelper  new DatabaseOpenHelpercontext, DBNAME, null, 1      public void open throws SQLException            open database in readingwriting mode       database  dbOpenHelper.getWritableDatabase          public void close            if database  null          database.close                public void insertContactString name, String cap, String code, String time                            ContentValues newCon  new ContentValues               newCon.putname, name               newCon.putcap, cap               newCon.puttime, time               newCon.putcode, code                open               database.insertcountry, null, newCon               close                          public void updateContactlong id, String name, String cap,String code, String time                            ContentValues editCon  new ContentValues               editCon.putname, name               editCon.putcap, cap               editCon.puttime, time               editCon.putcode, code                open               database.updatecountry, editCon, id  id, null               close                          public Cursor getAllContacts                            return database.querycountry, new String[] id, name,                   null, null, null, null, name                         public Cursor getOneContactlong id                            return database.querycountry, null, id  id, null, null, null, null                         public void deleteContactlong id                            open                database.deletecountry, id  id, null               close              codepre  pDATABASE HELPER JAVAp  precodeimport android.content.Context import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.CursorFactory import android.database.sqlite.SQLiteOpenHelper  public class DatabaseOpenHelper extends SQLiteOpenHelper   public DatabaseOpenHelperContext context, String name,         CursorFactory factory, int version      supercontext, name, factory, version   Override public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db      String createQuery  CREATE TABLE country id integer primary key autoincrement,name, cap, code, time                      db.execSQLcreateQuery           Override public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, int oldVersion, int newVersion      codepre  pLOGCAT DATAp  precode0321 171724.276 IAdreno200EGLSUB8655 ltConfigWindowMatch2165gt Format RGBA8888. 0321 171724.276 Dmemalloc8655 ion Mapped buffer base0x5ca41000 size614400 offset0 fd57 0321 171724.276 E8655 Cant open file for reading 0321 171724.276 E8655 Cant open file for reading 0321 171724.376 Dmemalloc8655 ion Mapped buffer base0x5d12e000 size614400 offset0 fd61 0321 171726.188 DActivity8655 Activity.onPause, editTextTapSensorList size 0 0321 171726.268 IAdreno200EGLSUB8655 ltConfigWindowMatch2165gt Format  RGBA8888. 0321 171726.278 Dmemalloc8655 ion Mapped buffer base0x5d4ce000 size614400  offset0 fd68 0321 171726.318 Dmemalloc8655 ion Mapped buffer base0x5d937000 size614400 offset0 fd72 0321 171726.328 Dmemalloc8655 ion Unmapping buffer  base0x5ca41000 size614400 0321 171726.328 Dmemalloc8655 ion Unmapping buffer  base0x5d12e000 size614400 0321 171726.468 DActivity8655 Activity.onPause, editTextTapSensorList size 0 0321 171726.549 Dmemalloc8655 ion Mapped buffer base0x5c929000 size614400 offset0 fd54 0321 171726.619 WIInputConnectionWrapper8655 getExtractedText on inactive  InputConnection 0321 171726.639 WIInputConnectionWrapper8655 getExtractedText on inactive InputConnection 0321 171748.322 DActivity8655 Activity.onPause, editTextTapSensorList size 0 0321 171748.342 Wdalvikvm8655 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x410889d8 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655 java.lang.Error Unresolved compilation  problems  0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     timeEdit cannot be resolved or is not a field 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     TimePicker cannot be resolved to a  type 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     TimePicker cannot be resolved to a  type 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     TimePicker cannot be resolved to a  type 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at  com.nfc.linkingmanager.AddEditCountry.ltinitgtAddEditCountry.java19 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at java.lang.Class.newInstanceImplNative Method 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at  java.lang.Class.newInstanceClass.java1319 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at  android.app.Instrumentation.newActivityInstrumentation.java1025 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java1875 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java1985 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.app.ActivityThread.access600ActivityThread.java127 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1151 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4477 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at  java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at  com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java788 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at   com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java555 0321 171748.352 EAndroidRuntime8655     at  dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pPROBLEMSp  precode    Description Resource    Path    Location    Type user3SettingsSave cannot be resolved or is not a field  User3Settings.java  NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 35 Java Problem The import android.content.Context is never used    AppActivity.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 5  Java Problem The import android.view.View.OnClickListener is never used  AppActivity.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 13 Java Problem The value of the field AppActivity.button1 is not used  AppActivity.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 18 Java Problem The value of the field AppActivity.button2 is not used  AppActivity.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 18 Java Problem user3Tap cannot be resolved to a type   User3Settings.java  NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 40 Java Problem The value of the field AppActivity.button3 is not used  AppActivity.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 18 Java Problem TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 19 Java Problem TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 30 Java Problem TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 30 Java Problem The method deactivate from the type Cursor is deprecated  CountryList.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 52 Java Problem The constructor SimpleCursorAdapterContext, int, Cursor, String[], int[] is deprecated    CountryList.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 33 Java Problem The import android.app.AlertDialog is never used    User1.java  NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 4  Java Problem The import android.view.View.OnClickListener is never used  User1.java  NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 12 Java Problem The method deactivate from the type Cursor is deprecated  NewCore.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 54 Java Problem The constructor SimpleCursorAdapterContext, int, Cursor, String[], int[] is deprecated    NewCore.java    NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 35 Java Problem The import android.content.DialogInterface is never used    User1.java  NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 6  Java Problem The import android.widget.Button is never used  Link.java   NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 5  Java Problem The import android.content.Intent is never used Link.java   NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 6  Java Problem The import android.view.View.OnClickListener is never used  User1Settings.java  NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 10 Java Problem The import android.view.View is never used  Link.java   NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 7  Java Problem The import android.view.View.OnClickListener is never used  Link.java   NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 8  Java Problem TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 99 Java Problem TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 91 Java Problem TimePicker cannot be resolved to a type AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 41 Java Problem timeEdit cannot be resolved or is not a field   AddEditCountry.java NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager line 30 Java Problem The method showDialogint from the type Activity is deprecated User2Settings.java   NFC Linking Managersrccomnfclinkingmanager    line 37 Java Problem codepre
Negative 63 pcreate one page that displays a starting value, allows the user to input an additional value, calculate the new value, then display the new value with the same form, allowing the user to emagainem modify the value.  CODEp  precodeltpgt ltform nameinput actionindex.php methodgetgt         Type in a numberltinput typetext namexnumbergt  ltinput typesubmit valueSubmitgt  ltformgt  ltphp function calculatex, y     newnum  x  y   return newnum    multiply  GET[xnumber]  echo The new number is  . calculatenum, multiply  num  calculatenum, multiply  gt codepre  pHow do i get past the first calculation to update the new number and offer the form againp
Negative 63 pemstrong textemWhen show UIAlertView in iOS 6.1.2, app will get memory leaks like followingp  precodeNSDictionaryM 1   0x1e5c6000  32 Bytes    TextInput   92[TIResourcePathManager     fetchAssetsWithNamesforInputModesupdatingDictionarycontinuation]blockinvoke0 Malloc 16 Bytes 1   0x1e5d5320  16 Bytes    TextInput   92[TIResourcePathManager   fetchAssetsWithNamesforInputModesupdatingDictionarycontinuation]blockinvoke0 codepre  pCodes like following,p  precode voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      [tableView deselectRowAtIndexPathindexPath animatedYES]     if indexPath.row  1 ampamp indexPath.section  1          UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleTest messagenil delegatenil cancelButtonTitlecancel otherButtonTitlesok, nil]         [alert show]         [alert autorelease]  codepre  pSo whyp  pstrongPS. Maybe I forget to say that this UIAlertView may show many times one by one, so sometimes first time show the UIAlertView will okay,but when I try several times, the memory leaks will happen.strongp
Negative 63 pI want to create a button that mutes the audio from an AVPlayer.p  pWhy cant I use .volume with AVPlayer, only with AVAudioPlayer Is there another way to change the volumep  pe.g codemusic.volume  0.0codep  pThanks for your answers.p
Negative 63 pI wrote a URL monitor program in Go, but after a period of time I found many ESTABLISHED entries in codenetstat naogrep 80code.p  pThe getHttpStatusCode funcp  precode    HttpClient  amphttp.Client         Transport amphttp.Transport             Dial funcnetw, addr string net.Conn, error                  deadline  time.Now.Add30  time.Second                 c, err  net.DialTimeoutnetw, addr, 20time.Second                 if err  nil                      return nil, err                                   c.SetDeadlinedeadline                 c.SetReadDeadlinedeadline                 c.SetWriteDeadlinedeadline                 return c, nil             ,         ,        ...  func getHttpStatusCodeurl string int      if url            return 200           req, err  http.NewRequestGET, url, nil     if err  nil          return 0           req.Close  true     req.Header.AddUserAgent, Mozilla5.0 Macintosh Intel Mac OS X 1083 AppleWebKit537.17 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome24.0.1312.57 Safari537.17     resp, err  HttpClient.Doreq     if err  nil          return 0           defer resp.Body.Close     return resp.StatusCode  codepre  pI checked the Go manual and dont find something like req.Close and just defer resp.Body.Close.p  pHere is the output of codenetstat nao  grep 80codep  blockquote   ptcp  1343352  0 192.168.2.3329581  220.181.155.1980 ESTABLISHED off 0.0000p blockquote  pAnd the output of codetcpdump tcp port 80codep  precode143254.085095 IP 113.12.80.13.http gt wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.39174 Flags [.], seq 1737618824, ack 1, win 42, options [nop,nop,TS val 4236145017 ecr 204896351], length 1448 143254.109206 IP wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.25834 gt 220.181.90.8.http Flags [S], seq 714805337, win 14600, options [mss 1460,sackOK,TS val 204896416 ecr 0,nop,wscale 9], length 0 143254.223349 IP 220.181.155.22.http gt wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.19262 Flags [.], seq 864939135864940583, ack 1630899997, win 42, options [nop,nop,TS val 1570834172 ecr 204896529], length 1448 143254.223352 IP wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.19262 gt 220.181.155.22.http Flags [.], ack 1448, win 1301, options [nop,nop,TS val 204896530 ecr 1570834172], length 0 143254.223432 IP 220.181.155.10.http gt wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.27376 Flags [.], seq 38893716843889373132, ack 1106685068, win 42, options [nop,nop,TS val 3866364254 ecr 204896529], length 1448 143254.223436 IP wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.27376 gt 220.181.155.10.http Flags [.], ack 1448, win 594, options [nop,nop,TS val 204896530 ecr 3866364254], length 0 143254.275774 IP 121.12.101.130.http gt wk0mysql.KIDC90805.zw.63329 Flags [.], seq 13144756291314477089, ack 642951590, win 54, length 1460 codepre
Negative 63 pI have the following tablep  pre  Player   Game  Status        Player01 GameA uncompleted  Player02 GameA uncompleted  Player03 GameC completed    Player04 GameA uncompleted  Player05 GameB completed    Player06 GameB completed    Player07 GameA uncompleted  Player08 GameA completed    Player09 GameC uncompleted  Player10 GameB completed    Player11 GameB uncompleted  Player12 GameA completed    .....  pre  pand want to display number of players and number of players completed the game for each gamep  pre  Game  Number of PlayersCompleted   GameA  6                2         GameB  4                3         GameC  2                1         ...  pre  pWhat is the simplest SQL select command to perform that task Thank you.p
Negative 63 pI try to reset my canvas and I use this code for CanvasView.java the function clear does nothing and I dont know where is the problem. When I try to click the trash button I recive just message Deletedp  precodepublic class CanvasView extends View  private static final float STROKEWIDTH  5f private static final float HALFSTROKEWIDTH  STROKEWIDTH2 Paint erasePaint  new Paint Paint paint  new Paint Path path  new Path  float lastTouchX,lastTouchY  AlertDialog.Builder alert  RectF ovalRectangle  new RectF RectF dirtyRect  new RectF  MyRectangle myRectangle MyOval myOval MyCircle myCircle MyFreehand myFreehand  MyLine myLine MyEraser myEraser  ListltMyErasergt eraserList  new ArrayListltMyErasergt ListltMyLinegt lineList  new ArrayListltMyLinegt ListltMyFreehandgt freehandList   new ArrayListltMyFreehandgt ListltMyCirclegt circleList  new ArrayListltMyCirclegt ListltMyOvalgt ovalList  new ArrayListltMyOvalgt ListltMyRectanglegt rectangleList  new ArrayListltMyRectanglegt    public boolean dashedLine  false public DashPathEffect dashEffect  new DashPathEffectnew float[]20,30, 0 private Paint mBitmapPaint private Bitmap mBitmap   public String textValue  public CanvasViewContext context, AttributeSet attrs      supercontext, attrs     setBackgroundColorColor.WHITE       if android.os.Build.VERSION.SDKINT gt 11               turnOffHardwareAcc            erasePaint.setColorColor.WHITE     erasePaint.setXfermodenew PorterDuffXfermodePorterDuff.Mode.CLEAR      erasePaint.setAntiAliastrue     erasePaint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE     erasePaint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND     erasePaint.setStrokeWidth12      paint.setColorColor.BLACK     paint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE      paint.setAntiAliastrue     paint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND     paint.setStrokeWidthSTROKEWIDTH     paint.setTextSize34      setMode7default  7  free hand      mBitmap  Bitmap.createBitmap320, 480, Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888     mBitmapPaint  new PaintPaint.DITHERFLAG       input dialog       setInputDialog   EditText input public void setInputDialog      alert  new AlertDialog.BuildergetContext     alert.setTitleTitle     alert.setMessageWrite text       Set an EditText view to get user input      input  new EditTextgetContext     alert.setViewinput      alert.setPositiveButtonOk, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener      public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int whichButton           textValue input.getText.toString          Toast.makeTextgetContext, textValue, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show        Do something with value                  alert.setNegativeButtonCancel, new DialogInterface.OnClickListener        public void onClickDialogInterface dialog, int whichButton           Canceled.                  alert.show    public void setDashLine      dashedLine  true     paint  new Paint     paint.setPathEffectdashEffect     paint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE     paint.setAntiAliastrue     paint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND     paint.setStrokeWidthSTROKEWIDTH   public void setNormalLine     paint.setColorColor.BLACK     dashedLine  false      paint.setPathEffectnull     paint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE     paint.setPathEffectnull     paint.setAntiAliastrue     paint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND     paint.setStrokeWidthSTROKEWIDTH   TargetApi11 public void turnOffHardwareAcc  to enable dashed lines       this.setLayerTypeView.LAYERTYPESOFTWARE, null   public void setPaintint color,  TargetApi11 protected void onDrawCanvas canvas  paint.setPathEffectnull   ifbitmapnull      canvas.drawBitmapbitmap, 0, 0, paint      forMyCircle circlecircleList draw circles           myCanvas.drawCirclegetCircleMidPointXcircle.firstX, circle.lastX,getCircleMidPointYcircle.firstY, circle.lastY,circle.radius,myPaint            forMyLine linelineList draw lines      ifdashedLine          line.paint.setPathEffectdashEffect      else          line.paint.setPathEffectnull         canvas.drawLineline.xStart, line.yStart, line.xEnd, line.yEnd, line.paint      forMyCircle circlecircleList draw circles       canvas.drawCirclegetCircleMidPointXcircle.firstX, circle.lastX,getCircleMidPointYcircle.firstY, circle.lastY,circle.radius,paint     forMyOval ovalovalList      oval.paint.setPathEffectnull         ovalRectangle.setoval.getX1,oval.getY1,oval.getX2,oval.getY2        canvas.drawOvalovalRectangle, oval.paint     forMyRectangle rectanglerectangleList      rectangle.paint.setPathEffectnull            canvas.drawRectrectangle.getX1,rectangle.getY1,rectangle.getX2,rectangle.getY2,rectangle.paint       forMyEraser eeraserList         canvas.drawPathe.p,erasePaint         invalidate    iftextValue null      canvas.drawTexttextValue, xStart, yStart, paint  canvas.drawPathpath, paint  path.reset     final OnTouchListener drawLineListener  new OnTouchListener      public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event           FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE          switch event.getAction            case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN               myLine  new MyLine               myLine.xStart  event.getX               myLine.yStart  event.getY              return true            case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE           case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP             myLine.xEnd  event.getX             myLine.yEnd  event.getY             invalidate             lineList.addmyLine              break            default             Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString             return false                  return true         final OnTouchListener drawDashedLineListener  new OnTouchListener      public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event           FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE          switch event.getAction            case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN              return true            case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE           case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP              break            default             Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString             return false                  return true         final OnTouchListener drawCircleListener  new OnTouchListener      public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event           FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE          float eventX  event.getX         float eventY  event.getY            switch event.getAction            case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN              path.moveToeventX, eventY               Toast.makeTextgetContext, action down  circle,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show               myCircle  new MyCircle               myCircle.firstX  eventX               myCircle.firstY  eventY               There is no end point yet, so dont waste cycles invalidating.             return true            case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE            case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP             myCircle.lastX  eventX             myCircle.lastY  eventY              myCircle.radius  getRadiusmyCircle.firstX,myCircle.firstY,myCircle.lastX,myCircle.lastY              circleList.addmyCircle              invalidate             break            default             Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString             return false            return true         final OnTouchListener drawOvalListener  new OnTouchListener          public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event               FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE              switch event.getAction                case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                 myOval  new MyOval                 myOval.setX1event.getX                 myOval.setY1event.getY                  There is no end point yet, so dont waste cycles invalidating.                 return true                case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE               case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP                    myOval.setX2event.getX                   myOval.setY2event.getY                    invalidate                   ovalList.addmyOval                default                 Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString                 return false                              final OnTouchListener drawRectangleListener  new OnTouchListener           public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event               FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE              switch event.getAction                case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                   myRectangle  new MyRectangle                   myRectangle.setX1event.getX                   myRectangle.setY1event.getY                 return true                case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE                case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP                    myRectangle.setX2event.getX                   myRectangle.setY2event.getY                   invalidate                   rectangleList.addmyRectangle                  break                default                 Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString                 return false                            return true            final OnTouchListener eraseListener  new OnTouchListener       public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event         erasePaint.setXfermodenew PorterDuffXfermodePorterDuff.Mode.CLEAR         FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE          switch event.getAction            case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN              myEraser  new MyEraser               lastTouchX  event.getX               lastTouchY  event.getY               myEraser.mouseDownevent.getX, event.getY               return true            case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE           case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP               resetDirtyRectevent.getX,event.getY               int historySize  event.getHistorySize               forint i0ilthistorySizei                   float historicalX  event.getHistoricalXi                   float historicalY  event.getHistoricalYi                   expandDirtyRecthistoricalX, historicalY                    myEraser.mouseUphistoricalX, historicalY                            myEraser.mouseUpevent.getX, event.getY               eraserList.addmyEraser              break            default             Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString             return false                     invalidate                 int dirtyRect.left  HALFSTROKEWIDTH,                 int dirtyRect.top  HALFSTROKEWIDTH,                 int dirtyRect.right  HALFSTROKEWIDTH,                 int dirtyRect.bottom  HALFSTROKEWIDTH              lastTouchX  event.getX             lastTouchY  event.getY        return true        final OnTouchListener drawFreeHandListener  new OnTouchListener       public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event           FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE          float eventX  event.getX         float eventY  event.getY          switch event.getAction            case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN               path.reset             path.moveToeventX, eventY             lastTouchX  eventX             lastTouchY  eventY              There is no end point yet, so dont waste cycles invalidating.             return true            case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE           case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP              Start tracking the dirty region.             resetDirtyRecteventX, eventY               When the hardware tracks events faster than they are delivered, the              event will contain a history of those skipped points.             int historySize  event.getHistorySize             for int i  0 i lt historySize i                float historicalX  event.getHistoricalXi               float historicalY  event.getHistoricalYi               expandDirtyRecthistoricalX, historicalY               path.lineTohistoricalX, historicalY                            After replaying history, connect the line to the touch point.             path.lineToeventX, eventY             path.reset             break            default             Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString             return false                    Include half the stroke width to avoid clipping.         invalidate             int dirtyRect.left  HALFSTROKEWIDTH,             int dirtyRect.top  HALFSTROKEWIDTH,             int dirtyRect.right  HALFSTROKEWIDTH,             int dirtyRect.bottom  HALFSTROKEWIDTH          lastTouchX  eventX         lastTouchY  eventY          return true        float xStart,yStart final OnTouchListener textListener  new OnTouchListener       public boolean onTouchView v, MotionEvent event          FirstActivity.ll.setVisibilityLinearLayout.GONE        Toast.makeTextgetContext, add some text, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show           switch event.getAction            case MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN                              setInputDialog               xStart  event.getX               yStart  event.getY               alert.show             break            case MotionEvent.ACTIONMOVE           case MotionEvent.ACTIONUP               setInputDialog                   break            default             Log.dmock it up, Unknown touch event    event.toString             return false                    return true           Called when replaying history to ensure the dirty region includes all   points.   private void expandDirtyRectfloat historicalX, float historicalY    if historicalX lt dirtyRect.left      dirtyRect.left  historicalX    else if historicalX gt dirtyRect.right      dirtyRect.right  historicalX      if historicalY lt dirtyRect.top      dirtyRect.top  historicalY    else if historicalY gt dirtyRect.bottom      dirtyRect.bottom  historicalY         Resets the dirty region when the motion event occurs.   private void resetDirtyRectfloat eventX, float eventY      The lastTouchX and lastTouchY were set when the ACTIONDOWN    motion event occurred.   dirtyRect.left  Math.minlastTouchX, eventX   dirtyRect.right  Math.maxlastTouchX, eventX   dirtyRect.top  Math.minlastTouchY, eventY   dirtyRect.bottom  Math.maxlastTouchY, eventY    public void setModeint mode     switchmode     case 1draw line         Toast.makeTextgetContext, draw line, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         setOnTouchListenerdrawLineListener         break     case 2draw dashed line         Toast.makeTextgetContext, dashed line, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         break     case 3 draw circle         setOnTouchListenerdrawCircleListener         break     case 4 draw oval         setOnTouchListenerdrawOvalListener         break     case 5 draw rectangle         setOnTouchListenerdrawRectangleListener         break     case 6 erase         setOnTouchListenereraseListener         break     case 7 freehand         setOnTouchListenerdrawFreeHandListener         break     case 8         setOnTouchListenertextListener         break        private Bitmap bitmap private Canvas myCanvas public Paint myPaint  public void setImageBitmap b     Toast.makeTextgetContext, set Bitmap,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show     bitmap  b.copyBitmap.Config.ARGB8888, true     myCanvas  new Canvasbitmap      myPaint  new Paint     myPaint.setColorColor.YELLOW     myPaint.setAntiAliastrue     myPaint.setStrokeWidth8      invalidate   public void changeColorint color     paint  new Paintpaint     paint.setColorcolor     myPaint.setColorcolor   public float getRadiusfloat x1,float y1,float x2,float y2       float r  float Math.sqrtdoubleMath.powy2y1, 2.0Math.powx2x1, 2.02       return r     public float getCircleMidPointXfloat x1,float x2       return x1x22     public float getCircleMidPointYfloat y1,float y2       return y1y22     public void clear       TODO Autogenerated method stub       mBitmapPaint  new PaintPaint.DITHERFLAG       mBitmap  Bitmap.createBitmap320,480,Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888       myCanvas  new CanvasmBitmap         myPaint  new Paint       myPaint.setAntiAliastrue       myPaint.setDithertrue       myPaint.setStylePaint.Style.STROKE       myPaint.setStrokeJoinPaint.Join.ROUND       myPaint.setStrokeCapPaint.Cap.ROUND       myPaint.setStrokeWidth0       invalidate       lineList.clear       circleList.clear       rectangleList.clear       eraserList.clear       ovalList.clear       freehandList.clear   codepre  pp
Negative 63 pWhat is the best way to upload a file to a node.js server  New to node, so I want to make sure I use an existing library without having to reinvent the wheel. Any tips p
Negative 63 pIm attempting a CSS layout of three divs stacked vertically. The top and bottom divs are slanted. The body is horizontal and meant to fluctuate in size with the content that loads. Ive been able to get this working in all modern browsers except IE 9. Ive attempted to overlap the divs to cover the grey line. That works, but since Im working with opacity, the divs darken where they overlap and thats just as bad. Would appreciate any help.p  pThe line img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6OMXI.png altenter image description herep  pSample Codep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltstylegt div width 200px left 300px   height 200px position relative backgroundcolor rgba 0, 26, 159, 0.7  top transform skew8deg, 0deg mstransform skew8deg, 0deg left 314px  bottom transform skew8deg, 0deg mstransform skew8deg, 0deg left 286px  middle height auto  ltstylegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idtopgtltdivgt ltdiv idmiddlegt Test textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest  textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gt Test textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtTest textltbr gtT ltdivgt ltdiv idbottomgtltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to pass a function as an argument in C. I keep getting a LNK2019 unresolved external symbol error.p  pIve read about these, and have fixed these in the past, but i cant figure out what im doing wrong here. p  h1main.ccph1  pThe error seems to occur with my TreeItemType reference within my display function.p  precodeinclude PhoneBook.h   include PhoneEntry.h   include bst.h    using namespace std   using namespace p04NS    void displayTreeItemTypeamp item  int main       PhoneEntry test  PhoneEntryfirst, last, 6185800680     bst  tree  new bst      TreeItemType foo  TreeItemType  test type reference, no error      treegtinserttest      treegtinorderdisplay      systempause     return 0   void displayTreeItemTypeamp item     cout ltlt hello worlds  codepre  h1bst.hh1  pThe TreeItemType typedef is defined here.p  precodenamespace p04NS       typedef PhoneEntry TreeItemType     typedef string KeyType       Pointer to a function that can be used to display the item.     typedef void FunctionTypeconst TreeItemTypeamp item      class bst  some codez     codepre  h1Debugging notesh1  pI tried using this type in main, and received no error. Also, whether it errors whether or not i comment out the usage of the function. So it appears to be an issue with my function definition, and not its usage. p  pAny help is appreciated. Thanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI have lots of JPG images that should be embedded into the resulting PDF. They have quite a big resolution and are about 510MB each. I want to embed them into PDF as a preview and Im using a fittoscale XSLFO attribute. Images appear in PDF correctly resized, but the size of the resulting PDF is quite big, basically the sum of all image sizes. Im curious what is the best way possible ways to reduce PDF size without preprocessing images in a separate step before generating PDF so that the PDF size is about the sum of sizes of all images if they were as small as they appear in PDF p  pMany thanksp
Negative 63 pJToolBar can be attached and detached from the frame or panel into a separate window.  So I want to use it as set of emergency commands and indicators. The problem is when detached if you minimize the frame to which it belongs , the toolbar also minimizes , I want for it to stay on the screen.p
Negative 63 pSo I dont expect anyone to read the entire migration guides, but I am stuck at a point and right now Jira has been less than responsive to my issue. Here is the guides a hrefhttpgodvcs.atlassian.comdisplayaodMigratingfromSubversiontoGitonBitbucket relnofollowhttpgodvcs.atlassian.comdisplayaodMigratingfromSubversiontoGitonBitbucketap  pI am migrating our JiraSVN to BitBucketGit and Jira has provided a migration guide. I am stuck at the Sync portion. Basically if you dont want to read the guides the process isp  ol liDownload the SVN dump fileli liBuild a git clone of itli liSync new SVN commits to the clone until you are ready to upload. FetchRebaseli liUpload the project to Git Bitbucketli ol  pI downloaded the dump and have my clones, but the guides say to run a codegit svn fetchcode. When I do this on projects that I KNOW for sure have commits after I made the dump file, nothing really happens as far as I can tell. There is no output during the codefetchcode or the coderebasecode and no new files are added to my physical local git repo, so it looks like the fetch isnt getting anything.p  pI know some of this is based on Jiras migration.jar file, so maybe some magic happens under the hood, but the fetch simply isnt getting anything. p  pMy ignorant thought is that its fetching from codesvnlocalhostreposcode which is where the initial clone came from. That is the folder where the dump was essentially extracted too. The migration guides dont say so, but I feel like I need to somehow tell it to fetch from my remote repo on Jiras servers. I was thinking somehow in the .jar file its indicating to do that, but as far as I can tell, it fetches nothing.p  pAlso note, I have to have codesvnservecode running to run the fetch. If I do the fetch without codesvnservecode running I get an error. This leads me to believe its looking locally at my out of date dump and note remotely at the actual new commits on the cloud server.p  pAny thoughts on where to start Has anyone else completed this process with any luck. Im on Windows. Also, my repos that I know are old and have no new commits were uploaded successfully to Bitbucket so I think for the most part I am doing everything right.p
Negative 63 pConsider this example classp  precodepublic class Processor    private final Dependency dependency    public ProcessorDependency dependency      this.dependency  dependency       public void processUsersListltIntegergt userIds, int attempt      if attempt  0        log initial processing      else if attempt gt 0 ampamp attempt lt 5        log retry processing      else        log processing limit exceeded       return          ListltIntegergt failedIds  new ArrayListltIntegergt     for Integer userId  userIds        try          processUseruserId        catch Exception ex          logging         failedIds.adduserId                 if failedIds.isEmpty        log ok      else        processUsersfailedIds, attempt  1            public void processUserInteger userId throws Exception     dependency can throw exception     dependency.call     codepre  pI would like to verify that method codeprocessUserscode calls itself when exception is thrown. Here is my testy testp  precodepublic class ProcessorTest    Test   public void processShouldCallItselfWithFailedSublistWhenProcessingFails     Dependency dependency  mockDependency.class     whendependency.call.thenThrowException.class     Processor processor  new Processordependency     processor.processUsersArrays.asListnew Integer[]1,2,3, 0     need to verify processor will call processUsers recursively     because the dependency thrown Exception, how     codepre  pWhat are best practices for verifying that method calls itself recursively under certain circumstancesp  pIm using TestNG  Mockito and this verbose language called codeJAVAcodep
Negative 63 pI create application with feature shared with facebook I use this code for make a facebook sharingp  precode[facebookViewController setInitialText[NSString stringWithFormatvia , self.randomGame.name]] NSLog, self.resultImageView.image [facebookViewController addImageself.resultImageView.image] [facebookViewController setCompletionHandlerSLComposeViewControllerResult result     if result  SLComposeViewControllerResultCancelled          NSLogDialog Did Cancel      ]  [self presentViewControllerfacebookViewController animatedYES completionnil] codepre  pI already have allocationinitialization facebookViewController object with SLComposeViewController.p  pfirst time I share there is no problem. But, I share second time I get a shadow screen like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKzzaq.png altenter image description herep  pcan anyone help  Thanks for advance.p
Negative 63 pI have created a table with a default column value codemalecodep  precodeCREATE TABLE Persons   name varchar20,    age int,    sex varchar5 default male codepre  pInsert statement 1p  precodeINSERT INTO Persons valuesBob, 20 codepre  pInsert statement 2p  precodeINSERT INTO Personsname,sex valuesBob, 20 codepre  pWhen I try to insert the values into codePersonscode table using the insert statement 1, I get the error shown belowp  blockquote   pcolumn name or number of supplied values does not match table definitionp blockquote  pBut when I insert into codePersonscode using statement 2, it successfully executes. p  pCan some please explain why this happensp
Negative 63 pI know how to take a regular rectangular screenshots of the iPhoneiPad screen code below. However, Im looking for a way to get a screenshot that is rotated by an arbitrary number of degreesp  pstrongHow can I take a screenshot of codeUIViewcode using a rectangle that is rotated arbitrarilystrongp  precode    this is the rotation of the rectangle         NSNumber savedRotation  [NSNumber numberWithFloat 0.35] radians, get the real number from a gesture recognizer          create a screenshot         CGSize screenshotSize  screenshot size has to be adjusted for the rotation, or multiplied by the square root of 2         if UIDeviceOrientationIsLandscape[[UIApplication sharedApplication]statusBarOrientation]                      screenshotSize    CGSizeMake1024,768         else                      screenshotSize    CGSizeMake768, 1024                    if [[UIScreen mainScreen] respondsToSelectorselectorscale]             UIGraphicsBeginImageContextWithOptionsscreenshotSize, NO, [UIScreen mainScreen].scale           else             UIGraphicsBeginImageContextscreenshotSize          CGContextRef context  UIGraphicsGetCurrentContext         CGContextSaveGStatecontext      this does the proper rotation, but theres some kind of extra translation required to make it capture whats under the rectangle         CGContextRotateCTMcontext, savedRotation.floatValue         [self.view.layer renderInContextUIGraphicsGetCurrentContext]           UIImage screenshot  UIGraphicsGetImageFromCurrentImageContext          CGContextRestoreGStatecontext codepre  pHeres the result of the code above, it seems to partially work, but requires some extra translation of the CTM to perfectly match the capture rectangle. Additionally, I need to change the bounds of the context to be wider  probably 1024  sqrt2 width and height to allow for any rotation without clipping.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJqTtO.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI read the MapReduce wiki page, and I dont think I fully understand. I understand that the queries are split into a map step and a reduce step. So to take advantage of this, we should use codeGROUP BYcodes more and move the work from the map step to the reduce step. Im not really sure how does this work. It seems so magical. I want to know a set of guidelines for writing a SQL query to take advantage of the MapReduce. p  pHow do I know which clauses are in the map step or reduce step What is the theory behind it I want to understand the theory and its inner workings, so that I can write better queries.p
Negative 63 pI download an image using wget and using php imagick for create thumbnail version of image. My image is thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comScWIz.jpg altenter image description herep  pAs you see my image download but as corrupted image. how can i figure it out using php imagick this image corrupted.p
Negative 63 pWhile using Map as a function argument, only values for 3 keys are populated. However when this function is invoked in another function, the user populates values for initial 2 keys and he does not require 3rd key to be assigned with any value. However if 3rd key is not assigned any value then, the 3rd key is display null value. p  pIs there any way to avoid this. if user does not assign any value to 3rd key, it must be empty instead of null value.p  precode     public String setMapValuesMapltString,Stringgt testMap throws Exception        String str      str testMap.geta     strtestMap.getb     strtestMap.getc      infostr      return str           public void run throws Exception           LinkedHashMapltString,Stringgt myMap  new LinkedHashMapltString,Stringgt     myMap.puta, James     myMap.putb, Bond     this.setMapValuesmyMap  codepre  pThe function calls displays JamesBondnull as the output, instead it should only display JamesBond as the output by ignoringskipping the null at the end.p
Negative 63 pI built a site that stores Service Mechanic customers to a db. It has function to update an entry. I had one Drop down select field working fine and it still does. But the second one I added after the fact returns only blank for information.p  pHere is my code.p  precodeincludeconnect.php  tablecurrentJobs tableMaparrayDate,Name,Phone,BikeYear,BikeModel,CurrentStatus,SType,Mechanic,Revenue,Notes  sqlArrayarray  foreach tableMap AS key     sqlArray[].key..mysqlrealescapestringPOST[key],dbLink.   sqlUPDATE .table. SET .join,,sqlArray. WHERE id.POST[id].  if mysqlquerysql,dbLink     echo Data for ltigt .POST[Name].ltigt was successfully updated ltbr gt.sql..  else      echo Sorry, could not process the following sql ltbr gtltcodegt.sql.ltcodegt     echo mysqlerrnodbLink .   . mysqlerrordbLink. n   mysqlclosedbLink codepre  pIt is returning thisp  precodeData for Test User was successfully updated  UPDATE currentJobs SET Date04142013,NameTest User,Phone1234567890,BikeYear2001,BikeModelFXD,CurrentStatusChecked In,SType,MechanicAll,Revenue0,Notes WHERE id55. codepre  pMy Form looks like thisp  precodeltform actionupdated.php methodPOST namedataForm iddataFormgt ltfieldsetgt     ltinput typehidden nameid valueltphp echo row[id] gtgt     ltlabelgtArrivalltinput typetext nameDate valueltphp echo row[Date] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtNameltinput typetext nameName valueltphp echo row[Name] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtPhone Numberltinput typetext namePhone valueltphp echo row[Phone] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtBike Yearltinput typetext nameBikeYear valueltphp echo row[BikeYear] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtBike Modelltinput typetext nameBikeModel valueltphp echo row[BikeModel] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtCurrent StatusltUpdate Status types on two pagesgt         ltselect nameCurrentStatus formdataForm valueltphp echo row[CurrentStatus] gtgt             ltoption valueChecked IngtChecked Inltoptiongt             ltoption valueInline For ServicegtInline For Serviceltoptiongt             ltoption valueIn ServicegtIn Serviceltoptiongt             ltoption valueOn Hold  Parts on OrdergtOn Hold  Parts on Orderltoptiongt             ltoption valueOn Hold  Parts to PaintgtOn Hold  Parts to Paintltoptiongt             ltoption valueOn Hold  Waiting To Hear From CustomergtOn Hold  Waiting To Hear From Customerltoptiongt             ltoption valueTest RidegtTest Rideltoptiongt             ltoption valueCompleted  Awaiting Pick UpgtCompleted  Awaiting Pick Upltoptiongt             ltoption valuePicked UpgtPicked Upltoptiongt         ltselectgt     ltlabelgtltbr gt     ltupdate Service Type in two pages.gt     ltlabelgtService Typeltlabelgt         ltselect nameSType form valueltphp echo row[SType] gtgt             ltoption valueSpec Service IntervalgtSpec Service Intervalltoptiongt             ltoption valueInterim ServicegtInterim Serviceltoptiongt             ltoption valueDiagnosticsgtDiagnosticsltoptiongt             ltoption valueTiresgtTiresltoptiongt             ltoption valueEngine Light Work 13 hrsgtEngine Light Work 13 hrsltoptiongt             ltoption valueEngine Medium Work 38 hrsgtEngine Medium Work 38 hrsltoptiongt             ltoption valueEngine Heavy Work 824 hrsgtEngine Heavy Work 824 hrsltoptiongt             ltoption valueDrivetrain LightgtDrivetrain Lightltoptiongt             ltoption valueDrivetrain  HeavygtDrivetrain  Heavyltoptiongt             ltoption valueDyno TunegtDyno Tuneltoptiongt         ltselectgt     ltbr gt     ltlabelgtMechanic Assignedltinput typetext nameMechanic valueltphp echo row[Mechanic] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtFinal Revenueltinput typetext nameRevenue valueltphp echo row[Revenue] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltlabelgtNotesltinput typetext nameNotes valueltphp echo row[Notes] gtgtltlabelgtltbr gt     ltinput typesubmit valueUpdate stylecolor000000 gt ltfieldsetgt codepre  pp  pWhy will the second select not send datap
Negative 63 pI have a knockout observable array containing data of a persons past medical problems. I created a Jquery Range Slider whose minimum range is his Birth year while max range is Current Year. When  User slides through the slider, the only those medical problems should be viewed which fall in the range.p  pSo far I have accomplished to view the medical problems if the range is saved in the div, But I am unable to make it work with the slider.p  pHere is the fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netbX9pP relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netbX9pPap  pThats the viewmodel codep  precodevar viewModel       one  ko.observableArray[              HistoryIcon imgSurgeon.png,         HistoryItem Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy,         HistoryItemVenue Dr.Rao Khan KRL Hospital,         Date 16th May 2013,         Year 2013,         Tag None     ,              HistoryIcon imghaayeoye,         HistoryItem Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy,         HistoryItemVenue Dr.Rao Khan KRL Hospital,         Date 16th May 2011,         Year 2011,         Tag None     ,              HistoryIcon imgamedicalpotpills.png,         HistoryItem Symbicort, 50mgsPainRelief,         HistoryItemVenue Prescribed by Dr.Jay Rajpoot Shifa Intl Hospital,         Date 16th May 2012,         Year 2012,         Tag None,              HistoryIcon imgamedicalpotpills.png,         HistoryItem Symbicort, 50mgsPainRelief,         HistoryItemVenue Prescribed by Dr.Jay Rajpoot Shifa Intl Hospital,         Date 16th May 2015,         Year 2015,         Tag None     ]  ko.applyBindingsviewModel codepre  pThats the script to get div elements innerHTMLp  precodevar tempdocument.getElementByIds1.innerHTML var temp1document.getElementByIds2.innerHTML codepre  pThe Slider Script Codep  precodefunction       sliderrange .slider  Slider Jq ui        range true, Range Slider       min 1960, Minimum Value       max 2013, Maximum Value       step 1, Steps       values [ 1960, 2013 ], Initial Value          change function event, ui   When slides                s1 .html ui.values[ 0 ]      ui.values[ 1 ] Values append to div, [0] being min , [1] being max                s2 .html ui.values[ 0 ]      ui.values[ 1 ] Values append to div, [0] being min , [1] being max            s1 .html ui.values[ 1 ]            s2 .html ui.values[ 0 ]                    codepre  pFinally, the HTML codep  precodeltdiv ids1gt2012ltdivgt ltdiv ids2gt2013ltdivgt  ltdiv  idsliderrangegtltdivgt  ltdiv databindforeach onegt     lt ko if Year lt temp1 ampamp Year gt temp   gt     ltdiv classspan4 databindtext Date gtltdivgt     ltdiv classspan4 databindtext HistoryIcon gtltdivgt     lt ko gt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI would like to run an application call it firefox on my work machine.  The problem is that I need to do some complicated ssh tunelling to get access to it as access to the machine is blocked from the outside and some ports are also blocked internally.  So I do the following.p  precodessh v L 1200serverC22 userserverB locally ssh v L 5900127.0.0.15900 p 1200 userfromserverC127.0.0.1 locally x11vnc safer localhost nopw once display 0 on serverC vinagre localhost5900 locally codepre  pI then run firefox say in the vnc window that opens and it all works.p  pHowever I would like to have a bash script that does this for me. How can I automate itp  pThere are two problems.p  ol liI need to stay logged in after each ssh above for the tunelling to work so a simple bash script just stops after the first step.li liI dont know how to get an application to run automatically in a vnc window.li ol  pIdeally I would just type .remotefirefox for example locally to get all this to happen.p
Negative 63 pI recently installed eclipse on my mac and I was fooling around with it in class. I keep getting misplaced construct errors on my first print line and a bunch on syntax error on my main declaration. Im not really sure whats up.p  precode import static java.lang.System.out  import java.util.Scanner    public static void main string args[]      double a, b, c, d, e, f  Scanner input  new Scanner out.println Please enter the first number  a  imput.nextDouble out.printlnPlease enter the second number  b  imput.nextDouble out.println Please enter the third number   c  imput.nextDouble out.println Please enter in fourth number   d  imput.nextDouble out.println Please enter in fifth number   e  imput.nextDouble     double sum  a  b  c  d  e codepre  pp  pThis isnt finished but as far as I can see I have values for all my variables and everything is closed the way it should be.p
Negative 63 pI have a class as below where permission ids of the pages are defined. Passing the permission ids I get the permissions from the database.p  precodepublic class PermissionIdConstants    public class SubMenus        public class MySubMenu1       public const int TRAINING  26       public const int USERINFO  3           public class MySubMenu2       public const int TASKS  2       public const int USERINFO  5               codepre  pNow based on which submenu is clicked I have to pass the permission ids to  a method as belowp  pWhen SubMenu2 UserInfo is clickedp  precodegetPermissionsPermissionIdConstants.SubMenus.MySubMenu2 codepre  pWhen SubMenu1 UserInfo is clickedp  precodegetPermissionsPermissionIdConstants.SubMenus.MySubMenu1 codepre  pNow I wanted to know if the submneu can be passed dynamically. Somethig similar to p  precodegetPermissionsPermissionIdConstants.SubMenus.  mysubmenu  codepre  pIf it was enum i could have used Enum.parse. But i am not so sure if this can be done here.p
Negative 63 pConsider the following codep  precodeint lastItemIndex  mlistbox.ItemsSource.Count  1 var groupItem  mlistbox.ItemsSource[lastItemIndex] as GroupedObservableCollectionltScheduleItem, DateTimegt codepre  pIn a multithreaded environment like WPFSilverlightWP, is there any way to ensure that the lastItemIndex really is the last item index on the second rowp
Negative 63 pI understand that ASP.NET uses worker threads to listen for page requests.  I am trying to track down a bug in an application.p  pA user accesses a webpage i.e. page1.aspx.  This page takes twenty seconds to load.  If after ten seconds they open another browser and access the page again leaving the other browser window open and loading the webpage, then I assume that the second request for page1.aspx will not start generating on the server until the first request for page1 is sent back to the client i.e. there is only one worker thread per user sessionp  pI have spent some time investigating and have found many posts about what worker threads and IO threads are, however I have not found an answer to my specific question.p
Negative 63 pI am writing a c program that simulates the linux shell.p  pIn order to implement io redirection using redirection symbol i.e. the  symbol, i make use of freopen to replace stdout with file specified by the user. If say the command isp  precodeenviron gt bla.txt codepre  pMy shell will print out the environment variables into bla.txt file instead of stdout.p  pHowever, instead of creating bla.txt file, the file created is bla.txt.p  pCan anyone solve the mystery behind the  appended to the filenamep  pHeres the code for the io redirection onlyp  precode char inFile     pidt pid       int rc           keep reading input until quit command or eof of redirected input  while feofstdin        get command line from input      if fgets buf, MAXBUFFER, stdin      read a line                inFile  strstrbuf, gt           look for redirection arrow gt in the command         ifinFile  NULL                                       pid  fork              ifpid  0                                             freopen inFile2, w, stdout                 else ifpid  1                       syserrfork                  else                 waitpidpid,amprc,0                         codepre  pI have tried googling the solution but cant find anything. I have also tried looking at other stackoverflow question, but cant find answer.p  pThanks.      p
Negative 63 pSometimes we have to keep very many small files in our project e.g. isomorphics smart client. its about 10k small files. there is a problem with svn i dont know how git handles it, copying, packaging, etc. but those files will almost never change as its just an external library. is there any way to keep them in a single zip file and tell tomcat to host them from inside that file Or they should be handled differently Any best practicesp  pTo be more precise. Thats my folder structurep  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodesrcmain      webapp            static    lt thousand 3rd partys files in this dir            java codepre  pMaven will build war with my code and static files and it will work. but its a PINA to work with so many files before the war is built. i would like sth likep  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodesrcmain      webapp            static.zip    lt only 1 file            java codepre  pIs it possible on popular web serversp
Negative 63 pOk so I know it validates correctly as it works in JSfiddle, but when I try to run it locally for some reason it is not validating. I have nothing happening with the POST of the form yet. Also, I am using twitter bootstrap along with validate.js and webmatrix for my IDE.p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml langengt  ltheadgt     lttitlegtWebliolttitlegt     ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0gt     lt Bootstrap gt     ltlink href..cssbootstrapresponsive.css relstylesheetgt     ltlink href..cssbootstrap.css relstylesheetgt     ltlink href..cssstyle.css relstylesheetgt     ltlink href..cssfontawesome.min.css relstylesheetgt        ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltnavbar heregt      ltdiv classnavbar navTopgt         ltdiv classnavbarinner navbarfixedtopgt             lta classbrand href gtlti classiconphonesign icon2xgtltigtltagt                           ltul classnavgt                                    ltltli classactivegtlta hrefgtHomeltagtltligt gt                  ltligt                       ltform idlogin classforminline methodpostgt                         ltinput typetext classinputsmall placeholderEmailgt                         ltinput typepassword classinputsmall placeholderPasswordgt                         ltlabel classcheckboxgt                             ltinput typecheckboxgt Remember me                            ltlabelgt                         ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btninverse signIngtLog inltbuttongt                     ltformgt                 ltligt                            ltulgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltcontentgt     ltdiv idregistergt         ltform idregisterform methodPOST action  acceptcharsetUTF8gt             ltfieldsetgt                 ltlegendgtRegisterltlegendgt ltbrgt                 ltinput typetext namefirstName idfirstName placeholderFirst Name maxlength20 valuegt ltbrgt                 ltinput typetext namelastName idlastName placeholderLast Name maxlength20 valuegt ltbrgt                 ltinput typetext nameemail idemail placeholderEmail maxlength30 valuegt ltbrgt                 ltinput typepassword namepassword idpassword placeholderPassword valuegt ltbrgt                 ltinput typepassword nameconfirmPassword idconfirmPasswordplaceholderConfirm Password valuegt ltbrgt                 ltinput typetext namephoneNumber idphoneNumber placeholderPhone Number maxlength10 valuegt ltbrgt                 ltinput typedate namebirthday idbirthday placeholderBirthday valuegt ltbrgt                 ltlabel idlegalConfirm foragreegtltinput typehidden nameagree value0 gtltinput typecheckbox nameagree idagree value1 checkedchecked gt By clicking join you confirm that you accept our lta hrefprivacy.htmlgtPrivacy Policyltagt and lta hrefterms.htmlgtTerms of Serviceltagt.ltlabelgt                 ltinput classbtn btnprimary typesubmit namecreate valueJoingt                 lta hrefgtltbutton typebutton classbtngtCancelltbuttongtltagt             ltfieldsetgt         ltformgt         ltdivgt         ltscript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery2.0.0jquery.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt         ltscript src..jsjquery.validation.min.jsgtltscriptgt         ltscriptgt            document.readyfunction                    var form  registerform                  var validator  form.validate                     rules                          firstName                               required true,                             minlength 4                         ,                         lastName                              required true,                             minlength 4                         ,                         email                              required true,                             email true,                             minlength 5                        ,                         password                              required true,                             minlength 6                         ,                         confirmPassword                              required true,                             equalTo password                         ,                         phoneNumber                              required true,                             phoneUS true                         ,                         birthday                              required true                         ,                         agree                              required true                                                                                      ltscriptgt        ltfootergt     ltdiv classnavbar navbarfixedbottomgt     ltdiv idfootergt Weblio amp169 2013   lta hrefabout.htmlgtAboutltagt lta hreffaq.htmlgtFAQltagt  lta hrefprivacy.htmlgtPrivacy Policyltagt  lta hrefterms.htmlgtTerms of Useltagt  lta hrefcontactUs.htmlgtContact Usltagt         ltdiv idsocialFootergt              lta hrefhttpwww.facebook.com targetblank titleLike us on Facebook.gtlti classiconfacebooksign icon3xgtltigtltagt             lta hrefhttpwww.twitter.com targetblank titleFollow us on twitter.gtlti classicontwittersign icon3xgtltigtltagt          ltdivgt     ltdivgt  ltdivgt  ltbodygt  lthtmlgt codepre  pI am getting this error in the webmatrix console. p  pExpected expression line 1, column 1 which points to the codeltDOCTYPE htmlgtcode tag.p  pThanks, any help would be great.p
Negative 63 pWhat is the maximum thread that i can create for my algorithm  Does system configuration need to be considered when i use MultiThreading p  pMy Hardware  IntelR Core TM2 Duo CPU E8400 3.00 GHz 2.00 GHzp  pInstalled RAM  4.00 GBp  pHow Many maximum threads i can create  or use in my project p
Negative 63 pI want to know when I am writing and when I am deleting, but, after a 0.5 second delay, it will tell me You stopped writingdeleting However, it only shows that message and it delete or write after a half second delay.p  pstrongHow could I use codeThread.sleep500code correctlystrongp  pMy current source codep  precodeimport java.awt.BorderLayout import javax.swing.JFrame import javax.swing.JLabel import javax.swing.JTextField import javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent import javax.swing.event.DocumentListener   public class TextChangedFrame extends JFrame       JTextField textField  new JTextFieldPut your text here     JLabel label  new JLabelYou have written       public TextChangedFrame          setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         setSize300, 100         setLayoutnew BorderLayout         getContentPane.addtextField, BorderLayout.CENTER         getContentPane.addlabel, BorderLayout.SOUTH         textField.getDocument.addDocumentListenernew DocumentListener               public void insertUpdateDocumentEvent e                  label.setTextIm writting   textField.getText                 try                      Thread.sleep500                  catch InterruptedException ex                                    label.setTextI stopped writing                           public void removeUpdateDocumentEvent e                  label.setTextIm deleting                 try                      Thread.sleep500                  catch InterruptedException ex                                    label.setTextI stopped deleting                           public void changedUpdateDocumentEvent e                                  public static void mainString[] args          TextChangedFrame frame  new TextChangedFrame         frame.setLocationRelativeTonull         frame.setVisibletrue       codepre
Negative 63 pIve fetched a collection in backbone by a apirest on parse.com but in the console.log i can read this result child collection child, attributes Object, escapedAttributes Object, cid   c2,              changed Object.p  pSo where is the resultIn my collection there are user with name,username ecc..p  precode            var HomeView  Backbone.View.extend  template Handlebars.compiletemplate,   events      ,    initialize function         console.loginhomeview        var amici  new Usercollection     amici.fetch   success functioncollection     amici.eachfunctionobject    console.warnobject   console.logobject      ,    error functionamici, error     The collection could not be retrieved.          codepre  pCollectionp  precode     var Usercollection  Backbone.Collection.extend       modelPerson,      urlhttpsapi.parse.com1classesUser, codepre  pModelp  precode       var Person  Backbone.Model.extend     defaults           ,     initializefunction           console.loginperson        ,    validatefunction           console.logvalidate       ,        sendfunction            var user  new Parse.User            user.setusername, this.getusername            user.setpassword, this.getpassword            user.setemail, this.getemail             other fields can be set just like with Parse.Object            user.setphone, 4153920202             user.signUpnull,             success functionuser         Hooray Let them use the app now.             ,            error functionuser, error        Show the error message somewhere and let the user try again.            alertError   error.code     error.message                                                               return Person            codepre
Negative 63 precodechar p  string literal p[0]  S  char a[]  string literal a[0]  S codepre  ol lipWhat is the main difference between these twopli lipWhat really happens in the memory when these two are definedpli lipWhy modifying the first one results in undefined behaviorpli lipI read somewhere that first one may store in readonly memory my question is how does that happenpli ol
Negative 63 pMy question is similar to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6894600howtouseitkvtkgluetouseitkwithvtkEmres questiona. I am trying to build the  a hrefhttpwww.itk.orgWikiITKExamplesSmoothingDiscreteGaussianImageFilterDownloadandBuildDiscreteGaussianImageFilter relnofollowitkImageToVTKImageFilter example from the wikia. I hope to use it for a Gaussian low pass filter that I plan to apply to an image. After I download the itkvtkglue, extract it to a folder, and then press configure in Cmake, I receive the following error messagep  precodeCheck for working C compiler using Visual Studio 9 2008 Check for working C compiler using Visual Studio 9 2008  works Detecting C compiler ABI info Detecting C compiler ABI info  done Check for working CXX compiler using Visual Studio 9 2008 Check for working CXX compiler using Visual Studio 9 2008  works Detecting CXX compiler ABI info Detecting CXX compiler ABI info  done CMake Error at FITKItkVtkGluebinUseItkVtkGlue.cmake10 include include could not find load file  GVTKUseVTK.cmake Call Stack most recent call first   CMakeLists.txt13 include   Configuring incomplete, errors occurred codepre  pI was not sure what could be causing the error but I suspected that it had something to do with my Windows system path. However, it also seems to be pointing to the correct folder PATH goes to F drive. The error indicates that Cmake is looking within G drive for some unknown reason.p  pHere is the CMakeLists.txt for itkImageToVTKImageFilterp  precodecmakeminimumrequiredVERSION 2.8  projectDiscreteGaussianImageFilter  findpackageITK REQUIRED includeITKUSEFILE if ITKVtkGlueLOADED   findpackageVTK REQUIRED   includeVTKUSEFILE else   findpackageItkVtkGlue REQUIRED   includeItkVtkGlueUSEFILE   setGlue ItkVtkGlue endif  addexecutableDiscreteGaussianImageFilter MACOSXBUNDLE DiscreteGaussianImageFilter.cxx targetlinklibrariesDiscreteGaussianImageFilter   Glue  VTKLIBRARIES ITKLIBRARIES codepre  pI read that this was a very common problem but I am unsure how to correct it. Any help would be greatly appreciated I am still very new to Stackoverflow so let me know if I need to provide more info.p
Negative 63 pOk, so im trying to make this program and i need this  Melternet Hello Melternetgmail.com 572013 to be in different textboxs like thisp  pTextbox1  Melternetp  pTextbox2  Hellop  pTextbox3  Melternetgmail.comp  pTextbox4  572013p  pSo pretty much every space is a cut off line to add that text to a textbox and then it does the rest like the first onep  pHow would i do something like that, thanks in advance.p  pPlease Answer Back If Anyone Can Figure This Out Or Help Me, NEED THIS QUICK...p  pBTW im using Visual Basic 2008.p
Negative 63 pMy program is pretty long and complex so I cannot explain it all, I will try to just explain my current situation, however.p  pI have a .dat file 729 of them but only 1 for this example and I need to overwrite THE WHOLE FILE even if my new data is smaller than the current data with  a couple strings containing hex values. p  pHere is a snippet from my programp  precodeofstream xboxfinalxboxitgtcstr, iosbinary  other stuff  xboxfinal.write0a00000a00054c6576656c070006426c6f636b7300008000, 48 xboxfinal.writenewbytes, newbytes.length xboxfinal.writexboxbytes, xboxbytes.length xboxfinal.close codepre  pxboxitcstr in the ofstream is there because Im inputting and outputting a BUNCH of files from a file list and this was necessary but gives me no errors, if that makes sense.p  pThe strings newbytes and xboxbytes contains hex values 000007000a0445 etc...p  pFor now my program has just been writing to a text document. I need it to write that hex data in that order to the .dat file.p  pI did some searching around and this fixes the const char problemp  precodeother stuff  string header0a00000a00054c6576656c070006426c6f636b7300008000  WriteStr2BinFh header, xboxfinal WriteStr2BinFh newbytes, xboxfinal WriteStr2BinFh xboxbytes, xboxfinal  other stuff  void WriteStr2BinFh const stdstringamp St, stdostream ampout        out.write St.cstr, St.size   codepre  pCreating new .dat files somewhere else is also an acceptable option.p  pI JUST CANT WRITE THE HEX VALUES, THEY ALWAYS SHOW UP AS TEXT IN THE DAT FILE.p  pAny help would be appreciated p
Negative 63 pI am using Jquery knob in one of my project to display a circular input control. Works fine in all browsers that supports HTML5 but when viewed in Micromax canvas A110 device the circle of the knob is not showing  is this a problem with the browser or with device  Thanks in advace.p
Negative 63 pHow should I consider a codevariablecode declared within the codeclass ltlt selfcode block outside any method definition Look at the final part of this script  p  precodeclass VarDemo   classvar1  This is classvar1   classivar  This is a classivar    attraccessor ivar1   attraccessor ivar2    def initializeivar1 baseivar1, ivar2 baseivar2     classvar2  This is classvar2, defined within an instance method     ivar1  ivar1     ivar2  ivar2     VarDemo.classivar2  classivar2 defined through accessor on the class object   end    def printvars     puts from within an instance method. here self is self       test instance variables     puts ivar1 ivar1     puts ivar2 ivar2     puts self.ivar1 self.ivar1     puts self.ivar2 self.ivar2     puts ivar1 ivar1     puts ivar2 ivar2       test class variables     puts classvar1 classvar1     puts classvar2 classvar2       test class instance variables ivars on the class object     puts VarDemo.classivar VarDemo.classivar     puts VarDemo.classivar2 VarDemo.classivar2     puts classivar classivar should be empty, as it doesnt exist in the instance      puts self.classivar self.classivar   rescue Exception gt ex     puts self.classivar is not defined in this scope self is an instance   end     open the class object   class ltlt self     attraccessor classivar     attraccessor classivar2      whataboutthis  what would this be      attraccessor whataboutthis      def printwhataboutthis       puts whataboutthis whataboutthis  is empty       puts VarDemo.whataboutthis VarDemo.whataboutthis  is empty     end   end  end codepre  pWhat is codewhataboutthiscode Where is it defined Is it just something that the interpreter lets me do, but without any practical use I thought it was defined on codeClasscode, but that doesnt appear to be the case.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to learn how to use Mockito and im hung up on how to go about verifying a method on a certain object was called X amount of times.p  pI have the following test codep  precodeverifyrecord, times1.setValueMockito.anyString.class,Mockito.anyString.class codepre  pand the following piece of production code im trying to testp  pThe string[]s im setting up to iterate throughp  precodeprotected String[] columnNames  id, createdat, updatedat, name protected ColumnType[] columnTypes  ColumnType.INTEGER, ColumnType.TIMESTAMP, ColumnType.TIMESTAMP, ColumnType.TEXT codepre  pand the production code thats in a loop, iterating through the String[]p  precodefor int i  0 i lt columnCount i               if columnNames[i].equalsid                  record.setIdcursor.getInt0              else                   switch columnTypes[i]                      case BOOL                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i], cursor.getInti                         break                     case TEXT                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i], cursor.getStringi                         break                     case INTEGER                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i], cursor.getInti                         break                     case TIMESTAMP                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i], cursor.getLongi                         break                     case LONG                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i], cursor.getLongi                         break                     case DOUBLE                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i], cursor.getDoublei                         break                     default                         record.setValuecolumnNames[i],                          break                                        codepre  pAnd this is the error i getp  blockquote   ptestDataSourceCanFindRecordcom.test.app.DataSourceTest  Time   elapsed 0.081 sec  ltltlt FAILURE   org.mockito.exceptions.verification.TooManyActualInvocations    customer.setValue,  Wanted 1 time    at com.test.app.DataSourceTest.testDataSourceCanFindRecordDataSourceTest.java141   But was 3 times. Undesired invocation    at com.test.core.DataSource.cursorToRecordDataSource.java210p blockquote  pIm expecting record.setValueString key, String value to be called once because of the name field in the String[]. Whats happening is Mockito is registering record.setValueString key, Long value as the same thing as record.setValueString key, String value, which is incorrect. Line 210 is the setValue in the TIMESTAMP case. How can i correct thisp
Negative 63 pI am new here, I really need help I am creating a new site with opencart version 1.5.5.1 amp I have tried creating my own htaccess file but it is not doing what I want it to do. I have tried a lot of the code from this site and my host sd, opencart is not built for doing this, which I dont believe. But they could be right cause its not working for me.  I have a good seo module SEO Pack Pro which is installed but I dont think it is preventing the changes in the htaccess file. p  pMain problem is to eliminate duplication of the urls with 301 redirects and get a header code of 200 for the www amp 301 for the non www . I am pretty sure thats how it is suppose to be p  pSo what I need is to start from scratch to make a new htaccess file p  pSo again, redirect all non www urls to www urls not just the home page with 301 redirects amp I want to make sure there is a trailing slash after all the www urls. I dont need a slash after non www urls cause being redirected   Also need home page redirected from index.php amp index.htm, index.html to a hrefhttpwww.example.com relnofollowhttpwww.example.coma p  pAlso a trailing slash after each directory amp sub directories, I think my site goes down 3 levels of sub directories and right now I dont care if there is a trailing slash after the file name and removing the file extension or no slash after the file name  I have read the arguments on both sides of that and I think it doesnt matter for the file name to have a trailing slash. So sorry for the book here, if anyone can help me out with this   Thanks,  Nicole p
Negative 63 pIm looking for a way to convert a numeric into a string that could be used to represent a version.p  pLets say we havep  precodefoo  123 codepre  pId like to be able to convert this into codefoo  1.2.3codep  pSo far Ive triedp  precodefoo  123 string  pregreplace[09],0.,foo codepre  pBut that doesnt seem do do anything at all, codestringcode just comes back as emptynull.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 63 pI am trying out googles android studio. In eclipse, I can open multiple projects under one window. Is that a way to do this in android studiop
Negative 63 pLooking at the source of Rubys Base64.encode I cannot determine what character encoding a string is converted to, if at all, before encoding that data in Base64. A Utf8 string encoded in Base64 is going to be a lot different than a Utf16 string encoded in Base64. Does Ruby make any promises regarding this operationp
Negative 63 pI wrote a custom class to handle HTTP requests and in result I would like to get an NSString with BODY for next request but when I try to pass this newly created BODY from this object all I get is null.  p  pBut enough words... Let me show you codep  pThis is ViewController codep  precodeimport ViewController.h import HTTPRequestHandler.h   Definition of constants for URLs which are being used for requests define GETGRANTKEYURL httpowndev1.railwaymen.org4006apigetgrantkey define PULLUSERLOCATIONSURL httpowndev1.railwaymen.org4006apipulluserlocations define ANCHORTERMINALURL httpowndev1.railwaymen.org4006apianchorterminal  Definition of constants for first request body define GRANTKEYBODY emailvergungmail.comamppasswordpassword define PULLUSERLOCATIONSBODY useridb6db21848b16433dae21a9a415d9d4dcampgrantkey2aa1d743e7ebc2b5eb7f278f1da62b30d70c1510 define ANCHORTERMINALBODY useridb6db21848b16433dae21a9a415d9d4dcampgrantkey2aa1d743e7ebc2b5eb7f278f1da62b30d70c1510amplocationidb91d0894ce9047dcb4314f67252310f2ampclientid2938472398492ampclientsecret017305462947509274  interface ViewController   property strong, nonatomic NSMutableString resultHTTPBody  end  implementation ViewController   voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]    IBActionmakeRequests      First request     HTTPRequestHandler getGrantKeyRequest  [[HTTPRequestHandler alloc] initWithURLGETGRANTKEYURL                                                                                 bodyGRANTKEYBODY                                                                       keysToRecievie[userid, grantkey]]     [getGrantKeyRequest makeConnectionWithRequest]      Second request     HTTPRequestHandler pullUserLocationsRequest  [[HTTPRequestHandler alloc] initWithURLPULLUSERLOCATIONSURL                                                                                       bodyPULLUSERLOCATIONSBODY                                                                             keysToRecievie[locationid]]     [pullUserLocationsRequest makeConnectionWithRequest]      Third request     HTTPRequestHandler anchorTerminalRequest  [[HTTPRequestHandler alloc] initWithURLANCHORTERMINALURL                                                                                    bodyANCHORTERMINALBODY                                                                          keysToRecievie[accesstoken]]     [anchorTerminalRequest makeConnectionWithRequest]  end codepre  pThis is .m file from my custrom classp  precodeinterface HTTPRequestHandler   property strong, nonatomic NSURL requestURL property strong, nonatomic NSData httpBody property strong, nonatomic NSMutableData responseData property strong, nonatomic NSArray keysToRecieveValues  end  implementation HTTPRequestHandler   idinitWithURLNSString url bodyNSString body keysToRecievieNSArray keys      if self  [super init]              self.responseData  [NSMutableData data]         self.requestURL  [[NSURL alloc] initWithStringurl]         self.httpBody  [body dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]         self.keysToRecieveValues  [[NSArray alloc] initWithArraykeys]           return self    voidmakeConnectionWithRequest      NSMutableURLRequest request  [[NSMutableURLRequest alloc] initWithURLself.requestURL]     [request setHTTPMethodPOST]     [request setHTTPBodyself.httpBody]     [NSURLConnection connectionWithRequestrequest delegateself]    voidconnectionNSURLConnection connection didReceiveResponseNSURLResponse response      [self.responseData setLength0]    voidconnectionNSURLConnection connection didReceiveDataNSData data      [self.responseData appendDatadata]    voidconnectionDidFinishLoadingNSURLConnection connection      [self setRecievedData[NSJSONSerialization JSONObjectWithDataself.responseData optionskNilOptions errornil]]     NSLog, [self createNewBodyWithInitializedKeys]    NSString createNewBodyWithInitializedKeys      NSMutableString tmpString  [[NSMutableString alloc] init]      for NSString key in self.keysToRecieveValues              [tmpString appendFormat, key, [self.recievedData valueForKeykey]]           [tmpString deleteCharactersInRangeNSMakeRange[tmpString length]1, 1]     return tmpString   end codepre  pAnd, finally, header for HTTPRequestHandlerp  precodeimport ltFoundationFoundation.hgt  interface HTTPRequestHandler  NSObject  property strong, nonatomic NSDictionary recievedData   idinitWithURLNSString url bodyNSString body keysToRecievieNSArray keys  voidmakeConnectionWithRequest  NSString createNewBodyWithInitializedKeys  end codepre  pI would be very grateful If you can tell me any hints or show my my mistake.p
Negative 63 pI have an application that must be run in three different environments, called dev, beta and prod.p  pI created three different applications on heroku, so all the environments can be run at the same time, and I deploy the code from the right git repo to the right application when I need to. I think that it is a completely normal situation p  pI have a branch on git for dev purpose, when I need, I branch a beta version to deploy on beta, when it is ready, I deploy on prod and merge back to the trunk, following this a hrefhttpnvie.compostsasuccessfulgitbranchingmodel relnofollowbranching modelap  pI would like to add the New Relic monitoring system, as an Heroku addon, only to one of the application, the production one. To install New Relic, you have to include a gem in the Gemfile, so I need to include the gem only for production Gemfile.p  pGiven that the current stack on Heroku does not support the groups in the Gemfile, how can I achieve this goal Should I have to manage by hand each gem file before bringing to productionp  pEDITp  pTo better clafify what I tried, maybe I am missing something obviousp  pI added p  precodegroup production do    gem newrelicrpm end codepre  pto Gemfile. My dev environment has RACKENV and RAILSENV set to development, when I push to heroku the application is deployed with the newrelic gem.p
Negative 63 pi try to calculate the complexity from Mergesort. Standard Mergesort has the recursion Tn  Tn2Tn2n So its easy to calculate with the Mastertheorem.p  pBut my question is, how to calculate  a Mergesort with Tn  T2n3  Tn3  n and Tn  Tn100  T100 p  pCan you help me guys Thanks p
Negative 63 pI have used a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.security.cryptography.aes.aspx relnofollowthis examplea as a base, to read and write an encrypted cookie. Problem is that the decrypted string that gets returned contains invalid characters. i.e. the cookie value is p  blockquote   pMyValuep blockquote  pand what gets returned is p  blockquote   pZ3zp blockquote  pThis is the code I usep  precode protected void Button1Clickobject sender, EventArgs e                      HttpCookie myCookie  new HttpCookieMyCookie             string valString  MyValue              string keyAsString  BJF8hXsXce7dhCWjGICNrnq1Gc8mWyMlODbiYvXTXCo              byte[] myKey  Convert.FromBase64StringkeyAsString              Create a new instance of the AesManaged               class.  This generates a new key and initialization                vector IV.              using AesManaged myAes  new AesManaged                              Set default values as padding mode and ciphermode not supported in Silverlight                 byte[] encrypted  EncryptStringToBytesAesvalString, myKey, myAes.IV                 myCookie.Value  Convert.ToBase64Stringencrypted, 0, intencrypted.Length                  string roundtrip  DecryptStringFromBytesAesConvert.FromBase64StringmyCookie.Value, myAes.Key, myAes.IV                                        myCookie.Expires  DateTime.Now.AddDays1d             Response.Cookies.AddmyCookie          codepre  pAnd the encryptiondecryption functions arep  precode  static byte[] EncryptStringToBytesAesstring plainText, byte[] Key, byte[] IV                       Check arguments.              if plainText  null  plainText.Length lt 0                 throw new ArgumentNullExceptionplainText             if Key  null  Key.Length lt 0                 throw new ArgumentNullExceptionKey             if IV  null  IV.Length lt 0                 throw new ArgumentNullExceptionKey             byte[] encrypted              Create an AesManaged object               with the specified key and IV.              using AesManaged aesAlg  new AesManaged                              aesAlg.Key  Key                 aesAlg.IV  IV                  aesAlg.Mode  CipherMode.ECB                   Create a decryptor to perform the stream transform.                 ICryptoTransform encryptor  aesAlg.CreateEncryptoraesAlg.Key, aesAlg.IV                   Create the streams used for encryption.                  using MemoryStream msEncrypt  new MemoryStream                                      using CryptoStream csEncrypt  new CryptoStreammsEncrypt, encryptor, CryptoStreamMode.Write                                              using StreamWriter swEncrypt  new StreamWritercsEncrypt                                                       Write all data to the stream.                             swEncrypt.WriteplainText                                                  encrypted  msEncrypt.ToArray                                                                 Return the encrypted bytes from the memory stream.              return encrypted                     static string DecryptStringFromBytesAesbyte[] cipherText, byte[] Key, byte[] IV                       Check arguments.              if cipherText  null  cipherText.Length lt 0                 throw new ArgumentNullExceptioncipherText             if Key  null  Key.Length lt 0                 throw new ArgumentNullExceptionKey             if IV  null  IV.Length lt 0                 throw new ArgumentNullExceptionKey               Declare the string used to hold               the decrypted text.              string plaintext  null               Create an AesManaged object               with the specified key and IV.              using AesManaged aesAlg  new AesManaged                              aesAlg.Key  Key                 aesAlg.IV  IV                 aesAlg.Padding  PaddingMode.None                 aesAlg.Mode  CipherMode.ECB                   Create a decrytor to perform the stream transform.                 ICryptoTransform decryptor  aesAlg.CreateDecryptoraesAlg.Key, aesAlg.IV                   Create the streams used for decryption.                  using MemoryStream msDecrypt  new MemoryStreamcipherText                                      using CryptoStream csDecrypt  new CryptoStreammsDecrypt, decryptor, CryptoStreamMode.Read                                              using StreamReader srDecrypt  new StreamReadercsDecrypt                                                        Read the decrypted bytes from the decrypting stream                               and place them in a string.                              plaintext  srDecrypt.ReadToEnd                                                                                         return plaintext      codepre  pLooks like some sort of encoding issue. At first I thought the problem was reading the cookie value itself. But even if I try to decrypt the value just encrypted i.e.p  blockquote   pstring roundtrip  DecryptStringFromBytesAesencrypted, myAes.Key,   myAes.IVp blockquote  pI still get the same issue.p  pNot sure if this will help but the main goal is to just READ the cookie. Initially, the cookie will get created from a 3rd party PHP app using a shared key hence I used the ECB CipherMode. This code is just a sample to make sure that I can read encrypted cookies.p
Negative 63 pI was reading up on howto create a a hrefhttpbdhacker.wordpress.com20090819howtomakejarfromjavasourceclassfiles relnofollowjar file in javaa , so the way is like this p  precodejar cmf mainclass.txt example.jar .class codepre  pI was curious about why we use code.classcode rather than specifically saying something like example.class  I have a directory with many class files, how would it know which one to use  a hrefhttpi.imgur.com4Wm1ClW.png relnofollowHere is how my directory looks.a thanksp  pEDIT Thanks a lot I created a new directory and this saved my about 50 bytes p
Negative 63 pGood morning, my apologies if this question is complexconfusing. I am in an intro java course and I am having some difficulties with one of my assignments You guys on here seem to have an answer for everything so I know you can helpp  pThis assignment is to create specifications for some shapes rectangles and triangles, but it must be implemeneted as suchp  pAll shapes must implement a calculated interface which calculates their areaperimeter. A shapemanger class stores the calculated shapes in an array capable of storing up to 10 objects...p  precodepublic class App      public static void mainString[] args               ShapeManager sm          new ShapeManager          Rectangle       r1     new Rectangle100,120,10,13         sm.addShaper1          sm.dump          public interface Calculated       public double calculateArea       public double calculatePerimeter       public void dump   public class Rectangle implements Calculated      private int xCoord, yCoord, length, width, rectangleArea, rectanglePerimeter     public Calculated rectangleShape      public Rectangleint XCoord, int YCoord, int Length, int Width              XCoord  xCoord         YCoord  yCoord         Length  length         Width  width           public double calculateArea              rectangleArea  length  width         return rectangleArea           public double calculatePerimeter              rectanglePerimeter  length 2  width  2         return rectanglePerimeter           public void dump              System.out.printlnThe Area of the rectangle    rectangleArea         System.out.printlnThe Perimeter of the rectangle   rectanglePerimeter          public class ShapeManager      private Calculated[] calcArray     private Calculated rectangle     public Calculated shape      public ShapeManager              calcArray  new Calculated[10]           public void addShapeCalculated s              int address  0         while calcArray[address]  null                      address                   calcArray[address]  s           public void dump              for int x  0 x lt 9 x                       if calcArray[x] null                              calcArray[x].dump                                 codepre  pCurrently my output isp  pThe Area of the rectangle  0 The Perimeter of the rectangle 0p  pI am really stuck on what I am doing wrong, and why the output isnt calculated properly. Any assistance on this is really appreciated, thank you very much for your help and your patiencep  pAllysop
Negative 63 pI would like to replace all contents of a file that match a given regex to their lowercase equivalent. Likep  precodegrep o [ ][AZ][ ].png file21052013.sql  awk print tolower0 codepre  pThe line above finds all strings in the given file that have at least one uppercase character and prints the lowercase equivalent.p  pI would like to replace the output of the grep command with the output of the whole command abovep  pDoes that make sensep
Negative 63 pCode samplep  precodebool MirrarOrnamentsonMouseDownFBMouseDownEvent evt, FBPluginWindow      ifevtgtmBtn  FBMouseButtonEventMouseButtonLeft         from here i need to function in my JavaScript with argument of FBvariantlistofevtgtmxevtgtmy      codepre  pIs it possiblebr Was trying simply return variantlist to use it in JS,  p  pbut it need to be bool anyway cos ofp  precodeBEGINPLUGINEVENTMAP  EVENTTYPECASEFBMouseDownEvent, onMouseDown, FBPluginWindow        ENDPLUGINEVENTMAP codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to iterate through a List of Map items, i.e. an ArrayList of HashMaps or something similar, and Im trying to do this in primefaces datatable. This is basically what Im trying to do p  precodeltbodygt     lthformgt         ltpdataTable valuecustomerBean.list varmapgt             ltcforEach itemsmap varentrygt                 ltpcolumn headerTextentry.keygt                     entry.value                 ltpcolumngt             ltcforEachgt         ltpdataTablegt     lthformgt ltbodygt codepre  pIn this case, codecustomerBean.listcode is a codeListltMapltString, Stringgtgtcode and entry is a codeMapltString, Stringgtcode. p  pWhat I want to do, is create a dynamic amount of columns, based on the amount of entries in a codeMapltString, Stringgtcode while using the map entrys key as a header name, and the value as the output. The codecforEachcode thing seems to work fine when Im using a hardcoded codeMapltString, Stringgtcode, but apparently it cant loop through the var of the codepdataTablecode. I assume that the program takes precaution to avoid having to loop through Maps of different sizes. So how can I make this work anyway How can I create an arbitrary amount of columns based on the amount of entries in a Map Note that Im a 100 certain that every codeMapltString, Stringgtcode is of equal size in my codeListltMapltString, Stringgtgtcodep  pEDIT p  pHeres my bean source. The code works fine and everything, the problem is just with the loop not willing to go through my map p  precodeManagedBean SessionScoped public class CustomerBean       private ListltMapltString, Stringgtgt list  new ArrayListltMapltString, Stringgtgt     private Mapper mapper  new Mapper      public CustomerBean          list  mapper.all gets data from database           public ListltMapltString, Stringgtgt getList           return list           public void setListListltMapltString, Stringgtgt list           this.list  list        codepre
Negative 63 precode voidconnectionDidFinishLoadingNSURLConnection connection      NSLogSucceeded Received d bytes of data,[configData length]      NSString responseJSONString  [[NSString alloc] initWithDataconfigData encoding NSASCIIStringEncoding]     NSLogResponse , responseJSONString       convert to dictionary settingsDictionary     NSError error  [[NSError alloc] init] NSDictionary settingsDictionary  [NSJSONSerialization JSONObjectWithDataconfigData optionskNilOptions erroramperror] NSLogDictionary of JSON objects  n, settingsDictionary    why      NSLogDONE codepre  pyeilds this in Output terminalp  precode 20130522 113859.318 Tests[8817c07] didReceiveResponse  responseData length0 20130522 113859.320 Tests[8817c07]  Succeeded Received 114 bytes of data 20130522 113859.321  Tests[8817c07] Response CustomerNameExample Company,HostNamestreaming1.mycompany.comlive,AppNamestreamer,Port1935  20130522 113859.321 Tests[8817c07] Dictionary of JSON objects         AppName  streamer      CustomerName  Example Company      HostName  streaming1.mycompany.comlive      Port  1935      20130522 113859.322 Tests[8817c07] DONE codepre  pI dont understand why, if all the json values are enclosed in quotations, only 24 dictionary items include them. What is NSDictionary supposed to store by defaultp
Negative 63 pIve got an issue with a ListBox in ASP.NET application after manual selection, an event SelectedIndexChanged fires, but its handler cannot keep neither the selected index nor the selected item. The index is always equal to 1  I enabled AutoPostBack, so that the Text property of a TextBox could be updated.p  pIn this code snippet, the strongSelectedItemstrong is always strongnullstrong p  precodeprotected void ListBox3SelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e      if ListBox3.SelectedItem  null         TextBox6.Text  ListBox3.SelectedItem.Text  codepre  pHere is the description of a controlp  precodeltaspListBox IDListBox3       runatserver Height283px       stylemarginleft 28px margintop 6px Width156px       DataSourceIDStacjeNaTrasie      DataTextFieldNazwaStacji DataValueFieldNazwaStacji       onselectedindexchangedListBox3SelectedIndexChanged       AutoPostBackTrue EnableViewStateTruegt ltaspListBoxgt codepre  pIt looks like the PostBack triggers another selectionIndexChange event and the selected index is again set to 1. How could I keep the selected onep  pThank you for any help p
Negative 63 pI am trying to embed a Google map on a clients site.p  pHere is the embed code I am using as copied from the view source of the page where it is embedded.  I followed the instructions from this page a hrefhttpmaps.google.cahelpmapsgetmapsplotone.htmlhttpmaps.google.cahelpmapsgetmapsplotone.htmlap  precodeltiframe width180 height250 frameborder0 scrollingno marginheight0 marginwidth0 srchttpmaps.google.commapsfqampsourcesqamphlenampgeocode ampq5590JolietStreetDenver,Colorado88239ampaqampsll34.168218,111.930907 ampsspn15.047206,26.30127ampieUTF8amphqamphnear5590JolietSt,Denver,Colorado 80239ampll39.797915,104.860812ampspn0.013667,0.025685amptmampz14ampoutputembedgt ltiframegt codepre  pI am getting the error Chrome Developer Tools, Console emBlocked a frame with origin a hrefhttpmaps.google.comhttpmaps.google.coma from accessing a frame with origin http link here. Protocols, domains, and ports must match. and no map displays.emp  pInterestingly, when I paste that into a text document and save it as HTML and open it in Chrome, the map will display, but I still get the same error in Dev Tools except that the origin is null.p  pthe application is php and Ive tried the removeheader option and it didnt change anything, and Ive made sure the link in the iframe contains outputembed.p  pI have tried FF, Chrome and IE 10, all with the same result.p  pHere is a link to the page in question. cant post IP address link 198 dot 154 dot 220 dot 143contactp
Negative 63 pIm working on a Windows Service with a number of selfhosted WCF services. Im using Autofac for DIIoC.p  pWCF services and endpoints are set up in app.config, and by a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq3740193137471enumerating the configured servicesa, the Windows service is able to automatically create and open a codeServiceHostcode for each configured WCF service.p  pTo enable dependency injection, I add a call to the codeAddDependencyInjectionBehaviorcode a hrefhttpautofac.orgapidochtml3BC9275C.htm relnofollowdocsa method for each new instance of codeServiceHostcode, but the method specifically requests a strongcontractTypestrong and at this point I only have the service implementation type.p  pI emcouldem retrieve the contract type by looking for implemented interfaces using reflection, but since this is my first project working with Autofac, I wanted to make sure Im not going about this all wrong.p  pIs there an elegant solution to this, is any of this considered bad practice, or is reflection the only way to go in this casep  pAny input is appreciated.p
Negative 63 pThere is something that i dont understand about the HTML5 canvas system. Lets say that i have a circle that is centered at 5,5, and i want to scale it by 2, so its center will not move. Ok, so my intuition says to do the followingp  ol liMove the circle back to 0,0 by codetranslate5,5code.li liScale it by 2, by applying codescale2,2code.li liMove it back to 5,5, by applying codetranslate5, 5code.li ol  pBut it wont work, because the canvas was implemented such that translation and scaling will be applied on the canvas axis, and not on the points themselves for example, translate will only move the origin, and not the circles center. Am i rightp  pBut why is that why the transformations just dont apply directly on the points, so everything  will be always relative to 0,0  Isnt it the standard way to implement such systemsp  pam i missing somethingp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pWell, i guess that what i missed is that transformations are performed in reverse order, as mentioned a hrefhttpwww.whatwg.orgspecswebappscurrentworkmultipagethecanvaselement.htmltransformations relnofollowherea. But i still dont get why is that... why not in the original orderp
Negative 63 pI am getting the following errorp  blockquote   pYou have specified an invalid column ordinalp blockquote  pI already checked the column number in my database and I know its right. Heres my codep  precodeusing MySqlCommand cmd  new MySqlCommandquery, con       cmd.Parameters.AddWithValueID, txtboxID.Text     MySqlDataReader dr  cmd.ExecuteReader      whiledr.Read              int size  dr.GetInt323         int quantity  dr.GetInt324         string variant  dr.GetString2          DataGridViewRow row  dataGridView2.Rows            .CastltDataGridViewRowgt            .Wherer gt r.Cells[variantname].Value.ToString.Equalsvariant ampamp r.Cells[size].Value.Equalssize            .First          row.Cells[quantity].Value  quantity       codepre  pIm getting the error on this line  codeint size  dr.GetInt323codep
Negative 63 pAll is in the title.p  pIm trying to use PHPUnits, but I am having some problems using the latest PHPUnits version with ZF 1.11.p
Negative 63 pI made this script that spins some sprockets I have on a page for a few rotations, then stops them waits a little bit and loops. It is timed with the sliding of a java slider so it makes the slider look like its being driven by these sprockets, its pretty cool. My problem is, it doesnt work in IE at all. Is there any way I could make this script work with IE9p  precodegoogle.loadjquery, 1.3.1 google.setOnLoadCallbackfunction   timeout  setTimeoutfunction      var interval  5100     var looping  setIntervalstartAni, interval      startAni  , 4300  spins clock wise  function startAni      .sprocketcw.eachfunction          this             .css cursor  move              .datarotationAngle, 2             startSpinningthis      function startSpinningelement          element.stop.animaterotate 10deg, 800, easeInCubic, function              var intervalHandle  setInterval                function                     element.animaterotate   element.datarotationAngle  deg, 0               ,               25                          element.dataintervalHandle, intervalHandle             clears interval to stop             timeout  setTimeoutfunction               clearIntervalintervalHandle             , 2000                  spins counter clock wise      .sprocketcc.eachfunction          this             .css cursor  move              .datarotationAngle, 2             startSpinningthis      function startSpinningelement          element.stop.animaterotate 10deg, 800, easeInCubic, function              var intervalHandle  setInterval                function                     element.animaterotate   element.datarotationAngle  deg, 0               ,               25                          element.dataintervalHandle, intervalHandle             clears interval to stop             timeout  setTimeoutfunction               clearIntervalintervalHandle             , 2000                       Variable to store if the sprockets are spinning     var playing  false    codepre
Negative 63 pIs there a way to collect java class namesas Strings on the jvm system path when you know nothing about the context of the classes I have seen a few similar questions, but all require at least knowing the package names. p  pI have looked at Java a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comjavase1.5.0docsapijavalanginstrumentInstrumentation.htmlgetAllLoadedClasses2829 relnofollowInterface Instrumentationa, but unless Im misreading things, it appears to only relate to programs actively running on the JVM. p
Negative 63 blockquote   pI am trying to change the color of the column based on selection.Here is what I have tried so far.p blockquote  precodevar selectionmodel  Ext.createExt.selection.CheckboxModel Ext.createExt.data.Store,  storeIdsimpsonsStore, fields[name, email, change], dataitems[      name Lisa,  emaillisasimpsons.com,  change100  ,      name Bart, emailbartsimpsons.com, change20  ,      name Homer, emailhomesimpsons.com,  change100   ,      name Marge, emailmargesimpsons.com, change20   ], proxy      type memory,     reader          type json,         root items         Ext.createExt.grid.Panel,  id  sgrid, title Simpsons, store Ext.data.StoreManager.lookupsimpsonsStore, selModelselectionmodel, columns [      header Name,  dataIndex name ,      header Email, dataIndex email, flex 1 ,      header Change, dataIndex change, tdCls xchangecell  ], height 200, width 400, renderTo Ext.getBody, listeners     selectionchange function thisobj, selected, eOpts           var store  Ext.getStoresimpsonsStore         var grid  Ext.getCmpsgrid         var selected  grid.getSelectionModel         var count  store.getCount         var items[]         grid.getView.removeClspricefall         fori0iltcounti             ifselected.isSelectedi                 items.push                                  change       store.getAti.data.change                                                            fori0iltitems.lengthi             forji1jltitems.lengthj                 ifitems[i].change  items[j].change                          grid.getView.addRowCls i, pricefall                            grid.getView.addRowCls j, pricefall                                                 codepre  pHere is the stronga hrefhttpjsfiddle.nettPB8Z1465 relnofollowfiddleastrongp  pstrongWhat I am trying to do strongp  blockquote   pHere I want to change the color of the column strongchangestrong based on whether it is same or not.If it is same then the color should be stronggreenstrong,otherwise it should be strongredstrong.p blockquote  pstrongMy Issuestrongp  blockquote   pI am able to change the color of the column, but getting messed with selection.The cls should also be removed on deselection.Is this approach correct,or is their any other way to achieve this Any help is aprreciated.Thanks.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI am trying to get Socket.io to work. My code is below. I get the Welcome to Socket.io. when I visitp  precodehttplocalhostindex.html  codepre  pbut that is all I get. app.js looks like it will send back a message but I get nothing in my Javascript console and nothing on the page except Welcome to Socket.io.. I tried visiting p  precodehttplocalhostchat codepre  pand p  precodehttplocalhostnews  codepre  pand it is the same results. I want to test a two way communication using Socket.io. Will this script do that for me and is a firewall possibly blocking the return message. This is an example for Socket.ip V0.9 page.p  precode app.js var io  requiresocket.io.listen80  var chat  io    .ofchat    .onconnection, function socket         socket.emita message,            that only,          chat will get          chat.emita message,      everyone in   , chat will get      var news  io   .ofnews   .onconnection, function socket    socket.emititem,  news item   codepre  pThe index.html p  precodeindex.html ltscriptgt var chat  io.connecthttplocalhostchat   , news  io.connecthttplocalhostnews  chat.onconnect, function     chat.emithi   news.onnews, function     news.emitwoot  ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have quite a simple form and am trying to have one field required.p  pBut nothing is happening when I submit with a blank field it still submits.p  precodedocument.readyfunction      jQuerycommentForm.validate         rules             messagename                 requiredtrue                      ,         messages             messagename                 requiredName Required                              ltform idcasestudyform actionltphp getoptionsiteurlgtcasestudydownloads  methodpost  gt     ltpgtltlabel classmodallabel fornamegtName ltspangtltspangtltlabelgt ltinput typetext namemessagename idmessagename classrequired valuegtltpgt     ltpgtltinput typesubmit valueSubmit gtltpgt ltformgt codepre
Negative 63 pI am having trouble getting ExportAzureVM to work.p  pHere is my outputp  hr  pPS CUsersjason000documentsazuresp2013 .exportp  pVERBOSE 94423 AM  Begin Operation Get Deploymentp  pVERBOSE 94424 AM  Begin Operation Get Deploymentp  pVERBOSE 94424 AM  Begin Operation Get Deploymentp  pVERBOSE 94425 AM  Begin Operation Get Deploymentp  pVERBOSE 94426 AM  Begin Operation Get Deploymentp  pVERBOSE 94427 AM  Begin Operation Get Deploymentp  hr  pMy export.ps1 script is as followsp  precodeStopAzureVM ServiceName vmsp01jdevsp28102656 Name vmsp01 ExportPath  CExportVMsExportAzureVMvmsp01.xml  ExportAzureVM ServiceName vmsp01jdevsp28102656 name vmsp01 Path ExportPath  StopAzureVM ServiceName vmdb01jdevsp28102656 Name vmdb01  ExportPath  CExportVMsExportAzureVMvmdb01.xml  ExportAzureVM ServiceName vmdb01jdevsp28102656 name vmdb01 Path ExportPath  StopAzureVM ServiceName vmad01jdevsp28102656 Name vmad01  ExportPath  CExportVMsExportAzureVMvmad01.xml  ExportAzureVM ServiceName vmad01jdevsp28102656 name vmad01 Path ExportPath  codepre  pThe file path CExportVMs exists.p  pMy virtual machine names are vmad01, vmdb01, and vmsp01p  pI have 3 cloud services in my account whose names are vmad01jdevsp28102656,vmdb01jdevsp28102656 and vmsp01jdevsp28102656p  pThe script runs real quick and just drops back to the prompt, but there is nothing in the CExportVMs folder when complete.p  pThanks for your time,p  pJasonp
Negative 63 pHow can I set the maximum vertical scroll height I mean the scroller contains 100 items lets say and i want to scroll down only on few of these items from 0th  30th. possiblep
Negative 63 pStack community.p  pIm using the eval function in PHP so my users can execute his own code in my website Yes, i know it is a dangerous function, but thats not the point. p  pI want to store all the PHP errors that occur during the interpretation of the code, is there a way to fetch all of them i want to get and register them in a table of my database.p  pThe errorgetlast gets only the last error, but i want all of them. Help me, please. It is even possiblep
Negative 63 pI have written a calculator in NetBeans and it functions perfectly. However, I have to actually click the buttons to insert numbers and am trying to remedy that with a KeyListener. I have all my numbers and function buttons set inside a JPanel named buttons. I have my display label in a JPanel named display.p  pI set my class to implement KeyListener and it inserted the KeyPressed, Typed, and Released methods however I stuck from there. Im not sure how to make my buttons actually listen for the KeyPressed event, and when it hears the event  activate the button. Also, my buttons are named by their number e.g. the Zero Button is named zero, One button is one, etc..p  pIve read that you actually have to implement a KeyListener somewhere by using something.addKeyListenersomething but I cannot seem to figure this out.p  pCan I get some help here Im new to Java and this is my first solo project. And let me know if I didnt provide enough information.p  pEDIT Most of my code is NetBeans Generated and I cannot edit the initialization of the components which seems to be my problem I thinkp  pMy class declarationp  precodepublic class Calculator extends javax.swing.JFrame implements KeyListener   Creates new form Calculator public Calculator      initComponents  codepre  pOne of my buttonPressed actions all identical with changes for actual numberp  precodeprivate void zeroActionPerformedjava.awt.event.ActionEvent evt                                           if display.getText.length gt 16              JOptionPane.showMessageDialognull, Cannot Handle gt 16 digits         return          else if display.getText.equals0              return          display.setTextdisplay.getText.concat0 codepre  pMain method supplied by NetBeansp  precodepublic static void mainString args[]       Create and display the form      java.awt.EventQueue.invokeLaternew Runnable          Override         public void run              new Calculator.setVisibletrue                codepre  pThe initComponents netbeans generated is absolutely massive about 500 lines of code and I cannot edit any of it. Let me know if I can supply any more helpful information. p
Negative 63 pIm very newbie in Linq and dont know how to solve some problems even very easy in MS SQL query.p  precodeSelect e.EmployeeID , e.EmployeeName , e.Division , e.DepartmentCode , e.DesignationGrpCode Into temp from chr.dbo.EMPLOYEE e Where e.DepartmentCode in                           Select DepartmentCode                          from chr.dbo.EMPLOYEE                          where EmployeeID  S1287                           Select  from temp t where t.EmployeeID in                          Case When t.Division ltgt CHR Then Select EmployeeID from temp where DesignationGrpCode  CorpDMGR                         Else Select EmployeeID from temp where DesignationGrpCode  MGT End Drop table temp codepre  pHow do I convert this query to Linq Pleasep  phere is my linq statementp  precodevar employee  new Common.Employee          var jobdesc  new Common.JobHistory          ListltEMPLOYEEgt dCode  from e in employee                               where e.EmployeeID  S1204                               select new EMPLOYEE                                                                  DepartmentCode  e.DepartmentCode                               .ToList          ListltEMPLOYEEgt emp  from e in employee            join d in dCode on e.DepartmentCode equals d.DepartmentCode into temp            from t in temp.DefaultIfEmpty              orderby e.EmployeeName            select new EMPLOYEE                            EmployeeID  e.EmployeeID,                EmployeeName  e.EmployeeName            .ToList codepre  pbut dun know how to check CASE ELSE statementp
Negative 63 pI have successfully implemented an EditText in a widget. By using following code.p  pp  precode    ltTextView         androididideditwidget         styleandroidstyleWidget.EditText         androidlayoutwidth150dp         androidlayoutheight29dp         androidlayoutmargin5dp         androidhintEnter Name         androidinputTypenumber         androidnextFocusDownidbtnSave         androidpaddingLeft5dp         androidtextSize15sp gt     ltTextViewgt      ltButton         androidididwidgetbutton         stylestylenormalbuttongray         androidlayoutwidth74dp         androidlayoutheight29dp         androidlayoutmargin4dp         androidgravitycenter         androidminHeight0dp         androidminWidth0dp         androidpaddingBottom0dp         androidpaddingLeft0dp         androidpaddingRight0dp         androidpaddingTop0dp         androidtextstringlabelAdd         androidtextColorHintcolordarkgray         androidtextSize14sp gt codepre  pp  pFollowing code use Class A with expend BroadcastReceiver p  precodeRemoteViews remoteViews  new RemoteViewscontext.getPackageName, R.layout.widgetdemo     remoteViews.setTextViewTextR.id.edexpersivecost,      remoteViews.setTextViewTextR.id.txtappname,context.getStringR.string.appname     remoteViews.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.widgetbutton, MyWidgetProvider.buildButtonPendingIntentcontext codepre  pFollowing code  using Class B  expend  AppWidgetProviderp  precodeOverride     public void onUpdateContext context, AppWidgetManager appWidgetManager,             int[] appWidgetIds           RemoteViews remoteViews  new RemoteViewscontext.getPackageName, R.layout.widgetdemo         remoteViews.setOnClickPendingIntentR.id.widgetbutton, buildButtonPendingIntentcontext         how to get edittext value in here            public static PendingIntent buildButtonPendingIntentContext context          Intent intent  new Intent         intent.setActioncom.connectingpixles.intent.action.Addamount         return PendingIntent.getBroadcastcontext, 0, intent, PendingIntent.FLAGUPDATECURRENT      codepre  pBut not idea how to get text from EditBox Widget. Any one help can mep
Negative 63 pI have an issue about the NACK message generated by HAPI,p  pIm generating the NACK message as followsp  precode Message msg hl7Msg.generateACKHL7Constants.HL7MSAERRORFIELDVALUE,                      new HL7ExceptionerrorMsg codepre  pThis returns following messagep  precodeMSHamp20130604165513.5760100ACK108P2.5  MSAAEHL7Gtw01361605B49500  ERR207ampERRORamphl70357ampamperrmsg codepre  pIf you notice the ERR segment, it doesnt have required infop  pIs the above message validp  pI suspect it has to be like thisp  precodeMSHamp20130604165513.5760100ACK108P2.5  MSAAEHL7Gtw01361605B49500  ERR207Eerrmsg codepre  pWhy do i get such invalid message Am i doing anything wrong herep
Negative 63 pI try to remove the duplicate value before storing it into a store. I want to store the same value in the store 1 time only. But it seems the following Ext.Array.unique line does not working. Could anyone please help me to correct this.  Thank youp  precodevar input1store  new Ext.data.Store     fields [name name],     proxy          type ajax,         url www.requesturl.comformatjsonampsource1,         reader              type json,             root xml.result              ,     autoLoad false,     sorters [property name, direction asc],     listeners         load functionrec             uniqueArray  Ext.Array.uniquerec.getRange                codepre
Negative 63 pBootstrap v2.3.1  stronglessstrong  placeholder styles working on chrome but not working on Mozilla latest version p  pPlease help  Less code here p  precode.placeholderred codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to make an application that requires the user to log their current location, then have the pin stay there. So if I had a map view I would have a mapview and then a button on the bottom of the screen, allowing the user to place a pin where their current location is.p  precode voidmapViewMKMapView mapView didUpdateUserLocationMKUserLocation userLocation      MKCoordinateRegion region  MKCoordinateRegionMakeWithDistanceuserLocation.coordinate, 800, 800     [self.mapview setRegion[self.mapview regionThatFitsregion] animatedYES]       Add an annotation     MKPointAnnotation point  [[MKPointAnnotation alloc] init]     point.coordinate  userLocation.coordinate     point.title  Where am I     point.subtitle  Im here      [self.mapview addAnnotationpoint]  codepre  pI have used that code to place a pin where my current location is, but I need that to happen after a button is tapped. I also need that pin to stay where they tapped it, so If they move ater on the pin will stay where they tapped it. p  pThanks for you help p
Negative 63 pDoes the memory remains assigned if I didnt free the allocated memory using codemalloccode even after exiting the programp  pIts running in Ubuntu Linux 14.p
Negative 63 pI am currently working on a project and I need to test my prototype with repetitive data access patterns. I came across fio which is a flexible IO tester for Linux a hrefhttpfreecode.comprojectsfio relnofollow1a.p  pFio has many options and I want it to produce a workload which accesses the same blocks of a file, the same number of times over and over again. I also need those accesses to not be equal among these blocks. For instance, if fio creates a file named test.txt and this file is divided on 10 blocks, I need the workload to read a specific number of these blocks, with different number of IOs each, over and over again. Lets say that it chooses to access block 3, 7 and 9. Then I want to access these in a specific order and a specific number of times each, over and over again. If this workload can be described by N passes, then I want to be something like thisp  p1st pass read block 3 10 times, read block 7 5 times, read block 9 2 times.p  p2nd pass read block 3 10 times, read block 7 5 times, read block 9 2 times.p  p...p  pNpass read block 3 10 times, read block 7 5 times, read block 9 2 times.p  pQuestion 1 Can the above workload be produced with Fio If yes, How Question 2 Is there a mailing list, forum, website, community for Fio usersp  pThank you, Nickp
Negative 63 pI am using Visual Basic Express 2010 edition.  I have a combo box named cboTester, an output combobox called cboOutput and a separate class called ListClassp  pThe cboTester has 3 options, EN, FR and DE.p  pIn the list class I have 3 string arrays p  pcodePublic Shared TesterEN Yes, No  Public Shared TesterFR Maybe, Kind of  Public Shared TesterDE No, No way codep  pIs there a way using vb.net that I can use the input from the cboTester do determine how cboOutput is populatedp  pI was thinking it would something similar to the answer detailed below.  Please note this is written freetype and not copied and pasted from somewhere I can check itp  precodeprivate sub cboTesterSelectedIndexChanged  if cboTesterSelectedItem  EN then     strTest  EN  else if cboTesterSelectedItem  FR then     strTest  FR ... end if  ArrayName  ListClass.Tester amp strTest  cboOutput.items.addrangeArrayName codepre  p EDIT BELOW THE LINE 14062013 245AM GMT It seems like I could do with giving a bit more information here.p  pThe reason why I want to do it like this is because I have lots and lots of arrays, which are set up with the description of ArraynameLang eg. ReasonsEN, ReasonsFR, ReasonsDE, HouseEN, HouseFR,HouseDE  So I want to be able to write my load functions asp  precodecboReasons.Items.AddRangeListClass.reasons amp language codepre  prather than having to write each possible variantp  pThanks Maudisep
Negative 63 pMy assets Folder contain a subfolder whose size 1 GB p  pI cannot install my application on ZTE device whose sd Card size 8 GBp  pI add codewriteread permissioncode to my manifest file and also codepreferExternal installationcodep  pAfter some search in related question I see that maximum apk size is 50 MB p  pSo I should reduce my application ressource file p  pand I read that I can install my application without ressource and then donwnolad them in the p  pfirst usep  pAny one can explain more this idea or suggest another idea p  pI dont know if it is possible that I use big text files in android application   p
Negative 63 pHello i have a question and  this one seems to be a bit of a challenge.p  pI have a link that creates an iframe and sends a few variables in the URLp  pi have this in a partial       p  precode   lta idlinkPreview gtMore..ltagt             linkPreview.clickfunction    createIframe         function createIframe     var user  1  Math.floorMath.random  10000000000    var frameURL httpwww.website.comvar1507ampvar2508    var frame  ltiframegtltiframegt    frm.attr    width 204,    height 355,    scrolling yes,    src frmURL        iframewindow.appendfrm     codepre  pthen inside the iframe I process the variables that i receivep  pThe problem is that the iframe is created correctly only if i send a normal website without variables in the URL. If I send the variables I get this errorp  precode    Port error Could not establish connection. Receiving end does not exist.  codepre  pAnd my iframe gets this automatically p  precode    element.style       display none important      visibility hidden important      opacity 0 important      backgroundposition 0px 0px       codepre  pAny ideas why is this happening or alternativesp  pThank you so much.p
Negative 63 pI have this imagep  pa hrefhttpwww.problemio.comimgappstoreicon.png relnofollowhttpwww.problemio.comimgappstoreicon.pngap  pWhen I render it on a web browser, it looks fine, but if I look at it from my phones browser, it looks really stretched.p  pHere is how I display it in a divp  precodeltdiv stylefloat left width 300px paddingtop 15pxgt         ltpgtlth3gtBusiness Planninglth3gtltpgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgt             ltpgtlta hrefhttpitunes.apple.comusappbusinessplanandcoachid554845193gt                 ltimg srchttpwww.problemio.comimgappstoreicon.png styleborder none altiPhone and iPad Business Plan App gtltagt             ltpgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat left paddingleft 10pxgt             ltpgt             lta hrefhttpsplay.google.comstoreappsdetailsidbusiness.premiumgt             ltimg srchttpproblemio.comimggoogleplayicon.png styleborder none altAndroid Business Plan App gtltagt             ltpgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv styleclearbothgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pAny idea what may be causing the image to stretch when viewing on a mobile phonep
Negative 63 pIm working on converting software that runs in the MacUnix environment C Shell scrips into something Windows can handle. When we release the Windows version, the team dont want to make users download anything outside what we ship to use the software, which counts out using portability software like Cygwin and bettersuited scripting languages like python.p  pGoogling for a windows csh interpreter we could ship with the code came up dry. The few projects I found along these lines are limited to simulating the Unix environment on a users computer. strongIs there an easy way to use bash scripts in software running in Windows, potentially with some code we can ship with itstrong Compile it naively, steal Cygwins interpreter, whatever solution works. p  pThe code automates iterating through a number of different inputs to our software, involving file manipulation and math, but doesnt have any external dependencies. This script is updated occasionally from outside the company, so the solution should ideally be applicable for future scripts. p  pId emreallyem like to avoid translating hundreds of lines of complicated csh commands to DOS by hand.p
Negative 63 pHow can I access the array from within block in Rubyp  pFor examplep  precode[1,2,3].eache puts THEWHOLEARRAY.inspect  codepre  pWhere codeTHEWHOLEARRAYcode should return code[1,2,3]code.p
Negative 63 pI am in the process of converting an already exisiting Java Web application into a RESTful web application using Spring MVC and Groovy. One of the main features I wanted to achieve was HOT DEPLOYMENT. I chose groovy because I did not want to make changes to the already implemented Business logichandlers and also if I had to ever make changes to the groovy code after deployment, I could easily do that without restarting the serverie. at runtime.  This can be done because Spring supports Dynamic reloading of groovy scriptsbeans. It reloads classes of dynamic languages if they are changed.p  pI am using Spring annotations to map request URLs to controller methods and the application is deployed in tomcat 6.0.35.p  pThis is the web.xml filep  precodeweb.xml          ltxml version  1.0 encoding  UTF8gt         ltwebapp xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee             xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance             xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee httpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp25.xsd version2.5gt           lt Spring Dispatcher gt          ltservletgt               ltservletnamegtrestltservletnamegt               ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt               ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt          ltservletgt          ltservletmappinggt               ltservletnamegtrestltservletnamegt               lturlpatterngtservicelturlpatterngt          ltservletmappinggt         lt Loads application context files in addition to  contextConfigLocation gt         ltlistenergt             ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt         ltlistenergt                  lt Set session timeout to 30 minutes gt         ltsessionconfiggt             ltsessiontimeoutgt30ltsessiontimeoutgt         ltsessionconfiggt     ltwebappgt codepre  pThis groovy file is the controller to which the DispatcherServlet maps the request.p  precode UserController.groovy  Controller class UserController         This is the method to which the HTTP request is submitted to based on the mapping of the       action field of the form ie. serviceuserloginauth.json     RequestMappingvalueuserloginauth.extension[azAZ], methodRequestMethod.POST     ResponseBody     public String authenticate     PathVariable String extension,     RequestParamvalueusername, requiredtrue String username,     RequestParamvaluepassword, requiredtrue String password                UserResource makes the backend calls, authenticates a user and returns the result.         def user  new UserResource         def result  user.loginnameusername, userPasswordpassword           Output the result of the query. Method makeView makes a JSON response of the result          and sends to the clientbrowser          def builder  makeViewextension                       it.loginactionresult.action, messageresult.message                  codepre  pThe Spring configuration file is as follows where I have used the langgroovy tag which supports dynamic languages. I have also mentioned the refresh time to be 5 seconds, so that any changes made to those groovy files at runtime can be seen every 1 second and the classes are reloaded. p  precodeapplicationContext.xml  ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans      xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance      xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext      xmlnslanghttpwww.springframework.orgschemalang     xmlnsphttpwww.springframework.orgschemap      xmlnschttpwww.springframework.orgschemac      xmlnsutilhttpwww.springframework.orgschemautil      xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans           httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.1.xsd          httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext           httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext3.1.xsd          httpwww.springframework.orgschemautil           httpwww.springframework.orgschemautilspringutil3.1.xsd         httpwww.springframework.orgschemalang         httpwww.springframework.orgschemalangspringlang3.1.xsdgt      ltcontextannotationconfiggt     ltcontextcomponentscan basepackageapp.controller,app.resource gt       ltlanggroovy iduser scriptsourceclasspathcontrollerUserController.groovy refreshcheckdelay1000gtltlanggroovygt      lt To enable RequestMapping process on type level and method level gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.DefaultAnnotationHandlerMapping gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.AnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter gt      lt Resolves view names to template resources within the directory gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolvergt         ltproperty nameprefix valuegt         ltproperty namesuffix value.htmlgt     ltbeangt  ltbeansgt codepre  pI have configured my Buildpath and groovy compiler accordingly, so that all the groovy scripts directly get copied to the target folder instead of getting compiled to class files.p  pstrongTHE MAIN PROBLEMstrong br strongWhen I deploy this project in a tomcat server, it loads all the Spring beans required including the ScriptProcessor. Now, when I go to my browser, load the form, and try to submit the authentication form, I get the following error in Tomcat logstrongp  precode152009 WARN  No mapping found for HTTP request with URI [serviceuserloginauth.json] in DispatcherServlet with name rest codepre  pI have also made changes in TOMCATDIRconfcontext.xml to antilock resources and JARSp  precodeltContext antiResourceLockingtrue antiJARLockingtrue reloadabletrue privilegedtruegt . . .ltContextgt codepre  pHowever, if I configure my project to compile those groovy scripts into bytecode classes, comment out the langgroovy tag in applicationContext.xml, and then restart the server, the groovy scripts get compiled into class files and the request is serviced perfectly. Authentication takes place. p  pAlso, if I configure the dynamic beans in my applicationContet.xml using the following two lines instead of the  tag, my beans DO get created dynamically at runtime and the URLs do get mapped to the respective controller methods because of the annotations.p  precodeltbean classorg.springframework.scripting.support.ScriptFactoryPostProcessor gt  ltbean id User classorg.springframework.scripting.groovy.GroovyScriptFactorygt    ltconstructorarg valueclasspathcontrollerUserController.groovy gt ltbeangt codepre  pBut I do not know how to create the bean refreshing functionality with this style. So I guess there is an issue with the way the  tag processes the groovy scripts.p  pI would really appreciate some help on this. I have searched all over the internet and read an infinite number of tutorials, and followed the exact procedure mentioned there. But I cant find out whats going wrong.p  pPlease help me solve this problem.p  pThank you.p
Negative 63 pI may be missing something obvious but for some reason Outlook.com is overriding the margin and lineheight for the P tag it emconvenientlyem wraps all images in. Any solutions to remove this unwanted space at the bottomp  precodelttable width196 cellspacing0 cellpadding0 border0 stylebordercollapsecollapsegt  lttrgt    lttd valigntop alignleft width196 height45gt      lttable width196 cellspacing0 cellpadding0 border0 stylebordercollapsecollapsegt         lttrgt           lttd stylefontsize0lineheight0bordercollapsecollapseborderbottom1px solid BBBBBBpadding0bordercollapsecollapsebackgroundred valigntop alignleft width196gt              lta href stylefontsize0lineheight0 targetblankgt                 ltimg stylewidth137pxheight44pxdisplayblock src width137 height44 altgtltagt            lttdgt          lttrgt       lttablegt     lttdgt   lttrgtlttablegt codepre
Negative 63 pHere is a image of my android icon for the app Contak in red compared to some other icons  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.combnej4.jpg althttpi.imgur.comn4oa5mY.jpg. My image was failing to upload to imgur, so sorry I couldnt embed. p  pMy icon is a decent amount smaller than other icons and it bothers me somewhat. I saw other questions where people put wrong sized icons in the drawable folders, but I used the new built in SDK tool and put 10 on padding so it shouldnt have an error. p  pI also addedcodeltsupportsscreens androidanyDensitytruegtcode into my app. Any ideas whats up Thanks in advancep
Negative 63 precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt int mainvoid     char array[20]      printf nSize of array is dn, sizeofarray   outputs 20     printfnSize of amparray[0] is dn, sizeofamparray[0] output 4  codepre  pCode above gives code20code for codesizeofarraycode and code4code for codesizeofamparray[0]code. p  pWhat I knew was instead of giving array as a argument, its first element can be passed. Shouldnt they give same output as 20 and why codeamparray[0]code gives 4 as result char is stored in 1 byte as far as I knowp
Negative 63 pI have an implementation of a sticky footer.  I actually have the sticky stuff working.  But now I want to add a interior contentbox div which will span the entire screen.p  pPlease refer to a hrefhttpembeddedanalytics.comeashort2.html relnofollowthis pagea.  p  pWhat is needed to have the white area be the same height as the cyan areap
Negative 63 pI am getting a password in some encrypted format and I want to save it into my db with real password. What should I dop  pMy code isp  precodefunction login          FB.loginfunctionresponse             ProcessLoginresponse             ifresponse.status  connected                              hdnFacebookID.valresponse.authResponse.userID                  FB.apimefieldsemail,firstname,lastname,id,gender,birthday,picture,thirdpartyid,location, functionme                     LogToConsoleme                     if me.id                          txtfname.valme.firstname                         txtlname.valme.lastname                         txtemail.valme.email                         hdnFacebookID.valme.id                          txtpwd.valme.thirdpartyid                           isFacebookSignup  true                          btncreateUser.click                                                             ,                      scope publishstream,useraboutme,userlocation,email,userbirthday                codepre  pThe parameter I am getting is codeme.thirdpartyidcode. It gives me the encrypted password p  precode yNE7ci9wEQwzqyvP4OjGSoEuZ9Y  codepre  pit is not my password. So I want to get my password. What should I do  p
Negative 63 pIm working on a little 2D graphicsgame library for personal use and currently Im trying to think of a way to improve performance when drawing tiled maps. Currently I am creating a static GLQUADS VBO for each tile in the map and then drawing it to the screen. Each VBO is referencing a texture loaded into memory which is subimaged and mapped to the VBO.p  pCurrently, I have a 20 x 20 tile map that I am testing with. With my current implementation, since I have to draw each individual tile, that is 400 glDraw calls every frame. p  pIs there any way to, for example, make each row of the tile map ONE VBO This would reduce the glDraw calls to 20, for this example. How would I map the subimages Individual tiles can be rotated.p  pI have seen some references to using a Texture Atlas. Would that be a good alternative Any useful links on how to implement this in openglp  pCODEp  pCurrent render methodp  precodepublic void render      texture.bind      glEnableGLTEXTURE2D     glEnableGLBLEND     glBlendFuncGLSRCALPHA, GLONEMINUSSRCALPHA      glEnableClientStateGLVERTEXARRAY     glEnableClientStateGLCOLORARRAY     glEnableClientStateGLTEXTURECOORDARRAY      for SpriteSheet spriteSheet  spriteSheets          VBO vbo  spriteSheet.getVBO         float angle  spriteSheet.getAngle          vbo.bind         if angle  0              glPushMatrix              Vector2f position  spriteSheet.getPosition              glTranslatefposition.x, position.y, 0             glRotatefangle, 0.0f, 0.0f, 1             glTranslatefposition.x, position.y, 0              glVertexPointerVertex.positionElementCount, GLFLOAT, Vertex.stride, Vertex.positionByteOffset             glColorPointerVertex.colorElementCount, GLFLOAT, Vertex.stride, Vertex.colorByteOffset             glTexCoordPointerVertex.textureElementCount, GLFLOAT, Vertex.stride, Vertex.textureByteOffset              glDrawArraysvbo.getMode, 0, Vertex.elementCount              glPopMatrix                  else              glVertexPointerVertex.positionElementCount, GLFLOAT, Vertex.stride, Vertex.positionByteOffset             glColorPointerVertex.colorElementCount, GLFLOAT, Vertex.stride, Vertex.colorByteOffset             glTexCoordPointerVertex.textureElementCount, GLFLOAT, Vertex.stride, Vertex.textureByteOffset              glDrawArraysvbo.getMode, 0, Vertex.elementCount                  vbo.unbind           glDisableClientStateGLTEXTURECOORDARRAY     glDisableClientStateGLCOLORARRAY     glDisableClientStateGLVERTEXARRAY      glDisableGLBLEND     glDisableGLTEXTURE2D      texture.unbind  codepre
Negative 63 pThe HTML5 a hrefhttpwww.w3.orgTRwebmessagingwebmessaging relnofollowpostMesssage APIa allows sending message between window opener and openee. However, it requires referencelinkage to the receiver window.p  pIs there a pure client side JavaScript way to broadcast events to all window subscriber, under same doaminname, opened by user e.g. Duplicate Tab same session, without help of serverp  pFor now, I come up with few ideasp  ul liServer side channel by SESSION and pollingli liJS Cooking update and polling hard cookie playli lilocalstorage update and polling even worstli liWebRTC poor browser supportli ul  pIs there a API I missedp  pBTW,  No crossdomain is need. I am thinking of same domain, multiple open by user.p
Negative 63 precodeA  a  new B agtfoo codepre  pSuppose B derives A and foo is a virtual function. This example is quite frequent, the problem is that in some places it is said that compiler wont attempt to inline this, where in other places the exact opposite is stated.p  pI personally do not see a reason why this call could not be inlined, because it is quite easy to tell in compile time which function is getting called.p  pEdit 1 I am aware of the general case, and am also aware that the compiler takes many factors to decide whether to inline or not. The question would be probably better formed if I asked if the compiler strongmightstrong inline this strongparticularstrong call.p  pThe reason I am asking this is this particular quote from  a hrefhttpwww.parashift.comcfaqinlinevirtuals.html relnofollowthis C FAQa which says p  blockquote   pWhen the object is referenced via a pointer or a reference, a call to a virtual function cannot be inlined, since the call must be resolved dynamically.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI am using the Bootstraps tab plugin to create tabs on a page. On all of these tabs I have a custommade widget which consists of a div of certain fixed height with codeoverflow autocode and an inner div which is somewhat higher and therefore makes the outer div scrollable.p  pNow, the problem is that when you scroll down even just a bit in one of these divs, switch tabs the bootstrap tabs, not browser tabs and come back, you see that the div has scrolled to the top automatically.p  pSee a JS fiddle here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netQM6LQ relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netQM6LQap  pScroll down within Home tab, switch to Profile, switch to Home and you will be at the topp  pOn its own its not that much of a problem but my widget listens to scrolling events of the outer div code....scroll...code and makes layout changes based on how far you scroll. When the automatic scroll happens no scroll event is fired and the widgets appearance is broken.p  pSo, I would like to ask if you have any ideas how top  ul lipdisable the automatic scrolling on tab switchpli lipor find out about the scrolling when it happenspli ul  pMany thanksp
Negative 63 pI am working with gps system. I want to read data from GPS device. I am using NMEA protocol. I am getting Data from Device but it is some what like ecoded ASCII string which i dont get. So Is there any way to get desire data. My Code is as under..p  precode My Code  ServerSocket ss  new ServerSocket1500 Socket s1  ss.accept Whiles1  null       InputStream is  s1.getInputStream      BufferedReader br  new InputStreamReaderis       String result  br.readLine      System.out.printlnresultl   codepre  pbut i am getting encoded out put or something. So reply me correct way to read NMEA data.p
Negative 63 pI have class to be mocked but it is not having default constructor. I cannot change the source code. So is there any way to mock a parametrized constructor using Gmock.  Its urgent.p
Negative 63 pim trying to add the item in the listivew as favorite in the favorites list.when im clicking on the buttonADD TO FAVORITES it is not adding the item in the favorites list. This is my Html page for Favorites list.p  pIm creating a dynamic page for displaying the content of the text file. In this page i have a button for Add to Favorites when i click on the button a codedialog boxcode for asking user codeYEScode or codeNOcode to add in favorites if codeYEScode that particular page has to add to favourites list but im not getting any thing.p  pfor Dialog boxp  precodeltdiv datarolepage idaddToFavoritesDialoggt      ltdiv dataroleheadergt         lth1gtAdd to Favoriteslth1gt     ltdivgt     ltdiv datarolecontentgt     ltpgt     lta href datarolebutton datathemeb classaddToFavoritesButtongtYesltagt         lta href datarelback datarolebutton classnogtNo thank youltagt     ltpgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv datarolefootergt      ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pDynamic page in Js filep  precode.mobile.pageContainer.appendltdiv datarolepage id  seq   classitemsgt    ltdiv datarolecontentgt    ltdivgt    ltdiv datarolefooter datapositionfixedgt    lta hrefhome dataiconhomegtHomeltagt    lta href datarolebutton classaddToFavoritesDivgtAdd to Favoritesltagt    ltdivgt    ltdivgt codepre  pcodep  precode.addToFavoritesDiv.liveclick, functionevent  var idthis.data  seq .mobile.changePageaddtofav.html, roledialog,dataidid   .addToFavoritesButton.livevclick, functionevent, ui var idthis.data  seq addToStorageid addToFavoritesDialog.dialogclose   document.onclick,fav, functionevent, ui                 get our favs                 var favs  getStorage                 var favoritesList  favoritesList                 if .isEmptyObjectfavs                      if favoritesList.size  0                          favoritesList  ltul idfavoritesList datainsettruegtltulgt                         var s  ltli datarolelistdividergtFavoritesltligt                         for var key in favs                              s ltligtlta hrefindex.htmlkeygtfavs[key]ltagtltligt                                                  favoritesList.appends                         homePageContent.appendfavoritesList                         favoritesList.listview                      else                          favoritesList.empty                         var s  ltli datarolelistdividergtFavoritesltligt                         for var key in favs                              s favoritesList.appendltligtlta hrefindex.htmlkeygtfavs[key]ltagtltligt                                                  favoritesList.appends                         favoritesList.listviewrefresh                                       else                       remove list if it exists and there are no favs                     iffavoritesList.size gt 0 favoritesList.remove                               codepre  pCan anyone help me to get the favorites p  pThanks in Advance.p
Negative 63 pI have the following functionp  precodefunction movecurrentPath, newPath      if thisgtcreateFoldernewPath         return false      if renamecurrentPath, newPath         return false      return true  codepre  pwhere createFolder checks if the directory exists, and if it doesnt, creates it.  Im consistently getting the following warningp  prenamehomeuserfolderfolderappwebrootimglistingsincomplete150picture1.png,homeuserfolderfolderappwebrootimglistings130picture1.png Is a directory p  pThe file is successfully copied to the second directory, but is not deleted from the first directory.  rename returns false and this warning is given.  I thought it might be something with permissions, but after trying a bunch of things I couldnt seem to figure it out.  p  pAny help would be appreciated.p
Negative 63 precodeI have two classes given following  FIRST CLASS   ifndef SAPPOSITIONCLASSHPP define SAPPOSITIONCLASSHPP include SapArchive.hpp class SapPositionClass   double mdlatitude  double mdlongitude public     SapPositionClassdouble latitude,double longitude     double GetLatitude const     double GetLongitude const     void SetPositiondouble latitude,double longitude     friend SapArchiveamp operator ltltSapArchiveamp stream,const SapPositionClassamp obj     friend SapArchiveamp operator gtgtSapArchiveamp stream,SapPositionClassamp obj     SapPositionClass      SapArchiveamp operator ltltSapArchiveamp stream,const SapPositionClassamp obj         stream ltlt obj.mushId ltlt obj.msztitle ltlt obj.mdlatitude ltlt obj.mdlongitude ltlt obj.mshaltitudeMeter     return stream         SapArchiveamp operator gtgtSapArchiveamp stream,SapPositionClassamp obj         stream gtgt obj.mushId gtgt obj.msztitle gtgt obj.mdlatitude gtgt obj.mdlongitude gtgt obj.mshaltitudeMeter     return stream     endif  SECOND CLASS  define SAPMINEFIELDBREACHCLASSSHPP include SapEntityClass.hpp include SapPositionClass.hpp class SapMinefieldBreachClass      unsigned short mushminefieldId     QString mszbreachDescription     SapPositionClass mobjposition public     SapMinefieldBreachClassunsigned short minefieldId,SapPositionClass position, QString description     unsigned short GetMinefieldId const     QString GetBreachDescription const     void SetBreachDescriptionconst QString breachDescription     SapPositionClass GetPosition const     void SetPositionSapPositionClass position  endif  SAFE LANE CLASS  ifndef SAPSAFELANECLASSHPP define SAPSAFELANECLASSHPP include SapEntityClass.hpp include SapPositionClass.hpp             class SapSafeLaneClass  public SapEntityClass                              unsigned short mushminefieldId                 QListltSapPositionClassgt mobjlayoutPointList                 unsigned short mushwidthMeter             public                 SapSafeLaneClassunsigned short minefieldId,const unsigned short id,const QString title                 SapSafeLaneClassunsigned short minefieldId,const unsigned short id,const QString title,unsigned short width,QListltSapPositionClassgt layoutPointListthrow SapArgumentNullException                 unsigned short GetMinefieldId const                 unsigned short GetWidth const                 QListltSapPositionClassgt GetLayoutPointList const                 void SetLayoutPointListQListltSapPositionClassgt layoutPointList throw SapArgumentNullException  codepre  pendif p  pPROBLEM    when i compiling these classes i get following warning p  hr  pSapSafeLaneClass.obj1 warning LNK4006 class SapArchive amp cdecl operatorltltclass     SapArchive amp,class SapPositionClass const amp     6YAAAVSapArchiveAAV3452ABVSapPositionClass012Z already defined in       SapMinefieldBreachClass.obj     second definition ignoredp  pplease help to avoid this warning....p
Negative 63 pI am trying to use the JQuery plugin Tag It to source its autocomplete data from a MySQL database as well as the tag id. This my php file tag.phpp  precodeltphp requiredatabaseconnect.php  headerContenttype applicationjson  if stmt  mysqligtprepareSELECT tid, tag FROM list       stmtgtexecute  Execute the prepared query.     stmtgtstoreresult     stmtgtbindresulttid, tag     while stmtgtfetch          arr[tid]  tag        echo jsonencodearr  gt codepre  pThis echos the following 1a,2b,...,16zp  pI then use the following javascript to use the Tag It functionp  precodefunction     var myTags  edit     myTags.tagit         allowSpaces true,         removeConfirmation true,         autocomplete              source coretag.php                codepre  pWhat I want to happen is that when a user types in the Tag It box, a list of tags from the database appears, but when they eventually submit the form, the id called tid in this example is sent to the php script that processes the form, with this sort of system a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5160307howcanicreateataggingsystemusingphpandmysqlhow can i create a tagging system using php and mysqlap  pAt the moment no autocomplete appears when the user types in the Tag It box, but the rest of the plugin works. Can anyone help me get the autocomplete to appear and also get the tag id to be placed in the form so it is processed when the user submitsp  pMany thanks for your time.p
Negative 63 pI have already searched a solution for my question and I found this one a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9954910howtoenabledisablemultiplesubmitbuttonsonaformdependingonselectionoanswertabactivetabtopthe solution on jsfiddlea.However, I have 3 different text inputs instead of radio buttons and I dont know how to do it. Can someone please help me Thanks in advance.p  pstrongHTML CODEstrong               p  precodeltform actionechojson1gt     ltinput typesubmit idbutton1 valueButton 1 classbuttonGroupDependent disabledgt ltformgt ltform actionechojson2gt     ltinput typesubmit idbutton2 valueButton 2 classbuttonGroupDependent disabledgt ltformgt ltform actionechojson3gt     ltinput typesubmit idbutton3 valueButton 3 classbuttonGroupDependent disabledgt ltformgt codepre  pstrongJS CODEstrong    p  precodedocument.readyfunction     input[namebuttonGroup].changefunction         input.buttonGroupDependent.attrdisabled, true           this.data.trigger.attrdisabled, false       codepre
Negative 63 pI want to create a similar button as in a hrefhttplenta.ru relnofollowLenta.rua, with a smooth a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.coma04sF.gif relnofollowretractable effecta, can you help me with thatp
Negative 63 pI have a simple menu that when hover it will have a drop down menu. The code is working when testing in Fiddle but not working on IE when run the whole page locally. Can anybody helpp  pheres my code at fiddle[httpjsfiddle.netbACbW]p  precodeltDIV alignleft idfloatingmenugtltFONT classsubheadinggt ltul classdropmenugt     ltligtlta hrefgtMAIN MENUltagt ltul classdropmenugt ltligtWELCOMEltligt ltligtPERSONAL INFORMATIONltligt  ltulgt       ltligt ltulgt ltFONTgtltDIVgt codepre  pgeneral.cssp  precode     All UL      floatingmenu ul      liststyletype none     width auto     height 30px     background FF0040    All LI  floatingmenu ul li          padding 5px 10px         height 30px         position relative     First Level LI  floatingmenugtulgtli      float left     height 30px     lineheight 27px     textaligh center     color 9c9c9c    floatingmenu li ul      display none     position absolute     left 0     width 200px     floatingmenu lihover ul      display block    floatingmenu li li      borderbottom 1px solid ffffff    floatingmenu li lihover      background 5e8ce9   .dropmenu      zoom1   .dropmenuafter      content      clear both     display block  codepre
Negative 63 pSo Im creating a vim script that needs to load and parse a JSON file into a local object graph.  I searched and I couldnt find any native way to process a JSON file, and I dont want to add any dependencies to the script.  So I wrote my own function to parse the JSON string gotten from the file, but its really slow.  At the moment, I iterate through each character in the file like sop  precodelet len  strlenjsonString  1 let i  0 while i lt len     let c  strpartjsonString, i, 1     let i  1      A lot of code to process file....      Note Ive tried short cutting the process by searching for enclosing doublequotes when I come across the initial double quotes also taking into account escaping  character.  It doesnt help endwhile codepre  pIve also tried this methodp  precodefor c in splitjsonString, zs      Do a lot of parsing .... endfor codepre  pFor reference, a file with 29,000 characters takes about 4 seconds to process, which is unacceptable.  p  pIs there a better way to iterate over a string in vim scriptp  pOr better yet, have I missed a native function to parse JSON p  h2Updateh2  pI asked for no dependencies because I p  ol liDidnt want to deal with them li liGenuinely wanted some ideas for best way to do this without someone elses work.li liSometimes I just like to do things manually even though the problem has already been solved.  li ol  pIm not against plugins or dependencies at all, its just that Im curious.  Thus the question.p  pI ended up creating my own function to parse the JSON file.  I was creating a script that could parse the codepackage.jsoncode file associated with node.js modules.  Because of this, I could rely on a fairly consistent format and quit the processing whenever Id retrieved the information I needed.  This usually cut out large chunks of the file since most developers put the largest chunk of the file, their readme section, at the end.  Because the codepackage.jsoncode file is strictly defined, I left the process somewhat fragile.  It assumed a root dictionary code code and actively looks for certain entries. You can find the script here a hrefhttpsgithub.comahaymanvimnodejscompleteblobmasterafterftpluginjavascript.vimL33 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comahaymanvimnodejscompleteblobmasterafterftpluginjavascript.vimL33a.p  pOf course, this doesnt answer my own question.  Its only the solution to my unique problem.  Ill wait a few days for new answers and pick the best one before the bounty ends already set an alarm on my phone.  p
Negative 63 pIve been using jQuery UI with Bootstrap and I seem to run into a problem that I havent had before. Im not sure what has changed Ive tried setting back different version of jQuery and I didnt update the jQuery UI in the meanwhile. So Im not exactly sure what broke.p  pThe error from the console when I click on any date in the datepicker returnsp  precodeUncaught TypeError Cannot set property currentDay of undefined  codepre  pThe code is fairly straightforward as one would expect from a datepickerp  precode.datepicker.datepicker dateFormat ddmmyy   codepre  pWith the following HTMLp  precodeltinput typetext classdatepicker gt codepre  pIs this a bug that should be reported since no other Google matches turn up or is it something else Ive missedp
Negative 63 pI have an app where the user can scan barcodes and it will display information in realtime over the cameras view. Is it possible to have the iPad autolock after a set time while in the video feed It is very likely that the user will set down the iPad while the app is running for the scenario in which it will be used, and this would pose a significant problem for battery life.p
Negative 63 pI constructed a soap request and received the response. I unmarshalled the response using JAXB context and got the object which contains the response. p  precodeJAXBContext jc  JAXBContext.newInstanceResponseMessage.class Unmarshaller um  jc.createUnmarshaller ResponseMessage output  NumberResponseMessageum.unmarshalsoapResponse.getSOAPBody.extractContentAsDocument codepre  pNow I can access the data in the response object output via get....getValue methods and print it in the console. But the issue arises when I try to send the response object by adding it to a ModelAndView attribute to a JSP page.p  precodeModel model.addAttributeresponse, output codepre  pThe error I get is  JSP dont know how to iterate over the given itemsas I try  loop. p  precodeltcforEach var Res itemsoutputgt lttdgtRes.TransactionIdlttdgt ltcforEachgt codepre  pSince the response object contains hundreds of data and also inner JAXBlt arrays, its not possible to set all the data to a user bean and then access.p  pCan anyone advice me as how to iterate over the response object in the JSP pagep
Negative 63 pWhen I have a a hrefhttpapi.nellafw.orgclassDoctrine.DBAL.Schema.Table.html relnofollowcodeTablecodea reference and I call a hrefhttpapi.nellafw.orgsourceclassDoctrine.DBAL.Schema.Schema.html237252 relnofollowcoderenameColumncodea on it, I get the following pair of errorsp  blockquote   pMigration 20130725141653 failed during Execution. Error TablerenameColumn was removed, because it drops and recreates the column instead. There is no fix available, because a schema diff cannot reliably detect if a column was renamed or one column was created and another one dropped.p      p[DoctrineDBALDBALException]p      pTablerenameColumn was removed, because it drops and recreates the column instead. There is no fix available, because a schema diff cannot reliably detect if a column was renamed or one column was created and another one dropped.p blockquote  pexecuted via codedoctrine migrationsmigrate dryruncodep  pWhich makes sense... for a diff program.p  pIm writing a migration. I know that I want the column renamed preserving data. Is there any pure Doctrine method I dont want to write a raw query to acheive thisp
Negative 63 pIm having some problems iterating through a files lines, it seems like i can only use the eachline method once per filep  precodefile  openfilepath file.eachline  puts Q puts  file.eachline  puts Q puts  file.eachline  puts Q puts  file.eachline  puts Q  Output on a file with three lines in it  Q Q Q    codepre  pit works fine with a regular iteratorp  precode3.times  puts Q puts  3.times  puts Q puts  3.times  puts Q puts  3.times  puts Q  Output on a file with three lines in it  Q Q Q  Q Q Q  Q Q Q  Q Q Q codepre  pIs there anything im missingp
Negative 63 pWhat PHP or jQuery could I write that could automatically find the first instance of a phrase e.g. Daily Digest inside of an element usually a codeltpgtcode tag and automatically add a span around the text with a class of my choosingp  pIn other words, I want the first instance of the phrase Daily Digest inside of any element on the page to be highlighted in a red color without the user having to add a span around the text themselves since the people using the site are code illiterate. If the phrase is used more than once inside of a codedivcode or other element, I would only like the first instance to be highlighted.p
Negative 63 pi am writing a online tictactoe game and i have a function in javascript that check that if some where clicked in the screen is not X or O then mark it with X or O and then update the database where is clicked. here is my javascript code in play.php page this is in   where check that with codeisEmptycode function . codepathcode is the variable that detect which cells in tictactoe is clickedfrom 1 to 9 p  precode.... if isEmptyxBoard, oBoard, bit      path.pushy3x1     alertpath     markBitbit, playerXO     .ajax            type POST,            url gameProcess.php,            data                      ID  path                     ,            dataType json,             success function                 alertsuccess             ,      .... codepre  pi use ajax to update something in database with PHP gameProcess.php and send ID value to write in a table of mysql Database.here is my gameProcess.php codep  precodeltphp  function postkey  if issetPOST[key]     return POST[key] return false    setup the database connect cxn  mysqlconnectlocalhost, root, Mazda1428 if cxn exit mysqlselectdbirgc, cxn   check if we can get hold of the form field if postID exit   let make sure we escape the data val  mysqlrealescapestringpostID, cxn   lets setup our insert query sql  UPDATE  game SET sequence.val. WHERE id  2   lets run our query result  mysqlquerysql, cxn   setup our response object resp  new stdClass respgtsuccess  false ifresult  respgtsuccess  true   print jsonencoderesp gt codepre  pbut when i open the browser and go in play.php and click in tictactoe game the first time is OK. but after that no thing will add in DB but still i see the alertsuccess. finally,sorry for bad english.p
Negative 63 pAs a DirectX noob im trying to wrap my head around depth buffers and specifically how pixel shaders are called for obscured pixels.p  pFrom what i understand, the rasterizer calls the pixel shader for each pixel that is covering the primitive beeing drawn, then later in the output merger stage, the output merger checks the depth buffer and either discards, writes or blends the pixel in the back buffer.p  pThis seems wasteful though if im rendering a simple opaque object in front of a very complex one, so it seems it would be useful to have the rasterizer check the depthmap Before even calling the pixel shaders for the complex object.p  pDoing research ive found references to early Z test  conservative Z testing and so on, but there also seems to be very little documentation about it. i looked for a way to configure that on the rasterizer state desc object, but i only found anything like that on the OM state desc.p  pIt also seems like this was possible to set with SetRenderState in DX9 i have no experience with DX9 either thoughp  pFrom my research it seems like this is something some hardware just does if i render objects front to back, is that correct How can i even tell With all the Control DirectX gives you it seems weird that there is no control over this, as it seems to be a good optimization p  pAny info or references on this is appriciatedp
Negative 63 pIm building a shopping cart and using a cookie to store the cart contents in a JSON object.p  pOn each page, using Javascript, I need to retrieve the cookie, parse the JSON and iterate over each row, to display the described product in the basket summary.p  pI decided not to use keys in the array, since if I have a record of the designation of each position, why do I need to store it in the cookie. I thought that was a smart idea, but now all my searching turns up are suggestions to use the keys.p  pThis is a sample of the JSONp  precode    9999.9999[CentOS6,2,0.5,150,23.90],    0002.0004[Support5,,3,5,12.99],    9999.9999[UbuntuServer12.04LTS,1,1,220,42.60]  codepre  pI was expecting to be able to access the price for example which is in the last field of each row of the 2nd record, like sop  precodebasket  JSON.parsebasket price  basket[1][4] codepre  pThat doesnt seem to work.p  pThere are really two parts to this question.p  ol liHow to cherry pick a value directly from the basketli liHow to iterate through it, allowing me to operate on each row in turnli ol  pIn case youre wondering about the first field. That is the SKU of the product. The reason there are two 9999.9999 is because that is a reserved number, indicating that the product was a custom product doesnt refer directly to a catalogue item.p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pBased on Samers answer below, I have updated the code to use arrays, as followsp  pThe JSON now looks like thisp  precode[    [9999.9999,CentOS6,2,0.5,150,23.90],    [0002.0004,Support5,,3,5,12.99],    [9999.9999,UbuntuServer12.04LTS,1,1,220,42.60] ] codepre  pIm now attempting to access it from the cookie as followsp  precodevar basket  readCookiebasket basket      JSON.parsebasket alert Price of item 2   basket[1][5]  codepre  pOnly, instead of alerting, Price of item 2  12.99 I get Price of item 2  undefined.p  pIm wondering what Ive done wrongp  pstrongUPDATE 2strongp  pStill having trouble with this. Maybe I should explain how were getting the data into the cookie.p  pThe array on the cookie can be updated on the server using PHP when adding custom items or clientside using Javascript when a catalogue item is added.p  pCurrently, Im concentrating on items added server side. Im using the following code to add the cookiep  precodelt extractPOST, EXTRSKIP   Get contents of existing basket if any minus last ]  so that its ready to be added to.  if issetCOOKIE[basket]       basket  jsondecodeCOOKIE[basket]     chars  strlenbasket1     echo ltpregt.vardumpbasket.ltpregt      cookieVal  substrbasket, 0, chars      cookieVal . ,     [9999.9999,sltOS,vcpuPoints,.ramPoints.,storagePoints,.baseServerCostMonthUSD.]]      cookieVal  jsonencodecookieVal            Sample format            [[9999.9999,CentOS6,2,0.5,150,23.90],     [0002.0004,Support5,,3,5,12.99],     [9999.9999,UbuntuServer12.04LTS,1,1,220,42.60]]                else       cookieVal  jsonencode[[9999.9999,sltOS,vcpuPoints,.ramPoints.,storagePoints,.baseServerCostMonthUSD.]]    exp  time3600  sets expiry to 1 hour setcookie  basket , cookieVal, exp,   codepre  pThen clientside for reading the cookie, I have this, which is called when the page is loadedp  precodefunction initBasket       var basket  readCookiebasket      if isJSONbasket            Well populate the basket          basket  JSON.parsebasket         alertbasket[1][5]       else           sList.htmlYour basket is empty.         return         codepre  pstrongUPDATE 3strong Finally got it working. Thanks for your help.p  pMaybe the code can help others, so Ive included the final code belowp  pThe PHPp  precodeif issetCOOKIE[basket]       cookieVal       jsondecodeCOOKIE[basket]     cookieVal[]     array                                                      9999.9999,                             sltOS,                             vcpuPoints,                             ramPoints,                             storagePoints,                             baseServerCostMonthUSD                              cookieVal       jsonencodecookieVal   else       cookieArr[]     array                                                      9999.9999,                             sltOS,                             vcpuPoints,                             ramPoints,                             storagePoints,                             baseServerCostMonthUSD                              cookieVal       jsonencodecookieArr     Save VPS choice in basket cookie exp  time3600  sets expiry to 1 hour setcookie  basket , cookieVal, exp,   codepre  pThe Javascriptp  precodefunction initBasket       var basket  readCookiebasket      if isJSONbasket            Well populate the basket         basket  JSON.parsebasket         alertbasket[1][5]       else           sList.htmlYour basket is empty.         return         codepre
Negative 63 pIs it possible to make a codePhoneGapcode app for codeiOScode without Mac My operating system is Win 8p
Negative 63 pIm using the Thematic framework along with custom post type ui plug in to make custom posts. So far I can access the permalink page of the custom posts, but they dont appear on the main index of posts made. I was wondering if it was possible to make the custom post types appear as part of the main post feed and how it is done if possible.p
Negative 63 pWeve prepared installer for our client using InstallShield technology. Installer works fine but client wants this installer in msi technology. We decided to create wrapper using WiX. Msi installer should do few thingsp  ol liExtract IS installer into temp directory.li liRun InstallShield setup.exe.li liRemove temporary directory after IS finish.li ol  pstrongWe havent done installer in WiX technology beforestrong,  those are our problemsp  ol liWe dont know how to embed directory with all its files installer into msi using WiX.li liWe dont know how to ONLY run msi it shouldnt install data, only run embeded IS setup.exe during installation and remove after.li liWe dont know how to run exe during installation.li ol  pThis is .wxs file which Ive created so farp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltWix xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwix2006wigt     ltProduct Id NameISSetupPackeger Language1033 Version1.0.0.0 ManufacturerMyCompany UpgradeCode8804d4592ea54bbc85f7dfc8419cafe4gt         ltPackage InstallerVersion200 Compressedyes InstallScopeperMachine Id InstallPrivilegeselevated gt          lt TODO setup.exe starts but we dont want to run it using cmd gt         ltCustomAction IdLaunchInstaller DirectoryInstallerDir ExeCommandcmd C setup.exe Impersonateyes Returnignore gt         ltInstallExecuteSequencegt             ltCustom ActionLaunchInstaller AfterInstallFinalize gt         ltInstallExecuteSequencegt          ltMedia Id1 Cabinetdata.cab EmbedCabyesgt             ltFeature IdProductFeature TitleWixInstallerProject Level1gt                 ltComponentGroupRef IdProductComponents gt             ltFeaturegt          lt TODO How to extract files to temp dir Is there some TEMP constant gt         ltDirectory IdTARGETDIR NameSourceDir gt             ltDirectory IdTempDir Nameinstgt                 ltDirectory IdInstallerDir NameInstallergt             ltDirectorygt         ltDirectorygt          lt component group which will be installed into tempdir gt         ltComponentGroup IdProductComponents DirectoryInstallerDirgt             ltComponent IdInstaller Guid7b8bd37f7eda4c3a81559dae1a6bbf98gt                 lt TODO How to embed directory with all its filessubdirectories gt                 ltFile IdSetup.dll NameSetup.dll DiskId1 SourceinstallerSetup.dllgt                 ltFile Iddata1.cab Namedata1.cab DiskId1 Sourceinstallerdata1.cabgt                 ltFile Iddata1.hdr Namedata1.hdr DiskId1 Sourceinstallerdata1.hdrgt                 ltFile Iddata2.cab Namedata2.cab DiskId1 Sourceinstallerdata2.cabgt                 ltFile Iddata2.hdr Namedata2.hdr DiskId1 Sourceinstallerdata2.hdrgt                 ltFile IdISSetup.dll NameISSetup.dll DiskId1 SourceinstallerISSetup.dllgt                 ltFile Idlayout.bin Namelayout.bin DiskId1 Sourceinstallerlayout.bingt                 ltFile Idsetup.exe Namesetup.exe DiskId1 Sourceinstallersetup.exegt                 ltFile Idsetup.ini Namesetup.ini DiskId1 Sourceinstallersetup.inigt             ltComponentgt         ltComponentGroupgt      ltProductgt  ltWixgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a very simply activity that prints a custom date time string to a textView. I implemented a runnable interface in the MainActivity it self and created a codeThreadcode at the end of codeonCreatecode method.p  precodeThread thread  new Threadthis thread.run codepre  pThis is the run method p  precodepublic void run           while true              try                  Thread.sleep1000                 localTime.setTextLocalTime.getTime.format2445                 System.out.printlnLocalTime.getTime.format2445              catch InterruptedException e                   TODO Autogenerated catch block                 e.printStackTrace                               codepre  pWhen i run it on the emulator i can see the System out in logcat. But the emulator shows ANR after about 5 seconds. What am i doing wrong. Is this method not suitable is Async Task is the way to go here I need to update the clock every second so is having a AsyncTask run forever is an acceptable patternp
Negative 63 pEssentially what Im trying to do is give an element a CSS animation when it gains a class, then reverse that animation when I remove the class strongwithout playing the animation when the DOM rendersstrong.p  pFiddle here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netbmh5ghttpjsfiddle.netbmh5gap  pAs you can see in the fiddle, when you hover the Hover Me button, codeitemcode flips down. When you mouseoff the hover button, codeitemcode just disappears. I want codeitemcode to flip back up ideally using the same animation but in reverse. Is this possiblep  pHTMLp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltdiv idtriggergtHover Meltdivgt ltdiv iditemgtltdivgt codepre  pCSSp    precodeitem      position relative     height 100px     width 100px     background red      webkittransform perspective350px rotateX90deg     transform perspective350px rotateX90deg     webkittransformorigin 50 0     transformorigin 50 0   item.flipped      animation flipper 0.7s     animationfillmode forwards     webkitanimation flipper 0.7s     webkitanimationfillmode forwards   keyframes flipper      0  transform perspective350px rotateX90deg      33  transform perspective350px rotateX0deg      66  transform perspective350px rotateX10deg      100  transform perspective350px rotateX0deg    webkitkeyframes flipper      0  webkittransform perspective350px rotateX90deg      33  webkittransform perspective350px rotateX0deg      66  webkittransform perspective350px rotateX10deg      100  webkittransform perspective350px rotateX0deg   codepre  pJavascriptp    precodetrigger.on     mouseenter function         item.addClassflipped     ,     mouseleave function         item.removeClassflipped       codepre
Negative 63 pI have two websites twigplay.com and mimuz.com.  I want to redirect twigplay.com pages to the corresponding mimuz.com pages.  For example, if the user navigates to twigplay.comabout.html, I want them to be redirected to mimuz.comabout.html.  I want this to be dynamic, because I have over 60,000 URLs.  I have an idea on how to do that, but I dont know much about javascript.p  pMy idea Get current page uri  save to variable  redirect to mimuz.compageuri p  pIs this possible with javascriptp
Negative 63 pIm using octopack to pack my project into nuget packages for octopus deploy.  I do not want to run octopack for a private build.  How can I tell inside my TFS Build workflow if the current build is private or publicp
Negative 63 pI have a shopping cart that is generating the radio button list.  Unfortunately the generated list is repeating IDs so I cant use those as selectors.  An example of the radio button generated isp  pcodeltinput typeradio nameShippingMethodID idShippingMethodID9 value68Priority Mail Express International59.220.00gtcodep  pThe only unique thing is the number at the beginning of the value. How can I create a selector based on the number at the beginning of the valuep  pIve been searching and found how to find something based on the value. But Ill need to hide it as an optionp  pcodestr.toLowerCase.indexOf68codep
Negative 63 pI have two filesp  psave.php  Get the contents of a form and puts in a session. savedb.php  Saves the contents of the session in the database.p  pBut the content is not getting the right savedb.php, seep  psave.phpp  precodeltphp sessionstart  str  ampQampampgt SESSION[msg]  str  echo SESSION[msg]  return ampQampampgt gt codepre  psavedb.phpp  precodeltphp sessionstart echo SESSION[msg]  return ampQampampgt gt codepre  pIn save.php, the return is strongampQampampstrongbr  In savedb.php, the return is strongememampQampemampemstrongbr br  The correct return is strongampQampampstrong.br  How To Fix Can anyone help mep
Negative 63 pI am putting together an educational package that includes offline video content i.e. loaded from local disk. When using video.js on local files the flash player component generates the following message in FFp  precodeAdobe Flash Player has stopped a potentially unsafe operation. The following local application on your computer or network      [...]videojsvideojs.swf  is trying to communicate with this Internetenabled location      null codepre  pThis is a common problem with playing offline videos through flash, and most players generate this error, but I know it is not necessary. For example, jwplayer version 5 does not generate this error if you edit the jwplayer.js file, a hrefhttpwww.longtailvideo.comsupportforumsjwplayersetupissuesandembedding30159jwplayerofflineplay relnofollowas described herea. I tested and verified that to work.p  pIs there a way to do this with video.jsp  pThe reason I need this is that I am working with deployment restrictions. I cant use HTML5 video in all cases, and I cant expect all users to whitelist the file. Thanks for any insight.p
Negative 63 pI have a query that partitions and ranks Note records, grouping them by IDTask users add notes for each task.  I want to rank the notes by date, but I also want to restrict it so theyre ranked between two dates.  p  pIm using SQL Server 2008.  So far my SELECT looks like thisp  precodeSELECT  Note.ID,          Note.IDTask,          Note.[Days],          Note.[Date],          ROWNUMBER OVER PARTITION BY IDTask ORDER BY CAST[Date] AS DATE, Edited ASC AS Rank         FROM         Note         WHERE         Note.Locked  1 AND Note.Deleted  0 codepre  pNow, I assume that if I put the WHERE clause at the bottom, although theyll still have ranks, I might or might not get item with rank 1, as it might get filtered out.  So is there a way I can only partition records WHERE , ignoring all of the others  I could partition a subquery I guess.p  pThe intention is to use the rank number to find the most recent note for each task, in another query.  So in that query Ill join with this result WHERE rank  1.p
Negative 63 pI have a python module which copy data from a table to a file.Im using postgresql as database server. COPY is the command is to be used to do the above action.p  pHowever in a blog a hrefhttpgrokbase.comtpostgresqlpgsqlgeneral058tagtpedabouterrormustbesuperusertocopytoorfromafile relnofollowhttpgrokbase.comtpostgresqlpgsqlgeneral058tagtpedabouterrormustbesuperusertocopytoorfromafilea it states that, You can use copy in psql on the client side, but you have to be a superuser to do COPY on the server side, for security reasons. So I used copy command. When I try to execute the below method, it results in error as p  blockquote   ppsycopg2.ProgrammingError syntax error at or near  LINE 1 copyp blockquote  pI cant find why its throwing error. can someone help me outp  precodedef process      querycopy s TO stesttable, testfile.txt       env.withtransaction      def doexecutedb          cursor  db.cursor          cursor.executequery codepre  blockquote   pdoexecute is a database wrapper, which creates connection and   executes the query.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI have a little problem with datepicker, Id want that a user with arrows can only select a date between the first day of the first month and the last day of the month, but it would be dynamic because if we are in 2014 I have to see only year of 2014.p  pI have tried in this mode but with arrows I can go to 2012 or 2014 for examplep  precodecheckin.datepicker dateFormat ddmm, changeYear false, yearRange 00, stepYears 0   codepre
Negative 63 pSo I have a social app built for android that allows users to post status updates on my service and i want to give my users the ability to have their statuses forwarded to facebook automatically similar to how Twitter allows you to automatically post your tweets to fb , but after looking at the documentation and googling all i can really find a example of is a means to post a single spamish type status that causes a webview dialog to pop up every time. p  pHow do the 3rd party fb client apps pull this off the ones where at the bottom of the post it says posted from tweetdeck ect.p
Negative 63 pI am working on Ruby on Rails app with Mongodb .My app is deployed on heroku and for delayed jobs i am using amazon ec2. Things I have a doubtbrp  p1How to connect to the mongo database in amazon ec2 which is basically at herokubr 2When i run delayed jobs how it will went to amazon server what are the changes i have to make to the app  If somebody can point me tutorial for this.p
Negative 63 pThis is for an assignment, so Id rather not ask for help, but I cant seem to see what Im doing wrong. The code will eventually create a window, with an image as the background, and then using information in a text file, place other images at specific points, and the user can zoom in.p  pAt the moment Im just trying to get an image displayed onto a JPanel inside a JFrame, and I cant seem to get it to work. Could somebody please point out what exactly Im doing thats leading to the image not displayingp  pCode for Map classp  precodeimport javax.swing.  public class Map extends JPanel         static final long serialVersionUID  1  public Map    public JPanel createContentPane      Creating a base JPanel to place everything on     JPanel rootGUI  new JPanel     Setting the Layout Manager to null to place everything manually     rootGUI.setLayoutnull     rootGUI.setOpaquetrue     return rootGUI   private static void createAndShowGUI      JFrame.setDefaultLookAndFeelDecoratedtrue     JFrame frame  new JFrameTest for image     Create and set up the content pane     Map demo  new Map     frame.setContentPanedemo.createContentPane     frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE     frame.setSize500, 500     frame.setResizablefalse     Hospital hDemo  new Hospital     frame.addhDemo     frame.setVisibletrue   public static void mainString[] Args      Schedule a job for the eventdispatching thread     Creating and showing this applications GUI     SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable              public void run                      createAndShowGUI                 codepre  pAnd Code for the hospital classp  precodeimport javax.swing. import java.io. import java.awt. import java.awt.image. import javax.imageio.  public class Hospital extends JPanel  static final long serialVersionUID  2 public static BufferedImage hospitalImage  public Hospital      super     try              hospitalImage  ImageIO.readnew Filesrchospital.jpg          catch IOException ex              Not handled        Override public void paintComponentGraphics g      super.paintComponentg      g.drawImagehospitalImage, 50, 50, this     repaint   codepre
Negative 63 pI am creating game for WP 8 and I am using ScrollViewer and Grid with Buttons for game board.p  pThe problem is when game board is too lardge. Then application crashes with no exception.p  pOutput isp  precodeScrollViewer content size 2400,2400 my debug output The program [3420] TaskHost.exe has exited with code 528909961 0xe0797977. codepre  pHere is XAML codep  precodeltGrid xNameContentPanel Grid.Row1 Margin12,0,12,0gt         ltScrollViewer xNameContentPanelScroll HorizontalScrollBarVisibilityAutogt             ltGrid xNameGamePanel ShowGridLinesTruegt                 ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                     ltRowDefinition Height100gt                     ltRowDefinition Height100gt                     ltRowDefinition Height100gt                     lt more RowDefinitions in this grid are addend in C codegt                                                ltGrid.RowDefinitionsgt                 ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                     ltColumnDefinition Width100gt                     ltColumnDefinition Width100gt                     ltColumnDefinition Width100gt                     lt more ColumnDefinitions in this grid are addend in C codegt                                        ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt                  ltButton Grid.Row0 Grid.Column0 Content...gt                 lt more buttons in this grid are addend in C codegt             ltGridgt         ltScrollViewergt     ltGridgt codepre  pThis is how I resizezoom game boardp  precodeprivate void ZoomGameBoarddouble delta           typically delta  10px      20 columns and 20 rows, each zoomed to 150px is 3000x3000 px     foreach var item in RowDefinitions              var value  item.Height.Value  delta         item.Height  new GridLengthvalue  make row bigger so its content stretch           foreach var item in ColumnDefinitions              var value  item.Width.Value  delta         item.Width  new GridLengthvalue  make column bigger so its content stretch       codepre  pCould you please tell me where is the problem or how to make larger game boardp  pThx. p  pEDITp  pMy problem is probably thisp  precodeInsufficient memory to continue the execution of the program. codepre  pand thisp  precodeAn unhandled exception of type System.OutOfMemoryException occurred in System.Windows.ni.dll codepre  pBut this exception is not thrown every time app craches just sometimes does not solve my problem how to display large game board.p  pEDIT 2 Here is test application to demonstrate my problem. You can change size in code or use Buttons in bottom part of phone.p  pWhole project is here a hrefhttpwww.stud.fit.vutbr.czxmarec12shared2013TestGameApp.zip relnofollowhttpwww.stud.fit.vutbr.czxmarec12shared2013TestGameApp.zipap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comisHWg.png altTest app imgp
Negative 63 pI am trying to do an agregate multiplication.  Ill use a baseball example.p  pSample Tablep  precodeteam  player     battingavg  1battingavg  nohitavg 1       A       0.123         0.877 1       B       0.144         0.856 1       C       0.210         0.790 2       E       0.142         0.858 2       F       0.231         0.769 2       G       0.125         0.875 codepre  pI want to aggregate multiply to get the overall probability of having at no hits.p  pFor team 1     0.877  0.856  0.790  probability of have no hits For team 2     0.858  0.769  0.875  probability of have no hitsp  p1  probability of no hits  probability of at least 1 hit.p  precodeSELECT team      , SOMEFUNCTIONnohitavg as probofnohit  FROM table  GROUP BY team codepre  pDesired outputp  precodeteam  probofnohit 1        0.593 2        0.577 codepre
Negative 63 pCan someone please just check if my answer is correct p  pThe question isp  pstrongHow long will it take for the following subroutine to execute if we use a 12 MHz crystal frequency on a F18 PICstrongp  precodemovlw .20 movwf n  again  decf n,f bnz again nop nop rlncf n,w movwf PORTC nop return codepre  pstrongMy answer isstrongp  p22.66 ns which is about 23 ns.p  pWe have 68 instruction cycles, right And then one cycle will take .33333 nsp
Negative 63 pIm sure this is an easy question. I have some javascript that randomizes quotes, but I want the quote and the author of the quote to be different colors. I can of course use CSS to change the appearance of all the text, but I am not having much luck separating the quote and the author and I am not very proficient with javascript. p  precodeltscript languageJavaScriptgt  var Quotationnew Array  Quotation[0]  Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and Im    not sure about the former.ltbrgtAlbert Einstein Quotation[1]  Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. ltbrgtCarl Sagan Quotation[2]  Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.ltbrgtStephen Jay Gould Quotation[3]  I dont want to talk to you no more, you emptyheaded animal food trough wiper I fart in your general direction Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberriesltbrgtTaunting Frenchman  var Q  Quotation.length var whichQuotationMath.roundMath.randomQ1 function showQuotationdocument.writeQuotation[whichQuotation] showQuotation ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a huge table of data where one of the columns contain dates relevant for that specific entry. For all the months except May, these dates come in the format dd.mm.yyyy hh.mm e.g. 30.04.2013 1042. These dates are understood by excel to be dates, which makes table sorting on them straight forward.p  pHowever, for May, it comes out as 02MAY2013 082103, which Excel doesnt understand. Is there some way to fix this in Excel or via VBA I have tried Format Cells, with no luckp  pThanks in advance for any helpful inputp
Negative 63 pI have a codebuttoncode and a codedropdownlstcodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNhPZ1.png altenter image description herep  pAnd I have this script p  precodeform.submitfunction e              divOverlay.show          codepre  pMy Goal  p  pWhen a form submits , I need to show a loading codedivcode  p  pstrongQuestion strong p  pWhen I press the button it strongdoesstrong show me the div  the gray div which blinks for a second p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTJCER.gif altenter image description herep  pBut when I change index on the dropdownlist   p  precodeltaspDropDownList runatserver OnSelectedIndexChangedOnSelectedIndexChanged AutoPostBackTruegt     ltaspListItem Valueagt altaspListItemgt         ltaspListItem ValuebgtbltaspListItemgt ltaspDropDownListgt codepre  pIt does submit bUt I strongdontstrong see the div  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.compSHD8.gif altenter image description herep  pWhy does the codeform.submitfunction ecode does not capture this postback which occurs after selected index change   p  pNB  p  pFiddler shows both events pressing the button ampamp changing index as a codePOSTcode commandp  pstrongWhat is the structure of the file    psuedo strong p  precodelthtml  gt ltheadgt  ...      ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltdiv iddivOverlaygt          ...     ltdivgt          ltform idform1 runatserver  gt             ltaspButton runatserver Textsssssssgt         ltaspDropDownList runatserver OnSelectedIndexChangedOnSelectedIndexChanged AutoPostBackTruegt             ...         ltaspDropDownListgt          ltformgt           ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             function                                      form.submitfunction e                                                  divOverlay.show                                                ltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pstrongCan you show the difference between both requests which sent to the server  a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comQ2eWA.png relnofollowemYesstronga.em p  pThe right side is when index is changed and the left pane is for button pressp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQ2eWA.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pwhen I have both libsarmeabi folder and libsarmeabiv7a folder in my project, everything works and Im able to perform static initialization of OpenCV by calling OpenCVLoader.initDebugp  pHowever, since my primary goal is to support all the older devices that arent using ARM v7 CPUs, I heard that a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7080525whyusearmeabiv7acodeoverarmeabicodearmeabiv7a has some optimization codea while using just armeabi should be working for all devices so I wanted to remove it to reduce APK size. However after doing that it failed to initialize on my Samsung Galaxy S3.p  pDid I do something wrong How to force it to initialize using libsarmeabip  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI am writing my own custom mediator. In my custom mediator, I use log4j to log the process.. brBut I am facing difficulties now when deploy the custom mediator in WSO2. brbrWhat I want is the log in my custom mediator will be written in the wso2carbon.log. But unfortunately I still have no clue how to do that. brDo I need to configure the log4j.properties here or do I need to implement or extends something in my custom mediator brbrThanks p
Negative 63 pWhat I want to be able to do is that, run a vmware machine on workstation, windows xp or 7 for instance. But all the changes I make while I am running the machine e.g. create a file, install something etc, I dont want them to be written to the systemimage. Instead it should act like even the image itself is sandboxed, and when I shut down the machine, the image stays the same.p  pNow, I know about the snapshots functionality, but I basically want to save the time that is expended while reverting an image, on every power down session. Instead it should be such that the changes arent written to the imagesystem in the first place and instead are done in something like memory or a temporary location etc, and thus there is no need to revert when the system is powered off.p  pNow, is this possible to achieve with just vmware workstation itself if not than is it possible with some third party tool or something of the sort if yes then specifically which tool or if this is possible utilizing any other concepts, say ramdisks etc or anything at all reallyp  pAny help at all is really appreciatedp
Negative 63 pI am trying to access a user environment variable on a virtual machine from a batch file running on it. This batch file is called from a batch file on the host machine which also sets the environment variable.p  pIf I open a new command prompt in the virtual machine then I can get the value of this variable. But if I try to access it from the batch file on the virtual machine which is called from the batch file on the host machine I cannot access it. p  pBatch file on the host machinep  precodeset BUILD4732 CProgram Files x86VMwareVMware VIXvmrun T ws gu PostBuild gp  h httpsWINM7AT2VUR3HQ8333sdk writeVariable EVM TestingWindows 7.vmx guestEnv BUILD BUILD  CProgram Files x86VMwareVMware VIXvmrun T ws gu PostBuild gp  h httpsWINM7AT2VUR3HQ8333sdk runProgramInGuest EVM TestingWindows 7.vmx activeWindow interactive CAutomationCopylatestbuildAndInstall.bat  pause codepre  pIs there some way to change the user account the batch file on the virtual machine is running as So that it has access to the variable.p
Negative 63 pI am developing a simple chat application in springs mvc but there is an error asp  precodeorg.apache.jasper.JasperException An exception occurred processing JSP page WEBINFviewUserDetails.jsp at line 23  20 ltcout valuechat.messagegt 21 ltcforEachgt 22 ltformform idchat modelAttributechatList methodpost actionsaveChat.htmlgt 23 ltforminput pathmessagegt 24 ltinput typesubmit valueSend gt 25 ltformformgt 26 ltbrgt codepre  pandp  precodeorg.springframework.beans.NotReadablePropertyException Invalid property message of bean class [java.util.ArrayList] Bean property message is not readable or has an invalid getter method Does the return type of the getter match the parameter type of the setter org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperImpl.getPropertyValueBeanWrapperImpl.java665 org.springframework.beans.BeanWrapperImpl.getPropertyValueBeanWrapperImpl.java657 org.springframework.web.servlet.support.BindStatus.ltinitgtBindStatus.java147 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.getBindStatusAbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.java174 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.getPropertyPathAbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.java194 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.getNameAbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.java160 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.autogenerateIdAbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.java147 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.resolveIdAbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.java138 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.writeDefaultAttributesAbstractDataBoundFormElementTag.java122 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractHtmlElementTag.writeDefaultAttributesAbstractHtmlElementTag.java409 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.InputTag.writeTagContentInputTag.java140 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form.AbstractFormTag.doStartTagInternalAbstractFormTag.java102 org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.RequestContextAwareTag.doStartTagRequestContextAwareTag.java79 org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.view.UserDetailsjsp.jspxmethform005finput005f0UserDetailsjsp.java250 org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.view.UserDetailsjsp.jspxmethform005fform005f0UserDetailsjsp.java215 org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.view.UserDetailsjsp.jspServiceUserDetailsjsp.java92 org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.serviceHttpJspBase.java70 javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java432 org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390 org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334 javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 org.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceView.renderMergedOutputModelInternalResourceView.java238 org.springframework.web.servlet.view.AbstractView.renderAbstractView.java250 org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.renderDispatcherServlet.java1060 org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatchDispatcherServlet.java798 org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doServiceDispatcherServlet.java716 org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java647 org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGetFrameworkServlet.java552 javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621 javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 codepre  pMy jsp file isp  precodelt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetUTF8     pageEncodingUTF8gt lt taglib urihttpwww.springframework.orgtagsform prefixformgt lt taglib urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlcore prefixcgt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4loose.dtdgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8gt lttitlegtBeing Java Guys  User Detailslttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltcentergt ltbrgtltbrgtltbrgtltbrgtltbrgtltbrgt ltdiv stylecolor tealfontsize 30pxgtGroup Chatltdivgt ltbrgtltbrgt ltcurl varuserChat valuesaveChat.htmlgt  ltcforEach itemschat varchatgt ltcout valuechat.usernamegt ltcout valuechat.messagegt ltcforEachgt ltformform idchat modelAttributechatList methodpost actionsaveChat.htmlgt ltforminput pathmessagegt ltinput typesubmit valueSend gt ltformformgt ltbrgt ltcentergt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pAnd relevant controller code isp  precodeRequestMappingsaveChat     public ModelAndView saveChatModelAttributechatList Chat chat,BindingResult result         userService.addChatchat         return new ModelAndViewredirectuserList           RequestMappinguserList     public ModelAndView getUserList          MapltString, Objectgt model  new HashMapltString, Objectgt         model.putchat, userService.getChat         return new ModelAndViewUserDetails, model       codepre  pThe error is on the form input tag for sure since when I comment it this then it works fine.But why is that and what is the fixp
Negative 63 pI am fairly new to RubyRails framework. I have a simple generator in my Rails application at  libgenerators. The generators function is to copy one of the files in the templatesmyfile.yml directory into configmyfile.yml.  Now I would like to use this generator in another app. So, I would like to package this as a gem. I have generated gem using bundler and it contains the following file structurep  precodelib   mygem     version.rb   generators     mygem       install         templates           somefile.yml         installgenerator.rb         USAGE   mygem.rb mygem.gemspec Gemfile Gemfile.lock LICENSE.txt Rakefile README.md codepre  pContent of installgenerator is as followsp  precoderequire railsgenerators module Mygem     module Generators         class InstallGenerator lt RailsGeneratorsBase             sourceroot File.expandpath..templates, FILE              def generatesomething                 copyfile something.yml, Rails.rootconfigsomething.yml             end          end     end end codepre  pFollowing is the content of mygem.gemspecp  precode coding utf8 lib  File.expandpath..lib, FILE LOADPATH.unshiftlib unless LOADPATH.includelib require mygemversion  GemSpecification.new do spec   spec.name           mygem   spec.version        MyGemVERSION   spec.authors        [Swaroop SM]   spec.email          [myemailgmail.com]   spec.description    qSomething   spec.summary        qSomething   spec.homepage          spec.license        MIT    spec.files         git lsfiles.split   spec.executables    spec.files.greprbin  f File.basenamef    spec.testfiles     spec.files.greprtestspecfeatures   spec.requirepaths  [lib]    spec.adddevelopmentdependency bundler, gt 1.3   spec.adddevelopmentdependency rake end codepre  pI reckon there is something missing in my libmygem.rbp  precoderequire mygemversion  module Mygem    Your code goes here... end codepre  pI have no problem in building and pushing it to rubygems.org.p  pInorder to use this in one of my rails apps, I added this to the Gemfile and run bundle install. The problem is now when I run coderails g mygeminstallcode it throws an error that says   p  precodeCould not find generator mygeminstall. codepre  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 63 pIve just recently started programming scala, and in the book Programming in Scalawww.artima.compins1ed the following method of executing scala scripts in linux is presentedp  precodebinsh exec scala 0    Say hello to the first argument printlnHello,  args0  codepre  pNow Ive been using linux for a long time, but bash scripting is not my speciality. Now I can guess how this type of scrpt worksand it works beautifully, but I was wondering what do the  and  do emexactlyem.p  pThanks in advance for all the helpp
Negative 63 pThats not a language specific question, but i need it for a java game.  I have a table 2d array with the dimension 3x3. So the one dimensional Indexes of the cells arep  precode1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  codepre  pWhen have this index, i want to get the 2d index from this  so input 5 return 2,2 , input 8 returns  3,2. p  pMy Mind isnt able to find a way to do this  I thought about modulo.. but how can i use it herep  pThank youp
Negative 63 pI have a jquery script that sends data to my spring controller using codePUTcode type. But controller never gets hit. strongIf i change codePUTcode to codePOSTcode everything works as expectedstrong, but i need to use exactly codePUTcode. Could you please review my code and tell me what i am doing wrongp  pjQueryp  precodevar values  form.serialize                 .ajax                     type PUT,                     url user  elogin.val,                     async false,                     data values,                     success functionresp doStuff                   codepre  pControllerp  precodeController RequestMappingvalue  user public class RestController       RequestMappingvalue  userLogin, method  RequestMethod.PUT     ResponseBody     public boolean updateUserPathVariable String userLogin,                               RequestParamepassword String password,                               ...             throws ParseException          if ...              return false                  doStuff         return true       codepre  pFireBug error messagep  precode400 Bad Request Response Headers Connection  close ContentLength  1072 ContentType    texthtmlcharsetutf8 Date    Tue, 03 Sep 2013 102128 GMT Server  ApacheCoyote1.1  Request Headers Accept   AcceptEncoding gzip, deflate AcceptLanguage enUS,enq0.5 Connection  keepalive ContentLength  168 ContentType    applicationxwwwformurlencoded charsetUTF8 Cookie  JSESSIONID5A510B1FB82DA6F3DD9E9FA8D67A8295 Host    localhost8085 Referer httplocalhost8085welcome UserAgent  Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 rv23.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox23.0 XRequestedWith    XMLHttpRequest codepre  pErrorp  precodeHTTP Status 400  Required String parameter epassword is not present type Status report message Required String parameter epassword is not present description The request sent by the client was syntactically incorrect. codepre
Negative 63 pIn addition to the main window, Im trying to create another top level window. The problem is that when Im setting the second windows codehMenucode parameter to a nonNULL value, it doesnt show up.p  pe.gp  pThis window shows up hMenu  0p  precodecase IDCBUTTONSENDCOMMAND      CreateWindowExWNULL,                     LCommandWindow, LSend Command,                     WSVISIBLE  WSOVERLAPPED  WSCAPTION  WSSYSMENU  WSMINIMIZEBOX,                     100, 100, 600, 400,                     NULL,                     HMENU0,                     HINSTANCEGetWindowLonghwnd, GWLHINSTANCE, NULL     break  codepre  pThis window doesnt show up hMenu  4p  precodecase IDCBUTTONSENDCOMMAND      CreateWindowExWNULL,                     LCommandWindow, LSend Command,                     WSVISIBLE  WSOVERLAPPED  WSCAPTION  WSSYSMENU  WSMINIMIZEBOX,                     100, 100, 600, 400,                     NULL,                     HMENU4,                     HINSTANCEGetWindowLonghwnd, GWLHINSTANCE, NULL     break  codepre  pIm using Windows 7.p
Negative 63 pWell the Title sums up almost everythingp  pI have a Splash screen on my index.php, but i have no idea how to make it disappear since obviously i dont want it to show up each time index is loaded. Just need a hint not asking for the job donep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pHow can I get the bottom image the white box to fill the entire width of the view I have tried dragging it and matchparent but still no luck. The bottom corners of the image should be in the bottom corners of the view. The height of it must remain the same though.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comoUhFK.png altenter image description herep  pHere is the XML I have so far.p  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidbackgrounddrawablelandscape androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.MainActivity gt  ltLinearLayout     androidididlinearLayout1     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutcenterInParenttrue     androidlayoutmarginTop80dp     androidorientationvertical gt      ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidorientationvertical gt          ltImageButton             androidididimageButton1             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgrounddrawablehomegallerybutton gt          ltImageButton             androidididimageButton2             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutmarginTop5dp             androidbackgrounddrawablehomegallerybutton gt          ltImageButton             androidididimageButton3             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgrounddrawablehomegallerybutton gt          ltImageButton             androidididimageButton4             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgrounddrawablehomegallerybutton gt          ltImageButton             androidididimageButton5             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgrounddrawablehomegallerybutton gt          ltImageButton             androidididimageButton6             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidbackgrounddrawablehomegallerybutton gt      ltLinearLayoutgt ltLinearLayoutgt  ltLinearLayout     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentToptrue     androidorientationvertical gt      ltImageView         androidididimageView1         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheight117dp         androidlayoutmarginTop0dp         androidsrcdrawablehometraleeheaderimage gt ltLinearLayoutgt  ltImageView     androidididimageView2     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue      androidsrcdrawableinfromationpagealliancebanner gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pAlso, is there a way to resize images in XML When I try to resize e.g. the top in by dragging its corners, the image doesnt resize with the Layout. Does it mean I have to make the images smaller Seems like a lot of work to make each image exactly the right size. Is there a way to do this programatically in XML or javap
Negative 63 pi have a form with input for name and email. I would like to have a dedicated errormessage for each input  fx  if no name is written it will say codeplease write your namecode  and if the email is missing or not valid it echoes codewrong mail  try againcodep  pAt the moment I have only 1 errormessage that will echo for both situations.  How can i assign an dedicated errormessage for each of the inputs p  pHeres the codep  precode    ltphp If the form is submitted ifissetPOST[submit]       Check to make sure that the name field is not empty     iftrimPOST[contactname]            hasError  true      else          name  trimPOST[contactname]           Check to make sure sure that a valid email address is submitted     iftrimPOST[email]             hasError  true      else if eregi[AZ09.][AZ09.].[AZ]2,4, trimPOST[email]          hasError  true      else          email  trimPOST[email]           If there is no error, send the email     ifissethasError          emailTo  gmail.com Put your own email address here         body  Name name nnEmail email nnCommentsn comments         headers  From My Site lt.emailTo.gt . rn . ReplyTo  . email          mailemailTo, subject, body, headers         emailSent  true       gt       ltarticle classkontaktgt                              ltphp ifPOST[contactname]    echo when a name was entered gt                  ltltpgt Hello ltpgtgt          ltphp  name  striptagstrimPOST[contactname]                echo  name             gt       ltarticlegt       ltarticle classkontaktgt              ltphp ifissethasError   THIS PART IS ECHOED IN BOTH SITUATIONS  should only apply for error in emailgt             ltp classerrorgt Your mail is ltspan stylecolor orangegt not correctltspangt  try again ltpgt         ltphp  gt             ltphp ifPOST[email]     echo when a valid mail was entered gt                ltpgt Hello ltpgt         ltphp   name  striptagstrimPOST[email]              echo  email           gt          ltarticlegt      ltarticle classkontaktgt           ltphp ifissetemailSent ampamp emailSent  true  If email is sent gt             ltpgt Your message is sent ltpgt         ltphp  gt            ltarticlegt   gt codepre
Negative 63 pMy code p  precode    def postingself , facebookid , message       accesstoken  my accesstoken       postdata  accesstokenaccesstoken, messagemessage       requestpath  strfacebookidfeed       postdata  urllib.urlencodepostdata       response  urllib2.urlopenhttpsgraph.facebook.coms  requestpath, postdata       print posting is successfull  D codepre  pand the error p  precoderesponse  urllib2.urlopenhttpsgraph.facebook.coms  requestpath, postdata   File usrlibpython2.7urllib2.py, line 127, in urlopen     return opener.openurl, data, timeout   File usrlibpython2.7urllib2.py, line 410, in open     response  methreq, response   File usrlibpython2.7urllib2.py, line 523, in httpresponse     http, request, response, code, msg, hdrs   File usrlibpython2.7urllib2.py, line 448, in error     return self.callchainargs   File usrlibpython2.7urllib2.py, line 382, in callchain     result  funcargs   File usrlibpython2.7urllib2.py, line 531, in httperrordefault     raise HTTPErrorreq.getfullurl, code, msg, hdrs, fp urllib2.HTTPError HTTP Error 400 Bad Request codepre  pwhat is the problem  this code is working couple months ago p
Negative 63 pI am trying to check to see if a user has entered two words in a UITextField.  However, I also need to check that these two words are also a minimum of two characters each.  At the moment, the only way I know how to check the contents of the UITextField is by checking for whitespace between the characters after trimming the whitespace in front of the text.  p  pHere is my code that I am working withp  precodeif [textField.text length] gt 0           NSString name  [textField text]         NSString trimmedString  [name stringByTrimmingCharactersInSet[NSCharacterSet whitespaceCharacterSet]]         NSRange whiteSpaceRange  [trimmedString rangeOfCharacterFromSet[NSCharacterSet whitespaceCharacterSet]]          if whiteSpaceRange.location  NSNotFound              NSLogFound whitespace                codepre  pLike I said, my goal is to take the contents of the UITextField, and check to see if the user has entered two words, with each word at least two characters in length.  Can anyone see what it is Im doing wrongp  pThanks in advance to all who reply.p
Negative 63 pI have an int flag variable , which will have two possible int values , 0 amp 1.p  pMain theme of the app here is  Ask user yes or nop  pIf user selects YES, assign int1. else if Selects No,  assign int0p  pI am achieving this usingp  precodepublic static int flag       Override public void onClickView v       TODO Autogenerated method stub     switch v.getId      case R.id.flag0         flag0         System.err.printlnFlag    flag         break     case R.id.flag1         flag1         System.err.printlnFlag    flag         break     default         break       codepre  pMy problem is here it is ok amp saving the preference upto my Application is running either foreground or background.p  pand once if we closekill the application, all the stored preferences are being cleared i.e., setting to the default value of Zero.p  pAs I just started working on STORAGE Options, I just tried to implement SHARED PREFERENCES, which still having the same above problem . the method I used to store the int value using Shared preferences is p  pstrongEdit I just tried the below answers but in vain amp here is my total code I am posting it , will be helpful for you to testMaybestrongp  pxml Filep  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools androidlayoutwidthmatchparent androidlayoutheightmatchparent androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin toolscontext.MainActivity gt  ltTextView     androidididtext     androidtextSize30sp     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextstringhelloworld gt  ltButton androidididflag0     androidlayoutmarginTop10dp     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidtext     androidtextset to 0gt  ltButton androidididflag1     androidlayoutmarginTop10dp     androidlayoutbelowidtext     androidlayouttoRightOfidflag0     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidtextset to 1gt  ltButton androidididtest0     androidlayoutmarginTop10dp     androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidlayoutbelowidflag1     androidtextTest for 0gt codepre  pp  pMainActivityp  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity implements OnClickListener  TextView textView Button bt1,bt2,testbt1 public static int flag SharedPreferences pref Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     textView  TextView findViewByIdR.id.text     bt1  Button findViewByIdR.id.flag0     bt2  Button findViewByIdR.id.flag1     testbt1  Button findViewByIdR.id.test0      bt1.setOnClickListenerthis     bt2.setOnClickListenerthis     testbt1.setOnClickListenerthis       prefgetSharedPreferencesSai, MODEPRIVATE     pref.getIntlangus, 0     System.err.printlnFlag Value in Main method    flag  public void saveFlag      prefgetSharedPreferencesSai,MODEPRIVATE     Editor editor  pref.edit     editor.putIntlangus, flag     editor.commit   Override public void onClickView v       TODO Autogenerated method stub     switch v.getId      case R.id.flag0         flag0         saveFlag         System.err.printlnFlag    flag         break     case R.id.flag1         flag1         saveFlag         System.err.printlnFlag    flag         break     case R.id.test0         System.err.printlnFlag    flag         if flag  0              textView.setTextflag is zero          else              textView.setTextflag is not zero                   break      default         break       codepre  pp  pWhere is it going wrongp
Negative 63 pI am new to c and am making a very simple program. All my program does is call a function from the main function, which reads in a text file and returns. To check that I am reading in the file correctly, I am trying to print out the strings I have read in. The print out cout works properly when I run from Visual Studio f5. However, when I run the executable from command line, none of the print outs from my function show up. Only print outs directly in the main function appear. I cannot find a similar question elsewhere. Any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 63 pI am beginner to the SAML v2.0 technology and I get the theory knowledge but I didnt find any examples on Google. Can anybody provide me with a step by step example for simple SAML for v2.0.p  ol liUpto now Ive gone through the theory part,i.e.., it support strongSingle sign onstrong andbr  also I understood about the strongService providerstrong and strongIdentity Providerstrong   .li liPresently I am working on strongLinux Environmentstrongli liI need basic example in step by step manner how the request is moving from stronguser    Identity ProviderService Providerstrong and how to configure the environment .li liIs it possible to execute the example for the SAML v2.0li liIs their any chance to execute SAML example in Java language,If it possible you canbr  provide the example on Java also. li ol
Negative 63 pI have an entity called strongStep2strong has multiple selectedriskassesments entities which is a RiskAssestment entity with an extra fieldp  precode......................     manyToMany        selectedriskassesments          targetEntity SelectedRiskAssesment          joinTable            name step2selectedriskassesments            joinColumns              step2id                referencedColumnName id            inverseJoinColumns              selectedriskid                referencedColumnName id           cascade [persist,remove] .............................. codepre  pand strongSelectedRiskAssesmentstrong entity hasp  precode manyToOne         riskassesment             targetEntity RiskAssestment             inversedBy selectedriskassesment             joinColumn                 name riskassesment                 referencedColumnName id             orphanRemoval true codepre  pThis is part of a survey, and I want to strongdelete Step2strong entity and its strongselectedriskassesmentsstrong but I get p  precodeSQLSTATE[23000] Integrity constraint violation 1451 Cannot delete or update a parent row a foreign key constraint fails phsafety.step2selectedriskassesments, CONSTRAINT FKFAFC9298EA71C84F FOREIGN KEY selectedriskid REFERENCES selectedriskassesment id codepre  pI have tried to use strongorphanRemoval truestrong to unbind from the strongRiskAssestmentstrong entity...any help would be awesomep
Negative 63 pHello i am designing a basic java game where you put in a starting true point the length and size of array  then the program will check which value is true and it has to follow the next set of rulesp  ol liif the cell is currently occupied, it remains occupied only if exactly one neighbour is occupiedli liit the cell is currently empty, it remains empty only if both neighbours are emptyli ol  pthe code that i have so far kinda works but it puts a true too soon in the beginning which causes rule 1 to not work  p  precodeimport java.util.  class Cell  public static void main String[] args int l   int g number of the generation   String s, astands for automata   int p position of the true cells   int currentG current generation    Scanner scanner   scanner new ScannerSystem.in   ascanner.next   lscanner.nextInt   gscanner.nextInt   sscanner.next   boolean[][] cellsCurrent  new boolean[g][l2]    currentG0   whilescanner.hasNextInt put the position values in an array   pscanner.nextInt   ifpltl   cellsCurrent[currentG][p]  true     sscanner.nextik weet niet echt wat ik anders met die initend moet   ifa.equalsA    forcurrentG0 currentGltg1 currentG for all generations      forint i1 iltl1 i for all cells        ifcellsCurrent[currentG][i]  true ampamp cellsCurrent[currentG][i1]  true ampamp cellsCurrent[currentG][i1]  falsecellsCurrent[currentG][i1]  false ampamp cellsCurrent[currentG][i1]   true  dit werkt dus nog niet         cellsCurrent[currentG1][i]  true                 else if cellsCurrent[currentG][i]  true          cellsCurrent[currentG1][i]  false                ifcellsCurrent[currentG][i]  false ampamp cellsCurrent[currentG][i1]  false ampamp cellsCurrent[currentG][i1]  false          cellsCurrent[currentG1][i]  false                else         cellsCurrent[currentG1][i]  true                          for int i  0 i lt cellsCurrent.length i   System.out.printlnArrays.toStringcellsCurrent[i].replacetrue,          .replacefalse,           codepre
Negative 63 pi have two tables called musicaltypes and musicalalbums in which musicaltypes consists of typename and an auto increment id, where as in the musicalalbums table contains auto increment id , name , types which is a varchar which stores the id of musicaltypes as comma seperated values like 1,2,3,4 etc. So could anyone please help me in getting all the albums of type x from musicalalbums table.p  pI tried mysql like but it is not correct. so please help me in writing this query..p  piam using codeigniter, is it possible to write the above mentioned query in codeigniters active record class.p  panother point is this is a joomla component table design, and iam writing a script for an android webservice that returns the musical events, songs etc..p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI want to produce .patt files of augmented reality marker dynamically and in run time. in the AndAR Library .patt files must be in asset folder. but in my android program since I generate these files in run time,i can not save them in asset folder.because asset folder become read only in runtime now,how must I change the AndAR to read patt files from sdcard my problem is that AndAR library search asset folder to find .patt file defaultly .but I want AndAR search another location.p
Negative 63 pI have a class which implements the IDisposable interface to dispose a private variable codeMailMessagecode The same class has a async method that makes use of the private IDisposable variable, namely codeasync public Taskltboolgt Sendcode My question is Will the normal IDisposable implementation dispose the private variable after the async method completes Here is an example of the class I am talking aboutp  precodepublic class Email  IEmail      private readonly IEmailData EmailData     private MailMessage MailMessage  new MailMessage      public EmailIEmailData emailData              if emailData  null                      throw new ArgumentNullExceptionemailData                  if String.IsNullOrEmptyemailData.To                      throw new ArgumentNullExceptionemailData.To                  if String.IsNullOrEmptyemailData.From                      throw new ArgumentNullExceptionemailData.From                  if String.IsNullOrEmptyemailData.FromName                      throw new ArgumentNullExceptionemailData.FromName                  if String.IsNullOrEmptyemailData.Subject                      throw new ArgumentNullExceptionemailData.Subject                  if String.IsNullOrEmptyemailData.Body                      throw new ArgumentNullExceptionemailData.Body                   EmailData  emailData            async public Taskltboolgt Send              return await Task.Runltboolgt gt                      using SmtpClient smtp  new SmtpClient                              smtp.SendMailMessage                          return true                    region IDisposable implementation     public void Dispose              Disposetrue         GC.SuppressFinalizethis            Email              Disposefalse           protected virtual void Disposebool disposing              if disposing                      if MailMessage  null                 MailMessage.Dispose                   endregion   codepre  pI have changed the IDisposable implementation according to one of the answer that suggest not to use a destructorp  precoderegion IDisposable implementation public void Dispose      Disposetrue     GC.SuppressFinalizethis   protected virtual void Disposebool disposing      if disposing              if MailMessage  null             MailMessage.Dispose       endregion codepre
Negative 63 pBy default, I only get a partial stack trace of an errors.  How do I configure a Rails app to log the entire stack trace in the server logsp  pIm looking for a change I can make at the configuration level, as opposed to diving into individual classes and logging the full backtrace by rescuing the exceptions.p
Negative 63 pI want to tie 2 classes to each other at compile time    p  precodeclass TestltA extends TestltA, Bgt, B extends TestltB, Agtgt  class Foo extends TestltFoo, Bargt  class Bar extends TestltBar, Foogt  codepre  pHowever, it compiles with the errorp  precodetype argument B is not within bounds of typevariable A codepre  pBut I dont see any problems in the code.p  pUPD. Compiled with 7u40 without errors. Errors with 1.7.006eab07p
Negative 63 pGreenDao. How insert image file png for example. What is the specify entity property i can use addByteArrayProperty. Thank youp
Negative 63 pIn Cassandra each written column has a timestamp which can be accessed using the getClock method once pooled from the DB.p  pI would like to know how many columns got written in the last X minutes lets say 15 minutes to Cassandra. I looked at the a hrefhttppkghosh.wordpress.com20110302cassandrasecondaryindexpatterns relnofollowsecondary index patterna but could not find it usable for my needs.p  pIs there a way of doing that I dont mind which client  CQL, CLI, Hector etc.p
Negative 63 pFollowing is about nonAMD DOJO below 1.6, but can be applicable to AMD DOJO toop  pWe have a set of customized Widgets that are extended from DOJO provided Widgets. The customized Widgets are used to render multiple UI components.  The customized Widgets are included in the UI using a dojo.cache template. Multiple templates, each corresponding to a different theme of UI, exist in the system.p  pApplication build through maven decides, which theme template to support in the deployed WAR. A dedicated dojo build profile one per each themeenvironment is used to compileoptimize all Widgets in the selected theme into a single JS file.p  pdojo.requirepathtowidget is used to include widgets in the actual code, whereas the associated build profile includes pathtowidget in its list of dependencies.p  pAbove requires developer to include new widget in the build profile in addition to the actual code. A mistake by developer in this regard, is discovered only when the build reaches QA, costing an additional build cycle.p  pTo overcome the costly mistake, we plan to write mavenexecutable JUnit tests that would validate the dojo.requires in the code and the associate build profile. p  pObvious way is to parse the dojo.requires and compare it against the build profile.p  pMy question is  if any better way exists Whether any toolsframework exists to do such comparisonp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have the following queryp  precodetasks  tasks.orderbyorderitemduedate, titlename codepre  pHowever, codeorderitemcode may be NULL, in which case the above query will be invalid because NULL object doesnt have a duedate.p  pIn this case, how would I do the followingp  precodetasks  tasks.orderbyorderitemduedate if orderitem, titlename codepre
Negative 63 pI want to set password for a service from the cmd. I got the optionp  pstrongsc.exe config Service Name obj DOMAINUser password passwordstrong p  pWhen I execute, its showing strong[SC] ChangeServiceConfig SUCCESSstrong  and if I start the service I am getting p  pstrongWindows could not start the service1 service on Local Computer. Error 1069 The service did not start due to a logon failure.strongp  pI searched and got the below link a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions14408973usingscexetosetservicecredentialspasswordfailingUsing SC.exe to set service credentials  password failingap  pMy password doesnt consist of special character.p  pWhats the option to do thatp
Negative 63 pMy project dir structure isp  precodeadmin     L index.php includes     L scripts.php     L common.php css js index.php header.php footer.php ... codepre  pIn index.php I include includesscripts.php which contains references to various css files in css dir like suchp  precodeltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcssjquery.alerts.css gt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefcssstyle.css gt codepre  petc...p  pEverything works fine when including includesscripts.php from the document root but if I include scripts.php from inside a different dir, ie admin, then the paths are no longer valid and the inclusion of all files referenced fails. How can I make all paths relative to document root no matter where I call them from within my projectp
Negative 63 pI want to filter according to selection but what Im trying to do is that if Q1 and Q2 option selected I want to filter them for both Q1 and Q2. Here is code I wrote and not workingp  precodeLike IIf[Forms][Form1][Combo1]AllQ1 Or Q2[Forms][Form1][Combo1] codepre  pAfter running this code, program changes Q1 Or Q2 part to [QQuery].[Q]Q1 Or [QQuery].[Q]Q2.p  pIm already able to filter one by one, I mean for Q1, for Q2 or for Q3 seperately. How can I filter, for Q1 and Q2 at the same time. Thanks.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to build a script for a cron job that loads some values from a CSV file. This CSV file has 2 fields p  precodeproductid  price codepre  pThe script will load the values from CSV, then it searches in mysql table for productid matches. If found, it will update the price for that particular matched productid in the table with the corresponding price in CSV.p  pI reached the below code so far but I got stuck at the part where I need to compare the array values from CSV with the array values from mysql.p  precodeltphp  DB part con  mysqliconnectlocalhost,user,pass,db if con      dieCould not connect  . mysqlierrorcon     mysqliselectdbcon,products          sqlSELECT productid, price, FROM products          result  mysqliquerycon,sql         row  mysqlifetcharrayresult   CSV part filehandle  fopenprices.csv, r   while feoffilehandle        lineoftext  fgetcsvfilehandle, 1024      code  strreplace , , lineoftext[0]       price  strreplace , , lineoftext[1]           if inarraycode, strreplace , , row                      echo Match found           print code .    . price . ltbr gt                        else                      echo Match not found           print code .    . price . ltbr gt                 fclosefilehandle mysqliclosecon gt codepre
Negative 63 pIm using JDBC driver for PostgreSQL and I want to call stored procedures.p  pAssume I have a method that calls a stored procedure as followsp  precodepublic void callProcedureint someValue          Connection con  null     try          con  connectionPool.getConnection          CallableStatement st  con.prepareCall call someprocedure          st.setInt1, someValue         st.execute         st.close          catch SQLException e           System.out.printlne.getMessage          finally              if con  null              try  con.close   assure connection goes back to the pool             catch SQLException e                   codepre  pNow lets assume that this method codecallProcedurecode could possibly be called million of times. My questions arep  p1. Would it be better performance wise if I create the connection in the constructor of my class and also codepreparetheCallcode in the constructor, so something like thisp  pCallableStatement stp  precodepublic Constructor     Connection con  connectionPool.getConnection    st  con.prepareCallcall someprocedure  codepre  pand then inside the method dop  precode   public void callProcedureint someValue      try          st.setInt1, someValue         st.execute         st.close          catch SQLException e           System.out.printlne.getMessage          finally              if con  null              try  con.close   assure connection goes back to the pool             catch SQLException e                       codepre  p2. Does it make sense to codeclosecode the connection always after executing a statement Or should I leave it open From my understanding, closing it gives the connection back to the connection pool so it could be used by someone else. Is that correctp
Negative 63 pBasically I want to something like belowp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comO26oV.png altenter image description herep  pIt is a textbox that has some predefined text. What is the best way to make it to appear like two rows and allow the texts within to have a breakline As Ive mentioned this is predefined text, I tried with codetextabcdefltbrgtssscode but it is showing codeltbrgtcode instead of breaking a new linep
Negative 63 pI am working on geochart.Is there any example showing how to mark a place,given only its name I have done the same with geocoordinates,and with city names,country names with pure javascriptp
Negative 63 pSome requests from our Android app to a WCF service results in the following errorp  blockquote   pSystem.Runtime.Serialization.SerializationException There was an   error deserializing the object of type xxx.SaveChangesCommand.   rgrden contains invalid UTF8 bytes.  System.Xml.XmlException   rgrden contains invalid UTF8 bytes.    System.Text.DecoderFallbackException Unable to translate bytes [E6]   at index 0 from specified code page to Unicode.    p      pat   System.Text.DecoderExceptionFallbackBuffer.ThrowByte[] bytesUnknown,   Int32 index    at   System.Text.DecoderExceptionFallbackBuffer.FallbackByte[]   bytesUnknown, Int32 index    at   System.Text.DecoderFallbackBuffer.InternalFallbackByte[] bytes, Byte   pBytes, Charamp chars    at   System.Text.UTF8Encoding.FallbackInvalidByteSequenceByteamp pSrc,   Int32 ch, DecoderFallbackBuffer fallback, Charamp pTarget    at   System.Text.UTF8Encoding.GetCharsByte bytes, Int32 byteCount, Char   chars, Int32 charCount, DecoderNLS baseDecoder    at   System.Text.UTF8Encoding.GetCharsByte[] bytes, Int32 byteIndex, Int32   byteCount, Char[] chars, Int32 charIndex    at   System.Xml.XmlConverter.ToCharsByte[] buffer, Int32 offset, Int32   count, Char[] chars, Int32 charOffsetp  precode End of inner exception codepre      pstack trace     at System.Xml.XmlConverter.ToCharsByte[] buffer,   Int32 offset, Int32 count, Char[] chars, Int32 charOffset    at   System.Xml.XmlBufferReader.GetCharsInt32 offset, Int32 length, Char[]   chars    at System.Xml.XmlBufferReader.GetStringInt32 offset, Int32   length    at System.Xml.ValueHandle.GetString    at   System.Xml.XmlBaseReader.ReadContentAsString    at   System.Xml.XmlBaseReader.ReadElementContentAsString    at   ReadArrayOfstringFromJsonXmlReaderDelegator ,   XmlObjectSerializerReadContextComplexJson , XmlDictionaryString ,   XmlDictionaryString , CollectionDataContract     at   System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.JsonCollectionDataContract.ReadJsonValueCoreXmlReaderDelegator   jsonReader, XmlObjectSerializerReadContextComplexJson context    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.JsonDataContract.ReadJsonValueXmlReaderDelegator   jsonReader, XmlObjectSerializerReadContextComplexJson context    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.XmlObjectSerializerReadContext.InternalDeserializeXmlReaderDelegator   reader, String name, String ns, Type declaredType, DataContractamp   dataContract    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.XmlObjectSerializerReadContext.InternalDeserializeXmlReaderDelegator   xmlReader, Int32 id, RuntimeTypeHandle declaredTypeHandle, String   name, String ns    at   ReadSaveShoppingListChangesCommandFromJsonXmlReaderDelegator ,   XmlObjectSerializerReadContextComplexJson , XmlDictionaryString ,   XmlDictionaryString[]     at   System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.JsonClassDataContract.ReadJsonValueCoreXmlReaderDelegator   jsonReader, XmlObjectSerializerReadContextComplexJson context    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.JsonDataContract.ReadJsonValueXmlReaderDelegator   jsonReader, XmlObjectSerializerReadContextComplexJson context    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.XmlObjectSerializerReadContext.InternalDeserializeXmlReaderDelegator   reader, String name, String ns, Type declaredType, DataContractamp   dataContract    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.XmlObjectSerializerReadContext.InternalDeserializeXmlReaderDelegator   xmlReader, Type declaredType, DataContract dataContract, String name,   String ns    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.DataContractJsonSerializer.InternalReadObjectXmlReaderDelegator   xmlReader, Boolean verifyObjectName    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.XmlObjectSerializer.ReadObjectHandleExceptionsXmlReaderDelegator   reader, Boolean verifyObjectName, DataContractResolver   dataContractResolver   p      p End of inner exception stack trace br   at   System.Runtime.Serialization.XmlObjectSerializer.ReadObjectHandleExceptionsXmlReaderDelegator   reader, Boolean verifyObjectName, DataContractResolver   dataContractResolver    at   System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.DataContractJsonSerializer.ReadObjectXmlDictionaryReader   reader, Boolean verifyObjectName    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.SingleBodyParameterMessageFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage   message, Object[] parameters    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DemultiplexingDispatchMessageFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage   message, Object[] parameters    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.UriTemplateDispatchFormatter.DeserializeRequestMessage   message, Object[] parameters    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DispatchOperationRuntime.DeserializeInputsMessageRpcamp   rpc    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.DispatchOperationRuntime.InvokeBeginMessageRpcamp   rpc    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.ImmutableDispatchRuntime.ProcessMessage5MessageRpcamp   rpc    at   System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.ImmutableDispatchRuntime.ProcessMessage31MessageRpcamp   rpc    at System.ServiceModel.Dispatcher.MessageRpc.ProcessBoolean   isOperationContextSetp blockquote  pI have been looking for some similar cases and I found this link bra hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4270256configuringthenetwcfutf8deserializertomodifydiscardnonshortestformConfiguring the .NET WCF UTF8 deserializer to modifydiscard nonshortest form chars instead of throwing an exceptiona br with a possible fix of the error with UTF8 using nonshortest form  if this is the case here which it looks like to me.p  pBut I dont see why this fix should be necessary, because as stated here bra hrefhttpsblogs.oracle.comCoreJavaTechTipsentrytheoverhaulofjavautf relnofollowhttpsblogs.oracle.comCoreJavaTechTipsentrytheoverhaulofjavautfa p  blockquote   pThe new UTF8 charset implementation has been integrated in JDK7,   Open JDK 6, JDK 6 update 11 and later, JDK5.0u17, and 1.4.219.p blockquote  pWhen I look at the request I see p  blockquote   pHTTPUSERAGENTApacheHttpClientUNAVAILABLE strongjava 1.4strongp blockquote  pbut the Android app is compiled with strongjdk1.7.013strongp  pHow should I fix this problemp
Negative 63 pFor example, If my database isp  precode     people name [firstBilly, lastsmith] ,      people name [firstbob, lastsmith] ,      people name [firstthor, lastsmith] ,      people name [firsthobo, lastsmith]  codepre  pI would like something to the effect of codequery.likebcode and have it return the first, second and fourth docsp  pIs there anything like this in the Javascript APIp
Negative 63 pim working on a project in mvc and have a javascript to change the image on mouseover.p  pmy problem is the followsp  pthe script is working but only change the image for the first li element and then when i do mouseout its showing me the image of the last li element on the place of the first li.p  pi cant understand what happening .p  psomeone can give me a hand with this plsp  pstronghere is my codestrongp  precode ltulgt         foreach var p in ViewBag.MyIcon                                                         ltligt                    ltscript  typetextjavascriptgt                       function onHover                            iconInteraction.attrsrc, Contenticonhover.png                                               function offHover                            iconInteraction.attrsrc, p.Icon                                                    ltscriptgt                       ltform action methodpostgt                         ltbutton typesubmit namesubmit idInterfaceButtongt                ltimg srcp.Icon onmouseoveronHover onmouseoutoffHover idiconInteractiongt                ltbuttongt                                        ltformgt               ltligt                 ltulgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have web pages inp  precodewww.uglyhostdomain.comprojectnameversion2index.html  codepre  pand own the domainp  precodewww.prettydomain.com codepre  pIs it possible to configure them in some way such that www.prettydomain.com acts as though the www.uglyhostdomain.comprojectnameversion2 folder does.p  pI understand this uses some combination of CNAME andor URL masking cloaking and URL mapping but it isnt clear to me which configuration to use.p  pI.E. can I use www.prettydomain.comindex.html and www.prettydomain.comlogin.html to show the pages being served from www.uglyhostdomain.comprojectnameversion2p  pHopefully I didnt butcher the question too badly. Any help appreciated.p
Negative 63 pIm evaluating the possibility of including AdMob interstitial into my iOS app. One thing Im not sure is whether we can present the interstitial in an animated way. From the document, it looks like the only way we can display the interstitial is to use thep  precodepresentFromRootViewControllerUIViewController rootViewController codepre  pmethod since GADInterstitial is not a view but an NSObject. Is there any way we can display it in an animation such as slidingscrolling inp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pIve come across this very weird issue where Safari web browser displays the website a bit differently than Firefox.p  pIm trying to set up some largescaled Font Awesome icons into a TwitterBootstrap span4.p  pThe container looks like this on Safari exactly how I want it to bep  blockquote   pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMmsmp.png altp blockquote  pAnd like so on Firefoxp  blockquote   pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comA3X9D.png altp blockquote  pHTML is herep  precodeltdiv classcontainergt   ltdiv classrowfluidgt      ltdiv classspan4 center frontgt       lti classiconthumbsupgtltigt       ltdiv classshowcasegt       lth1gtHeadinglth1gt       ltpgtDonec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Fusce dapibus, tellus ac cursus commodo, tortor mauris condimentum nibh, ut fermentum massa justo sit amet risus. Etiam porta sem malesuada magna mollis euismod. Donec sed odio dui. ltpgt       ltpgtlta classbtn hrefgtRead more ampraquoltagtltpgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classspan4 center frontgt       lti classiconthumbsupgtltigt       ltdiv classshowcasegt       lth1gtHeadinglth1gt       ltpgtDonec id elit non mi porta gravida at eget metus. Fusce dapibus, tellus ac cursus commodo, tortor mauris condimentum nibh, ut fermentum massa justo sit amet risus. Etiam porta sem malesuada magna mollis euismod. Donec sed odio dui. ltpgt       ltpgtlta classbtn hrefgtRead more ampraquoltagtltpgt       ltdivgt    ltdivgt     ltdiv classspan4 center frontgt       lti classiconthumbsupgtltigt       ltdiv classshowcasegt       lth1gtHeadinglth1gt       ltpgtDonec sed odio dui. Cras justo odio, dapibus ac facilisis in, egestas eget quam. Vestibulum id ligula porta felis euismod semper. Fusce dapibus, tellus ac cursus commodo, tortor mauris condimentum nibh, ut fermentum massa.ltpgt       ltpgtlta classbtn hrefgtRead more ampraquoltagtltpgt       ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pAnd custom CSS here for the classes and Font Awesomep  precode.container .rowfluid .span4 i    fontsize 150px   color 777777   .center    textalign center   .front    margintop 40px   .showcase    margintop 125px  codepre  hr  h1Edith1  pI managed to remove the .showcase bar as John already suggested, but the big Font Awesome icons are still not prefectly alligned. I made another jsfiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netcrz5e2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netcrz5e2a where I changed the code.frontcode class margintop to 70px.p  pIt looks like this in Safari with codemargintop 70pxcode added to the code.frontcode classp  blockquote   pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdTZaG.png altp blockquote  pAnd like this on Firefox with the same CSS.p  blockquote   pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJTSyb.png altp blockquote
Negative 63 pI tried to execute a small codehive querycode from codeJavacode, but it is failing with below error, bur when I copy the same query and run on terminal it is giving me the result.p  pCan someone help me on this.p  pJava Codep  precodeRuntime.getRuntime.exechive e show databases codepre  pError thrownp  precodeFAILED ParseException line 15 cannot recognize input near ampltEOFampgt ampltEOFampgt ampltEOFampgt in ddl statement codepre  pRegards, GHK.p
Negative 63 pIn my magento store have many customers. I want to offer my old customer with this special option.p  pi.e strongNo need to pay at the end of the salestrong. They can pay later with their outstanding invoices by online mode. Is there any possible to set this option with magento store.p  pI m using Secure trading payment gateway.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI want to sort a list of members with respect to the first two digits of the property Civic Number. If the search year is 82, everyone who has a Civic Number beginning with 82 are left in the list returned.p  pHere is a method I have written returns a sorted list with respect to first letters in a name.p  precodeprivate static ListltMembergt GetNameListstring searchString       return sortMemberList.Wherex gt x.FirstName.ToLower.StartsWithsearchString.ToLower.ToList  codepre  pI want to write a simular method but with regards on Civic Number. The Civic Number is 10 digits long and is of the data type long. I know this doesnt work but well, here is somethingp  precodeprivate static ListltMembergt GetMonthListint searchYear      return sortMemberList.OrderByx gt x.CivicNumber gt searchYear.ToList  codepre  pBest regards Robert Jarlvikp
Negative 63 pHi im having trouble with a bit of code checking if any of the radio buttons are checked im getting this result  Uncaught TypeError Cannot read property checked of null  when I run it the code that is relevant to this isp  precodefunction validateForm   var msg  var LoE  ...some code  for var i0 ilt3 i   if document.getElementByIdLoE  i.checked      LoE      break        Else             result  false       msgYou need to chose your level of entry           ...some more code  codepre  pand the radio buttons that are being checked. They are within a form by the name of ExamEntryp  precode lttrgt   lttdgtltinput type  radio name  LevelOfEntry id  LoE0 value  GCSEgtGCSElttdgt   lttrgt  lttrgt   lttdgtltinput type  radio name  LevelOfEntry id  LoE1 value  ASgtASlttdgt   lttrgt  lttrgt   lttdgtltinput type  radio name  LevelOfEntry id  LoE2 value  A2gtA2lttdgt   lttrgt  codepre  pthanks for the help.p  pEDIT removed the single quote marks as suggested in the comments and replaced withp  precode   if document.getElementByIdLoE  i.checked codepre  pnow only getting error that else is unspecified in this part of the codep  precode    Else             result  false       msgYou need to chose your level of entry             codepre  pEDIT resolved. Thanks a lot everyonep
Negative 63 pi have a div within which there is an codeltulgtcode with several items. the enclosing div has a css class attached to it for styling.p  pwhat i want to do is to be able to scroll the div when the items in the codeltulgtcode increases.p  pi tried to use jScrollPane but no luck. can someone please help how to scroll a div or ulp
Negative 63 pI am using opencv 2.4.6 which I believe is the latest version.p  pI am trying to test with ocl module and developing an application like this p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comnzjrsopencvblobmastersamplesoclsurfmatcher.cpp relnofollowhttpsgithub.comnzjrsopencvblobmastersamplesoclsurfmatcher.cppa p  pBut I am getting error that p  popencv2coreutility.hppp  pis not available. Looking at opencv directory, I can see that it is not in opencv include directory. p  pWhere can I download itp
Negative 63 pI am using opencv 2.4.4 installed via macports with python 2.7.5 on a mac os x 10.7.5. p  pI want to train a cascade to look for male frontal faces. But I am getting the codeterminate called throwing an exceptionAbort trap 6code error. I request the SO community help me figure out what might be going wrong.p  pThe negative background image are taken from google googleImagesnoFaces 293 imagesp  pThe positive images are taken from Karolinska database trainingSet 70 imagesp  pI created a text file which indicates the relative location of background images bgDesc.txtp  pI also created a text file indicating the relative location, number of positive instances in the image which is always 1 and bounding region of the object which is the entire image maleDesc.txt  p  pAll these files can be downloaded from a hrefhttpsdrive.google.comfolderviewid0B2AJ7rliSQubNDBNU1NZV2lpWlUampuspsharingherea.p  pThe organization of the files is in this formp  precodetrainingSet     image1.jpg     image2.jpg     .     .     .  googleImagesnoFaces     image1.jpg     image2.jpg     .     .     .  cascadeFiles  maleDesc.txt bgDesc.txt codepre  pwhen I use opencvcreatesamples a codemaleDesc.veccode file is successfully created with the following line p  precodeopencvcreatesamples vec maleDesc.vec info maleDesc.txt bg bgDesc.txt num 70 w 24 h 24 codepre  pif I use codeshowcode parameter I can see that 24x24 pixel images are created. p  pI then tryp  precodeopencvtraincascade data cascadeFiles vec maleDesc.vec bg bgDesc.txt numPos 70  numNeg 293 numStages 1 precalcValBufSize 500 precalcIdxBufSize 500 featureType LBP w 24 h 24 codepre  pWhich gives me an error.p  pI have tried different values of codenumPoscode such as 10, 20 and so on up to 70 along with different values of codenumNegcode as 30, 60 and so on up to 293. I have tried to use numPos values that are less than numNeg values and even those which are greater than. I have also tried different codenumStagescode values like 1, 5, 10, 20 and 100 but in all of these attempts I get the same error. p  pI have not tried different values of minHitRate, maxFalseAlarmRate, weightTrimRate, maxDepth, maxWeakCount because I dont really understand how they influence the behavior of opencvtraincascade algorithm. p  pAny help is much appreciated p
Negative 63 pIm struggling to get my div content to full 100 height of the page, if I resize my browser, my div .divAboutRight stretches accordingly to accommodate the content but my wrapper div content does not I have an image logo which is centered to its parent content which it is not doing when the parent doesnt fill 100.p  pIm sure Im missing something really basic.p  pAny assistance or guidance would be appreciated.p  precode           ltstylegt             htmlmargin0 padding0 width100 height100             bodyheight100minheight100 margin0 padding0 width100 backgroundcolorfb9f32 colorFFF              .headwidth100 height60px backgroundcolorFFFFFF             contentwidth100height100minheight 100 positionrelative border1px solid red             Back                              positionabsolute                 left0                 backgroundurl..imagesBack.png norepeat                 backgroundsize 100 100                 floatleft                 minwidth55                 height59                 border1px solid green                          logo                              displayblock                 position absolute                 top 50                 left 50                 maxheight 132px                 maxwidth 133px                 margin 66.5px 0 0 66px                 zindex9999999                          .divAboutRightwidth35 marginright5 margintop3floatright border1px solid yellow              ltstylegt              ltbodygt             ltdiv classheadgt                 lt Header Content gt             ltdivgt              ltdiv idcontentgt                     ltdiv idBackgt                         lt absolute positioned gt                    ltdivgt                  lt Fixed logo to be center of content wrapper gt                 ltimg idlogo width133 height132 srcimageslogo.pnggt                  ltdiv classdivAboutRightgt                                         Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam id est leo. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. In et volutpat metus. Cras et ante in enim sollicitudin facilisis quis eget lacus. Donec a justo in lacus ornare porttitor feugiat sit amet velit. Nunc iaculis, tellus quis sollicitudin placerat, leo nulla viverra lectus, id semper massa arcu in purus. Vivamus dictum venenatis metus quis viverra. Donec euismod, mauris vel aliquam convallis, lectus diam scelerisque lacus, id adipiscing orci augue nec arcu. Nulla molestie est lobortis tempor consectetur. Curabitur convallis malesuada velit et volutpat. Morbi a commodo velit. Integer malesuada nunc augue, ac convallis justo sollicitudin a. Nam nulla urna, facilisis quis ullamcorper dictum, venenatis eu ante. Ut consectetur sit amet lacus sed posuere. Nunc facilisis est eu ultrices scelerisque.              Cras feugiat tincidunt justo, et eleifend felis pretium ac. Nulla ornare, massa eu tincidunt tristique, sapien enim congue nisl, id pellentesque nisl lorem vel dolor. Mauris imperdiet, diam ac aliquam convallis, eros ante rhoncus justo, non malesuada mi nulla non sem. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Suspendisse potenti. Praesent sapien velit, sodales eget odio at, ullamcorper molestie nibh. Mauris iaculis posuere leo, non sollicitudin libero ullamcorper quis. Integer lobortis et eros vitae imperdiet. Ut ligula sem, tempor quis lobortis imperdiet, interdum ac nisl. Sed non lectus mauris.              Donec mattis lorem dolor, a feugiat neque dictum in. Nullam pharetra magna mi, quis hendrerit odio vestibulum id. Donec faucibus risus sed felis mattis pharetra vel a enim. Curabitur ultrices bibendum dapibus. Nulla sit amet metus mauris. Phasellus at tellus est. Mauris sagittis, eros quis laoreet sodales, tortor justo tempus dolor, et tincidunt dui tellus et erat. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Pellentesque vitae pulvinar sapien. Praesent pellentesque metus sem, pellentesque ullamcorper augue pellentesque eu.              In neque lectus, ultricies ultrices nisi sed, commodo viverra justo. Cras quis neque vulputate, elementum ante non, pellentesque urna. Fusce id tempus magna. Fusce nec tortor id nulla pharetra sodales nec at tellus. Suspendisse gravida felis non turpis consequat, sit amet gravida risus ornare. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Duis elementum consequat mauris ut accumsan. Donec nec aliquet tortor. Donec turpis tellus, convallis at faucibus sed, volutpat ac turpis. Vestibulum consequat sapien mi, et ultricies libero convallis ultricies. Mauris placerat mollis elementum. Nulla molestie felis purus, sed hendrerit enim vehicula ac. Curabitur adipiscing fringilla ultricies. Nunc hendrerit libero non aliquet egestas. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aliquam mattis dui a enim interdum aliquet.              Nulla sagittis ligula enim, in vulputate lectus tincidunt ac. Sed imperdiet gravida orci at semper. Proin mollis adipiscing neque, vitae convallis risus rutrum eget. Praesent augue neque, lacinia nec tincidunt sed, elementum non sem. Suspendisse a mi condimentum, pellentesque lorem id, tempor turpis. In tortor nibh, convallis egestas ornare scelerisque, semper non nisi. Pellentesque ullamcorper euismod malesuada. Curabitur condimentum arcu id lorem posuere tincidunt. Proin convallis, elit vel fringilla tincidunt, eros diam ullamcorper lacus, eget posuere tortor velit vestibulum lorem. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Cras sit amet pellentesque lacus. Maecenas molestie augue id ipsum feugiat, non pulvinar mi eleifend. Aenean augue metus, tincidunt non pellentesque eu, tristique quis metus. In a neque viverra, commodo velit ut, pretium diam.                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt             ltbodygt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a piece of templatised C code that compiles fine on Visual Studio 2010, but does not compile on Linux GCC. The code looks fine to me, so my question is what am I doing wrong herep  pThis is the code that gives the error I removed all the irrelevant stuff to get just the problematic partp  precodeclass CaseInsensitiveCompare  public     bool operator const RStringamp first, const RStringamp second const   template lttypename Tgt T CombinedValueltTgtgetUpgradedSettingValueconst Tamp defaultValue, const UpgradeListamp upgrades, const RStringamp className const      stdmapltRString, CombinedSettingltTgt, CaseInsensitiveComparegt myMap     stdmapltRString, CombinedSettingltTgt, CaseInsensitiveComparegtiterator myIter  codepre  pThis compiles and functions just fine, but gives a compile error on GCC on Linux. The error I get from the compiler is that there should be a emem before emmyIterem. So the weird thing is that the line with emmyMapem is fine, but the line with emmyIterem is not. If I remove the line with emmyMapem, I still get the exact same issue.p  pWhat am I doing wrong here My current hunch is that this is an error in the GCC compiler itself, but if that is the case how can I work around thatp
Negative 63 precode    ltscript typetextjavascriptgt             document.readyfunction                     number.changefunction                      number optionselected.text                    alertValue change to   this.attrvalue                    numberdiv.htmlYou selected   this.attrvalue                           ltscriptgt  ltselect idnumber datacornersfalse dataiconfalsegt                     ltoption value9 gt9 ltoptiongt                     ltoption value18 gt18 ltoptiongt                     ltoption value27 gt27 ltoptiongt                     ltoption value36 gt36 ltoptiongt                     ltoption value54 gt54 ltoptiongt                 ltselectgt                 ltdiv idnumberdivgtltdivgt codepre  pthis is working fine but what i cant do is to display the current value which is 9 it can display the vlaue of 9 after you change to other value and them change back to 9 what i want is when i load the You selected 9 will display even if i dont make a change in the selectp
Negative 63 pI have generated a 9 page report using RDLC reports in C VS 2010, but what I want is a vertical scroll bar so that I scroll down the pages like PDF instead of Page Next Previous button. I am searching and Googled it for answer but didnt find anything. I hope I am clear with my question. For any further detail please comment. Thank You.p
Negative 63 pI cant seem to figure out how to reference my class that is in another dll in the same solution using the EntityFrameworkp  pError   1   The type or namespace name Animal could not be found are you missing a using directive or an assembly referencep  pIf I try to add the reference I will that it would create a circular reference.p  precodepublic class AnimalDBContext  DbContext      public AnimalDBContext          base                 public DbSetltAnimalgt Animals  get set    codepre  pThis is the version that seems more correct to me. But it might notp  precodepublic class AnimalDBContextltTEntitygt where TEntity   DbContext      public AnimalDBContext          base                 public DbSetltTEntitygt Animals  get set    codepre  pThis leads to the following compiler error.p  precode AnimalDBContext lt Animal gt animal  new AnimalDBContextltAnimalgt  Error   3   The type AnimalLibrary.Animals.Animal cannot be used as type parameter TEntity in the generic type or method ObjectSaver.AnimalDBContextltTEntitygt. There is no implicit reference conversion from AnimalLibrary.Animals.Animal to System.Data.Entity.DbContext.     codepre
Negative 63 pHow can I read the returned JSON string in JQuery in the following codep  precode var jqXHR  .ajaxWEBSERVICE  createFoldername  foldername       .donefunction data, textStatus, jqXHR            alertdata   lt I want to alert the returnd string              .failfunction          alert error                .alwaysfunction          alert complete         codepre  pWhen I check the codedata.childNodes[0].textContentcode I get returned string  with two quotes on each side. I want to get the string itself and use in in the .done method.p  pIn the .NET webservice I usep  precodereturn new JavaScriptSerializer.Serializenewfoldername codepre  pTo return a JSON string.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 precodeSELECT GROUPID FROM KMMASTGROUP WHERE  OWNER4629 or CREATEDBYint4629 codepre  powner is int and createdby is varchar I am getting error like stronginvalid input syntax for integer nullstrong i am not getting how to do the type casting. Anyone help mep
Negative 63 pIm trying to build a qt project which will use boost binary libraries. And I want path to libs to be passed from .sh script to qmake and extended in .pro file. So I have this .pro filep  precodeTEMPLATE  app CONFIG  console CONFIG  qt  SOURCES  main.cpp  messageMaster pro file path  [[BOOSTLIBSPATH]]  LIBS  L[BOOSTLIBSPATH] codepre  pand a script file that run qmakep  precodeBOOSTLIBSPATHpathtoboost  echo BOOSTLIBSPATH  qmakeqt4 qttestproj.pro r spec linuxg codepre  pbut at the complie output I receive p  precodeProject MESSAGE boost libs path  [] codepre  pso codeBOOSTLIBSPATHcode in code.procode file is still empty.p
Negative 63 pI am using multi peer technology in my app ios7. The user can send a resource with the following methodp  precodeprogressSend  [session sendResourceAtURLimageUrl withName info toPeerpeerID withCompletionHandlerNSError error           Implement this block to know when the sending resource transfer completes and if there is an error.         if error              NSLogSend resource to peer [] completed with Error [], peerID.displayName, error                  else               Create an image transcript for this received image resource               ] codepre  pThe problem is that sometimes it stops half way, or it is really slow. Is there a way to cancel the transmission without disconnectingp  precode[session disconnect] codepre  pp
Negative 63 pI have problems cross compiling some c sources that contain sse instruction. I manage to compile them for simulator with no extra c flag, but for armv7 i get the following errorp  precodeerror SSE instruction set not enabled  and following other errors such as ... unknown type name m128  codepre  pI have looked into clang flags for a flag to activate sse instructions, but did not findp  p the source file that im trying to compile is gdalgrid.cpp in project gdal, a hrefhttpfossies.orgdoxgdal1.10.1gdalgrid8cppsource.html relnofollowhttpfossies.orgdoxgdal1.10.1gdalgrid8cppsource.htmla p  pthx in advancep
Negative 63 pIm working with a Google API that returns IDs in the below format, which Ive saved as a string.  How can I write a Regular Expression in javascript to trim the string to only the characters after the last slash in the URL.p  precodevar id  httpwww.google.comm8feedscontactsmyemail40gmail.combasenabb80191e23b7d9 codepre
Negative 63 pI am having some issues. In my code, I am to writing a turing test for diagnosing patients. 1. I really think this is more simple than I am writing it. 2. Im not even doing this right. When I run the program, I keep getting the first options, no matter what I choose. 3. I cannot seem to make my program stop running. Ive tried quit, break, exit, sys.exit, sys.exit, and sys.exit0. So my questions are Is there an easier way to do this, What am I doing wrong with my if and elif statements, and How do I make the program end when the user does not wish to continue Thanksp  pmy program is not done yet, but you get the ideap  precodeimport sys  def doctor      print Welcome to medical diagnostics     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none      if Head         rawinput Where does your head hurt Scalp, Eyes, Nose, Cheeks, Ears, Mouth, Jaw, or none          if Scalp             rawinput Are you experiencing Agitation, Bleeding, Fracturing, Bruising, Drainage, Fainting, Fever, Headaches, Migraines, Lumps, Lightheadedness, Dizziness, Swelling, or Seizures              if Agitation                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to withdrawals, side effects of intoxication, side effects of methamphetamine use, dementia in head injury, or epilepsy. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Bleeding                 rawinput You may have had some sort of trauma or injury. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Fracturing                 rawinput It is possible that you are dealing with physical abuse, trauma or injury, or osteogenesis imperfecta. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Bruising                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to a contusion, a hematoma, trauma or injury, botox injections, or thrombocytopenia. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Drainage                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to an allergic reaction or one or several abscesses. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Fainting                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to a heart rhythm disorder, atrial or aortal complications, heat exhaustion, low blood pressure, anemia, ADHD, dehydration, drug overdose, hyperventilation, low blood sugar, lyme disease, pulmonary embolism or hypertension, or a brain aneurysm. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Fever                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to viral pharyngitis, acute sinusitis, influenza, bacterial pneumonia, gastroenteritis, middle ear infection, sunburn, urinary tract infection, meningitis, coxsackie virus infection, one or several abscesses, aspirin poisoning, borchial adenoma, Crohns disease, cryptococcosis, drug overdose, drug withdrawals, epiglottitis, hepatitis A or B, inflammatory bowel disease, kidney infection, lupus, lyme disease, mononucleosis, mumps, osteomyelitis, pericarditis, phlebitis, rheumatic fever, rheumatoid arthritis, sarcoidosis, scarlet fever, syphilis, thalassemia, thyroid storm, tuberculosis, valley fever, viral pneumonia, histoplasmosis, sickle cell disease, tick bite, brain infection, Chagas disease, dengue fever, legionella, malaria, toxic shock syndrome, typhoid fever, whooping cough, pilonidal cysts, measles, mesenteric lymphadenitis, plague, shingles, west nile virus, anthrax, endocarditis, or catscratch disease. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Headaches                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to tension, acute sinusitis, acute stress reaction, caffeince withdrawals, type 1 or 2 diabetes, excessive caffeine use, malocclusion, nearsighedness, postconcussive syndrome, sleep apnea, sunburn, chronic sinusitis, meningitis, allergic reactions, anemia, astigmatism, botox injections, carbon monoxide poisoning, cervical spondylosis, chronic kidney disease, coxsackie virus infection, cryptococcosis, dementia in head injury, head injury, heat exhaustion, high blood pressure, hypocalcemia, insulin reaction, intracranial hematoma, lupus, lyme disease, mononucleosis, multiple sclerosis, mumps, nasal polyps, nonallergic rhinitis, noroviruses, ocular migraine, sporotrichosis, thalassemia, constipation, chemical burns, tick bite, anemia, brain aneurysm, brain infection, cyanide poisoning, endocarditis, lead poisoning, plague, pseudohypoparathyroidism, radiation sickness, typhoid fever, osteomyelitis, bird flu, brain tumor, shingles, or west nile virus. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Migraines                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to a brain aneurysm or meningitis. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Lumps                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to trauma or injury, abscesses, epidermal cysts, or benign lipoma. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Lightheadedness                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to generalized anxiety disorder, heart rhythm disorder, hyperventilation, supraventricular tachycardia, acute kidney failure, anemia, heart complications, high or low blood pressure, labyrinthitis, thalassemia, or toxic shock syndrome. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Dizziness                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to middle ear infection, labyrinthitis, benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, diabetes, fainting, generalized anxiety disorder, heart rhythm disorder, panic attack, anemia, heart complications, aspirin poisoning, benzodiazepine abuse, carbon monoxide poisoning, cryptococcosis, dehydration, heat exhaustion, high or low blood pressure, hyperventilation, insulin reaction, Menieres disease, pulmonary hypertension, supraventricular tachycardia, chemical burns, anemia, cyanide poisoning, or small intestine cancer. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Swelling                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to bee or wasp stings, insect bites or stings, poison ivy, oak, or sumac, burns, chemical burns, or osteomyelitis. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif Seizures                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to alcohol withdrawal, cocaine abuse, insulin reaction, barbiturate abuse, brain aneurysm, brain infection, brain tumor, Chigas disease, tetanus, or west nile virus. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif none                 rawinput Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0         if Eyes             rawinput Are you experiencing Bleeding, Blurred Vision, Fracturing, Bruising, Double Vision, Drainage, Redness, Floating Spots, Scratchy Eyes, Irritation, Lumps, Bruising, Numbness, Red Eyelid, Swelling, or none              if Bleeding                 rawinput You may have had some sort of trauma or injury. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif blurred vision                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to Diabetes, Eye injury, Nearsightedness, Pink eye, Acute angleclosure glaucoma, Astigmatism, Benzodiazepine abuse, Cryptococcosis, Diabetic ketoacidosis, Epilepsy, Foreign object in the eye, Glaucoma, Low blood pressure, Ocular migraine, Retinal detachment, Diabetic eye disease, or Pseudohypoparathyroidism. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif fracturing                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to a broken eye socket. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif bruising                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to a hematoma, black eye, botox injection, trauma or injury, or thrombocytopenia. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif double vision                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to diabetes, alcohol intoxication, aspirin poisoning, cataracts, botulinum poisoning, or Cavernous sinus thrombosis. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif drainage                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to pink eye or one or several abscesses. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif floating spots                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to benign eye floaters, diabetic disease, or retinal detachment. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif scratchy eyes                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to Dust exposure, Hay fever, Pink eye, Wind exposure, Dry eyes, Foreign object in the eye, Sarcoidosis, Sjogrens syndrome, or Bird flu. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif irritation                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to Allergic reaction, Indoor allergens, Hay fever, Rosacea, Eye allergies, or Chagas disease. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif lumps                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to one or several abscesses or chalzion. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif numbness                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to burns or chemical burns. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif swelling                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to Acute sinusitis, Allergic reaction, Hay fever, Pink eye, Bee or wasp stings, Eye allergies, Foreign object in the eye, Insect bites, Insect sting, Poison ivy, oak, or sumac, Burn, or Chemical burns. Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif none                 rawinput Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0         if Nose             rawinput Are you experiencing bruising, difficulty breathing, drainage, congestion, nosebleed, numbness, pain, swelling, tenderness, or none              if bruising                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif difficulty breathing                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif drainage                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif congestion                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif nosebleed                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif numbness                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif pain                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif swelling                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif tenderness                 rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0             elif none                 rawinput Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0         if Cheeks             rawinput              elif                  rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0         if Ears             rawinput          if Mouth             rawinput          if Jaw             rawinput          if None             rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none      if Neck         rawinput      if Chest         rawinput Where does your chest hurt Sternum, Chest, or Lateral          if Sternum             rawinput          if Chest             rawinput          if Lateral             rawinput      if Abdomen         rawinput      if Back         rawinput      if Arms         rawinput      if Legs         rawinput      if Buttocks         rawinput      if Pelvis         rawinput      if None         rawinput Do you have a fever Y or N          if Y             rawinput Are you feeling nauseous Yes or No              if Yes                 rawinput              if No                 rawinput          if N             rawinput    doctor        elif                  rawinput It is possible that this is due to . Would you like to start over Yay or Nay                  if Yay                     rawinput Which area hurts Head, Neck, Chest, Abdomen, Back, Arms, Legs, Buttocks, Pelvis, or none                  elif Nay                     sys.exit0 codepre
Negative 63 plets say I have a folder called codeexamplesbasicscode In that folder I have a bunch of .asm files. What I would now like to do is to have those files automatically made into JMenuItems, without the .asm extension, placed inside a JMenu and have actionlisteners added to them, that do the followingp  blockquote   pUser clicks on JMenuItem genetated.  A new, lets say a CodeArea object is created and the file emexamplesbasicswhat I clikced onem is passed in as a new File.p blockquote  pHow to achive this with the simplest meansp
Negative 63 pIm trying to implement knockout validation. For this example I have Vacancy typed object with observable property in it. Everything works except displaying error message near input in UI jquery pop up window if I leave the empty input. What should be my next stepp  pJSp  precode    ko.validation.configure                         registerExtenders true,                         messagesOnModified true,                         insertMessages true,                         parseInputAttributes true,                         messageTemplate null                           var Vacancy  function                      this.Header  ko.observable.extend required true            function viewModel           self.selectedVacancy  ko.observablenew Vacancy           self.action function                  self.validationModel  ko.validatedObservable                         P1 self.selectedVacancy.Header                                          if self.validationModel.isValid                              alertDo Action                          else                              alertNot Valid                               codepre  pUIp  precodeltlabelgtHeader ltlabelgt ltinput databindvalue Headergt codepre
Negative 63 pIm using Eclipse IDE for EE developmentKepler SR1.p  pUsing Maven 3.1.0, Im trying to create a simple web project. Accordingly, in Eclipse, I select strongmavenarchetypewebapp and proceed.strongp  pBut when the project is created, under Java resources, only strongsrcmainresources is seenstrong. When I check the build path, it shows strongsrcmainjava and srctestjava as missingstrong.p  pObviously, when I created a simple servlet under srcmainresources, I got a ClassNotFoundException for the servlet  I believe that the Servlet class didnt get compiled as my Maven basic folder structure itself is missing p  pWhat could be the problem I dont see any reason to makecreate any source folder entries manually if Im getting the option of mavenarchetypewebapp in the Eclipse IDE.p
Negative 63 pI have this layout  first, is a spinner, after that is a listview, after that is a linearlayout include EditText and Button, and at the bottom of the screen is a Button.p  pHere is my first layout filep  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidorientationverticalgt      ltSpinner         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidtextColor0e0e0e         androidlayoutaboveidlistview         androidididspinnergt      ltListView         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidididlistview         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutaboveidlinearlayout gt       ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidorientationhorizontal         androidididlinearlayout         androidlayoutaboveidsearchbtn         androidweightSum3         androidlayoutalignParentLefttruegt          ltEditText             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidididinsertchordedittext             androidlayoutweight2             androidtextgt          ltButton             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidididaddchordbutton             androidlayoutweight1             androidtextAddgt      ltLinearLayoutgt      ltButton         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidididsearchbtn         androidtextSearch         androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidlayoutmarginBottom32dp gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pEverything works fine, except that I cannot see codeSpinnercode. and I have tested on real device. after that, I change layout above. Instead of say  codespinner is above listviewcode and codelistview is above of linearlayoutcode. I change to  codelistview is below of spinnercode and codelistview is above of linearlayoutcode. I have change as below layoutp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpaddingLeftdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingRightdimenactivityhorizontalmargin     androidpaddingTopdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidpaddingBottomdimenactivityverticalmargin     androidorientationverticalgt      ltSpinner         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidtextColor0e0e0e         androidididspinnergt      ltListView         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidididlistview         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutbelowidspinner        ADD THIS LINE         androidlayoutaboveidlinearlayout gt       ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidorientationhorizontal         androidididlinearlayout         androidlayoutaboveidsearchbtn         androidweightSum3         androidlayoutalignParentLefttruegt          ltEditText             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidididinsertchordedittext             androidlayoutweight2             androidtextgt          ltButton             androidlayoutwidth0dp             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidididaddchordbutton             androidlayoutweight1             androidtextAddgt      ltLinearLayoutgt      ltButton         androidlayoutwidthfillparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidididsearchbtn         androidtextSearch         androidlayoutalignParentBottomtrue         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidlayoutmarginBottom32dp gt  ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pAnd it works as I want, but I cannot explain why. Please tell me.p  pThanks p
Negative 63 pI have a lucene index with approx. 1 million documents. From these documents, I want to mine p  ol liemail addressesli lisignatures   i[whitespace]s[whitespace]john doe[whitespace]i li lispecific identifiers from each of the documents that follow a regex pattern is[09]3[azAZ09]6sI.  li ol  pI understand that ideally using solr, during index build time, its much easier, but how can one do this from a built lucene indexp  pI am using java. For email address search, I tried to I.setAllowLeadingWildcardtrueI and then searched for IememI to find all email addresses  but I actually got zero results . if I search for emem in luke I get zero results. If I search for Ihotmail.comI in luke, I get bunch of results with valid email addresses such as aaaaahotmail.com.p  pThe index was created using IStandardAnalyzerI. Not sure if it matters, but the text is in UTF8 I believe.p  pAny helpful suggestions, pointers is great Note this is not for front end, so query doesnt have to be near realtime.p
Negative 63 pCan we make some process wait for a variable to be initialized and then continuep  pI have the following codep  precode  def viewDidLoad     BWLocation.getdistancefilter 10, desiredaccuracy best do result       if result[error].nil         lat  result[to].latitude         lng  result[to].longitude       end       BWHTTP.getAPIURL response         case response.statuscode           when 200           parsedjson  BWJSON.parseresponse.body           if parsedjson[tags]             AppPersistence[tag]  parsedjson[tags]           else             UIApplication.sharedApplication.delegate.loggedout           end         end       end     end          def imagePickerControllerpicker, didFinishPickingMediaWithInfo info       begin         App.alerthello       end while AppPersistence[tag].nil     end     App.alertFinish   end codepre  pWhen the photo is taken, there is a possibility that my AppPersistence[tag] hasnt received the value from the API call yet. Therefore, when the user clicks the Next button, I want to make them wait for AppPersistence[tag] to get initialized before proceeding.p  pThis does not seem to work and it goes on to alert finish.p
Negative 63 pShura presents a test recorder called FXTestConstructor Jemmy Constructor for Jemmy in his talk at a hrefhttpwww.youtube.comwatchvM5WKPKqr1s relnofollowhttpwww.youtube.comwatchvM5WKPKqr1sa.p  pWhere can I download this tool p  pIs it available to the public already p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSA6aR.png altScreenshot of the tool from Shuras talk.p
Negative 63 pI have a webservice running on an IIS server using c and a asmx file.p  pThe Service is able to upload files requested by users to a ftpserver for them to temporarily view.p  pThe temporary folders are cleared on logout and such things... but if the user does not log out and just closes the tab or the browser in general, the files will stay at the FTPserver...p  pI wanted to make a garbagecollector function wich will clean up these files, or any files older than XXXXX.p  pSo, since the Webservice will timeout after the amount of minutes specified in the IIS config, I cant run a timer to do this.p  pIs there any event that is triggered when the webservice is about to shut down timeoutp  pI was googling like crazy... didnt find anything useful or I was googling wrong...p
Negative 63 pI need help to install a hrefhttpviewerjs.org relnofollowhttpviewerjs.orga plugin to view pfd files in Symfony2. That plugin contains cssjs files and images with its own folder structure.p  pThis is what I have donep  ol lipCopy all js files to AcmeBundleResourcespublicjspli lipCopy all css files to AcmeBundleResourcespubliccsspli lipCopy images folder which originally was into css folder in the plugin to AcmeBundleResourcespublicimagespli lipChange urlimagesxxxx functions of css files to url..imagesxxxxpli lipInstall assets php appconsole assetsinstall webpli lipInclude the following code to the view I want to use viewer.js.p  precodeltlink rel stylesheet typetextcss href assetbundlesacmecssviewer.css  gt ltscript src  assetbundlesacmejsPluginLoader.js  typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltscript src  assetbundlesacmejsviewer.js  typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt ltiframe idviewer src assetbundlesacmejsviewer.js ..uploads1.pdf width400 height300 allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreengtltiframegt codepreli ol  p1.pdf file is in webuploads folder. p  pWhen I load the view, I get in the place of the iframe elementp  blockquote   pNot Foundp      pThe requested URL bundlesacmejsviewer.js was not found on this   server.p blockquote
Negative 63 precode          function retrieveData           .ajax             url http192.168.1.186jsonandroidgetItemData.php,             jsonpCallback item,             contentType applicationjson,             dataType jsonp,             beforeSend function                  .mobile.showPageLoadingMsg             ,             success functiondata                  console.logdata                 var markup                   .eachdata.list, functioni, elem                      dbInsertelem[itemCode], elem[description], elem[price]                                  .mobile.hidePageLoadingMsg             ,             error functionrequest, error                  alerterror                              function dbInsertitemCode, description, price       var sqlTxt  INSERT INTO ITEMS itemCode,description,price  VALUES ,,      db.transaction             functiontx                  tx.executeSqlsqlTxt, [itemCode, description, price]             , errorCB        function queryDBcallback          var sqlTxt  SELECT  FROM ITEMS         db.transaction                 functiontx                      tx.executeSqlsqlTxt, [],                             functiontx, results                                  console.logLength is  results.rows.length                                 var itemCodes  []                                 for var i  0 i lt results.rows.length i                                       itemCodes.pushitemcode results.rows.itemi.itemCode, description results.rows.itemi.description, price results.rows.itemi.price                                                                  callbackitemCodes                                                          , errorCB                          return false      codepre  pI have 3 methods in my jquery file.retrieve,insert and querydb.Each functions work perfectly.Once the retrieve function calls it takes the data from server and save inide a database.When the querydb is  run it take all the value from db and save inside a array.When i run each method separately it works fine.but i need run after another these methods.p
Negative 63 pMy jQuery will not activate on click as it should. I am targeting all class a divs a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netclarinetkingBbSMW6 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netclarinetkingBbSMW6a     JSFiddlep  precodedocument.readyfunction   .a.clickfunction       this.fadeOutdefault400   codepre
Negative 63 pI am investigating whether we are using the best method of updating a customer waiting screen.p  pCurrently, we have a system that customers can arrive, take a ticket and sit and wait.. Operators have a screen that shows waiting tickets. They can call those tickets from the application which then takes the ticket from the queue and it is dealt with.p  pThe tech that runs this is an MVC application and razor views. The operators have a page with a table on it showing waiting tickets. p  pWe have a jquery function called refreshtable that runs from a setInterval . The interval is 3 seconds. refreshtable function uses jquery ajax to call a controller action that returns the latest set of data. The success action of that ajax then sets the html of the parent div to the new table data. the data is coming out of SQL. We have paired down the query that is returning the data and are pretty happy that it is efficient.p  pWe have up to 10 operators with this screen constantly updating. It needs to be frequently updated as tickets are coming in and being called constantly. Slowing the refresh down will cause confusion amongst the operators.p  pOur problem lies in the fact that neither the operators pcs or the webserver are fantastically powerful. Ultimately we would chop the lot and put in a fresh set of gear, but this isnt currently an option on the table. Are there any other client side technologies that I could consider using for this senario i.e. knockout  or Angularp  pAll commentsviews are most welcome.p
Negative 63 pIm aware that various jquery plugins exist that allow for creating dynamic grid layouts, but I cant seem to utilize any of them to create automatically sorted grids that FILL A SINGLE COLUMN before continuing to the nextp  pWhat I wish to achieve blocks numberedp  precode 1 3 5  2 6 47 codepre  pEDIT TO ADD DETAIL I wish to stack fill vertically instead of horizontally for content. Most systems would put 2 where I have put 3 in the above example. p  pEDIT 2 Each of the blocks represented by number can have variable heights based on contents, and I would like it to assign a column to each number that would get the entire columns height to be approximately equal or as close as possible to the other columnsp
Negative 63 pI do an export from Java to xls, i use POI library.p  pMy createCell Methodp  precodeprivate Cell createCellRow ligne, int col, String value, CellStyle style, HSSFWorkbook classeur              org.apache.poi.hssf.usermodel.HSSFOptimiser.optimiseCellStylesclasseur     CellStyle styleCell  classeur.createCellStyle     styleCell.cloneStyleFromstyle     return createCellligne, col, value, styleCell    protected Cell createCellRow ligne, int col, String value, CellStyle style      Cell cell  createCellligne, col, value     cell.setCellStylestyle     return cell  codepre  pi call this methods in a For, i have this message errorp  blockquote   pEchec de lexport The maximum number of cell styles was exceeded. You   can define up to 4000 styles in a .xls workbookp blockquote  pHow to reuse my cell without having to recreate each iteration p  pThxp
Negative 63 pim looking to switch on or off an LED bulb using the WiFi connection via a smartphone app.i tried various websites and i could not find a suitable answer for this.i just wanted to know how to interface the WiFi receiver with the microcontroller in the bulb and then control it via a application in android or iOS. thankyoup
Negative 63 pI have an array of GeoPoints pulled off of parse and displayed on a map view. I want the annotations to be displayed on the day they occur. I have a column titled Date in Parse but cannot figure out the proper format or something because I cannot figure it out. p  pHere is my current code. Any suggestionsp  precodePFGeoPoint point  [PFGeoPoint geoPointWithLatitudecurrentLocation.coordinate.latitude longitudecurrentLocation.coordinate.longitude] NSDate today  [NSDate date] NSDateFormatter dateFormat  [[NSDateFormatter alloc] init] [dateFormat setDateFormatddmmyyyy] NSString dateString  [dateFormat stringFromDatetoday] NSLogdate , dateString [query whereKeylocation nearGeoPointpoint withinMiles50.0] [query includeKeykPAWParseUserKey] [query whereKeydate equalTotoday] [query findObjectsInBackgroundWithBlockNSArray objects, NSError error      ..... ] codepre
Negative 63 pHow can i remove the border of the button. p  pCSSp  precodebuttontest   backgroundimage urlimagesicon.png important    height 70px important    width 49px   backgroundsize100 100   bordernone   borderradius0px   borderstylenone    borderwidth0px   outline0   backgroundnone    webkitboxshadow none   mozboxshadow none   boxshadow none   textshadownone  codepre  pAnd HTMLp  precodelta idbuttontest datarolebutton gtltagt codepre  pThe image with the visible border is as followsimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comj4ZU7.png altenter image description herep  pIn the css file i already tried most of the properties as you can see.p
Negative 63 pI have 2000 images stored as single binary file file.dat and a head of 512 bytes to this file. Format of every image is 5125122 bytes unsigned int 16. My task is to visualize all this images as video. How can I do this in python My problem is starting from reading the sequence of images. Im newbie in python.p
Negative 63 pI am having WebApi that returns Countries with Companies.p  pThe object returned is in the following formatp  precode[id1, NameDenmark, CurrencyDKK, Companies[],, id2,NameBelgium,CurrencyEUR,Companies[],  id3,NameAustria,CurrencyEUR,Companies[id4,NameBelgium Company 1,...] codepre  pSo, there is a list of Countries and each Country has a list of companies.p  pHow to map this structure to knockoutp  pI have knockout model codeviewModelcode with different propertiesp  precode this.objectId  ko.observable  this.Country  ko.observable  this is selected country for given object  this.Countries  ko.observableArray  this.Company  ko.observable this is selected company for given object  this.Companies  ko.observableArray  this.ContactName  ko.observable  ... codepre  pWhen page loads I am populating viewModel and binding UI. During this I also call webApi and get countriescompanies in the format as described above. p  precode    function getCountries      return .ajax         url apiportfolioGetCountries,         contentType applicationjson,         dataType json,         type GET       codepre  pI am calling getCountries during model initialization that loads model data like objectId, ContactName etc. When this init is done, I am calling getCountriesp  precode getCountries.donefunction dataJson          ko.mapping.fromJSdataJson, , ParentModel.ChildModelInst.Countries     .failfunction           alertfail      codepre  pcodethis.Countriescode and codethis.Companiescode should be used to populate dropdowns, for examplep  precodeltselect databindoptions Countries, value Countrygtltselectgt                     codepre  pstrongThe questionproblemstrong 1 Above doenst work, because Countries consists of objects and it shows me dropdown with objectsp  p2 I need somehow define Countries and Companies so that those are related. If I change countries then appropriate companies are loaded into dropdown. so this.Companies should be loaded accordingly to this.Country that is selected item from this.Countries.p
Negative 63 pits for my contact system.p  pSubject of mail could be codeHello Friend.code and codeRE2 Hello Friendcode.p  pI need code to find if the subject have codeREint subjectcode, if it have than make it codeREint subjectcode.p  pIf not than make it codeRE2 subjectcode.p  precodeltphp     pregmatchREd, mailgtsubject , m      if empty m          newSubject  RE2 .mailgtsubject      else          reNum  m[1]1          How to edit the subject to REnum mailgtsubject       gt codepre
Negative 63 pCan someone explain to me why when my PHP script returns a value I get undefined in angularjs but when I print a value my response value is accurate.. What would my PHP have to do to return a json objectp  pThis is my PHPp  precodepostdata  filegetcontentsphpinput data  jsondecodepostdata, true  if  data[username]  myusername ampamp data[password]  mypassword        status  success  else      status  failure   print status codepre  pThis is the part of my directive that deals with xhr requestp  precode    http.posthttplessons.localhostlogin.php, userdata     .successfunctionresponse           switch response               case success             sessionStorage.userStatus  success             break              case failure             sessionStorage.userStatus  failure             break              default                 sessionStorage.userStatus  absent             break                 console.logsessionStorage.userStatus        codepre
Negative 63 pWhat is the most convenient and clear way to define variables of type declared inside some complex class. For examplep  precodetemplateltclass T1, class T2gt  class ClassA      enum ENUMA  A1, A2      constructor     ClassAconst ENUMAamp x  codepre  pThen when you want to use this object somewhere else, youll have to write long type definitions likep  precodeClassAltClassT1, ClassT2gtENUMA var  ClassAltClassT1, ClassT2gtA1 ClassAltClassT1, ClassT2gt objvar codepre  pIs there any safe and convenient way to avoid such long declarations Ive thought about codetypedefcode, but maybe itp
Negative 63 pI am developing a NodeJS app using Express 3.0 with Swig as my template engine. What I would like to accomplish is the passing of render arguments to the next route. I want to this because I have certain site components which exist on every single page of my site sidebar, navbar, footer, etc. Each and every one of these components has widgets and links that toggle on and off. Right now I am doing the following to toggle these widgetsp  precoderesponse.rendernetwork.html,    activeTab network,   username request.session.username,   breadcurrent Network,   pagetitle Your Network,   pagesubtitle Mordrum,   widgets      navbar        chats          enabled true,         color blue,         icon chatbubble       , messages          enabled true,         color red,         icon mail       , users          enabled true,         color green,         icon person                 codepre  pThere is a lot of arguments there within the widgets object that I end up repeating numerous times within my code once for each route. I was wondering if there is a way to pass args to the next route.p
Negative 63 pHow to use codetoLowerCasecode with codefiltercode in jqueryp  pHere is the dropdown that I havep  precodeltselect iddrpParty namedrpParty dataplaceholderChoose Party.... required classchznselect span8 rowfluidgt    ltoption value1 selected disabledgtChose Customerltoptiongt    ltoption value1gtParty Ahmedltoptiongt    ltoption value2gtParty Ahmedltoptiongt    ltoption value3gtUkraineltoptiongt    ltoption value5gtAmericaltoptiongt    ltoption value6gtIndonesialtoptiongt    ltoption value8gtwheereltoptiongt    ltoption value9gtnew partyltoptiongt    ltoption value10gtNwe Paryltoptiongt    ltoption value11gtLatest party ltoptiongt    ltoption value12gtshaltoptiongt    ltoption value13gtshajltoptiongt    ltoption value14gtMy new party without salesman infoltoptiongt    ltoption value15gttesting the latest party with hierarchyltoptiongt    ltoption value16gttesting the valueltoptiongt    ltoption value17gtKamran Ahmedltoptiongt    ltoption value18gtTesting a new partyltoptiongt    ltoption value19gtSaleltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pAnd I want to fetch the option that has Sale as its text. I am using the following and it works perfectly that the codeoptioncode is being foundp  precodevar lookup  Sale var elemdrpParty optioncontains lookup .filterfunction      return this.text  lookup   console.logelem.val codepre  pNow the text codeSalecode may not necessarily be in this case inside the drop down i.e. it may be all upper case or all lower case, so I am trying this i.e. making the text of the codeoptioncode lower case and then comparing it with the codelookupcodep  precodevar lookup  sale var elemdrpParty optioncontains lookup .filterfunction      return this.text.toLowerCase  lookup   console.logelem.val codepre  pBut it doesnt work then i.e. the codeoptioncode is not fetched. What am I doing wrong with the comparison that it doesnt return this element in this casep  pstrongFiddle herestrong a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net7xK82 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net7xK82ap
Negative 63 pI use autoconfautomakelibtool to build a shared library. I want to pass major number of library version to shared library soname.p  pI have the following declaration in configure.acp  precodeACINIT[libabc], [1.1.0] codepre  pAnd the following Makefile.amp  precodeAMCPPFLAGS               Itopsrcdirinclude Wall Wextra LDADD                     libabc.la  libLTLIBRARIES           libabc.la nodistlibabclaSOURCES  topsrcdirconfig.h libabclaSOURCES         topsrcdirsrcabc.c codepre  pI am fine to have same version for configure script, sources and shared library soname. I can use VERSION or PACKAGEVERSION defined in autogenerated config.h in sources, but this does not affect soname, which is always libabc.so.0.p  pIs there a way to enforce libtool to use my major version from ACINIT directive If not, what is the preferred way to define majorminor numberp
Negative 63 pI have the following webclient code,p  precodepublic static void PostDataAsyncstring url, NameValueCollection parameters, object state, Actionltobject, UploadValuesCompletedEventArgsgt callback      var client  new WebClient     client.Headers[HttpRequestHeader.ContentType]  applicationxwwwformurlencoded     client.UploadValuesCompleted  new UploadValuesCompletedEventHandlercallback     client.UploadValuesAsyncnew Uriurl, null, parameters, state  codepre  pI want to convert this into Task. I am trying to do this with Task.Factory.FromAsync but failedp
Negative 63 pI have a form that asks for a password and I want to validate if the password has at least eight characters, and of these eight characters at least two must be numbers and two must be letters in any order. Im trying with thisp  precode    function validatePasswordvoid                  var passValString  pass.text             ifvalidPasspassVal                               tracePassword Ok                  sendForm                          else                               traceYou have entered an invalid password                          function validPasspassValStringBoolean                  var pwRegExp  .8,[AZaz]2,[09]2,                  returnpw.testpassVal                     codepre  pBut it doesnt work. What Im doing wrongp  pAny help would be really appreciatedp
Negative 63 pWhen I am writing scrapers, I always use excellent XPath querying language to extract data from HTML or XML.p  pOften I am working with dynamic HTML, and have a need to extract some variables from Javascript code, so I am compelled to write ugly regexps to do that.p  pI am looking for some better way to do this, without involving any heavyweight Javascript interpretators like PhantomJS.p  pI know, that where is a lot of tools, which is parsing syntax into XML or JSON files, and looking for something like, that is usable for parsing JS syntax.p
Negative 63 pI have been doing objectivec for a little while now but I never found this kind of construction, could someone tell me what exactly is going on on this linep  precodestatic void MRProgressOverlayViewObservationContext  ampMRProgressOverlayViewObservationContext codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to implement fetch user data example give on developers.facebook.com It works fine on Emulator and displayes data in logcat but when i try it in real device it doesnt open screen for login thats why it directly writes message to Logcat Logged out I guess that means state is closed  following is the codep  pprivate void onSessionStateChangeSession session, SessionState state, Exception exception p  precodeif state.isOpened             Log.iTAG, Logged in...         userInfoTextView.setVisibilityView.VISIBLE          Request.newMeRequestsession, new Request.GraphUserCallback                  callback after Graph API response with user object           Override           public void onCompletedGraphUser user, Response response         if user  null                   Display the parsed user info                 buildUserInfoDisplayuser                 Log.dTAG,Data Displayed                                 .executeAsync       else if state.isClosed          Log.iTAG, Logged out...         userInfoTextView.setVisibilityView.INVISIBLE        Override public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater,          ViewGroup container,          Bundle savedInstanceState      View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.fblogin, container, false     LoginButton authButton  LoginButton view.findViewByIdR.id.authButton     authButton.setFragmentthis     authButton.setReadPermissionsArrays.asListuserlikes, userstatus,userlocation,email,userbirthday     Log.dTAG,onCreateview      userInfoTextView  TextView view.findViewByIdR.id.userInfoTextView      return view    private Session.StatusCallback callback  new Session.StatusCallback      Override     public void callSession session, SessionState state, Exception exception          onSessionStateChangesession, state, exception        Override public void onResume      super.onResume      For scenarios where the main activity is launched and user      session is not null, the session state change notification      may not be triggered. Trigger it if its openclosed.     Session session  Session.getActiveSession     if session  null ampamp            session.isOpened  session.isClosed           onSessionStateChangesession, session.getState, null           uiHelper.onResume   Override public void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data      super.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data     uiHelper.onActivityResultrequestCode, resultCode, data   Override public void onPause      super.onPause     uiHelper.onPause   Override public void onDestroy      super.onDestroy     uiHelper.onDestroy   Override public void onSaveInstanceStateBundle outState      super.onSaveInstanceStateoutState     uiHelper.onSaveInstanceStateoutState   private void buildUserInfoDisplayGraphUser user      ifuser.getLocationnull     userInfo.appendString.formatID snn,              user.getLocation          Log.dTAG Location,user.getLocation.toString      MapltString, Stringgt map     map  new HashMapltString, Stringgt      try          map.putID, user.getId.toString         map.putemail, user.getPropertyemail.toString         map.putrel status, user.getPropertyrelationshipstatus                 .toString         map.putname, user.getName.toString           requires userbirthday permission         map.putbirthday, user.getBirthday.toString         map.putgender, user.getPropertygender.toString      catch Exception e           TODO handle exception         e.printStackTrace         Log.dTAG,Info is map       codepre  pI have facebook app installed in device but it doesnt initiate login from that app also. do I have to add something different in order to get webview or login screen for login.p  pNote that this code works in emulator Thanks for the helpp
Negative 63 pI have a menu.xml file with three button..but the buttons are not comming at the top of the actionbar.They are comming at the bottom Any body has any idea for that..I m sharing my main.xml filep  precodeltmenu xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt      ltitem         androidididactioncontact         androidicondrawableicactionuser         androidshowAsActionifRoom         androidtitlestringactioncontactgt     ltitem         androidididaddtask         androidicondrawableiclauncher         androidshowAsActionifRoom         androidtitlestringaddtaskgt     ltitem         androidididactionmenu         androidicondrawableicactionuser         androidshowAsActionifRoom         androidtitlestringactionmenugt         ltmenugt             ltitem                 androidididgray                 androidtitlestringgraygt             ltitem                 androidididgreen                 androidtitlestringgreengt             ltitem                 androidididred                 androidtitlestringredgt             ltitem                 androidididorange                 androidtitlestringorangegt             ltitem                 androidididblue                 androidtitlestringbluegt             ltitem                 androidididpurple                 androidtitlestringdarkbluegt         ltmenugt     ltitemgt  ltmenugt codepre  pIn the mainActivity I have override the option menu asp  precodeOverride     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu          getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu         return true      codepre
Negative 63 pcodeNSArchivercode is deprecated since OS X 10.2, and is not available AFAIK on iOSp  pOn the other hand, codeNSKeyedArchivercode is known to be lacking on the speed amp conciseness part a hrefhttpwww.cocoabuilder.comarchivecocoa145404nskeyedarchiveralternativesforspeedimprovements.html relnofollowsome usersa report more than 100 times performance difference between codeNSKeyedArchivercode and codeNSArchivercode. The objects I want to archive are mainly codeNSObjectcode subclasses containing codeNSMutableArraycode of codeNSNumbercode, and objects containing primitive types mainly codedoublecode. I am not convinced the overhead keyed archiving implies is worth it. p  pSo I decided to subclass codeNSCodercode on iOS to create a serial coder, in the style of codeNSArchivercode.p  pI understand where keyed archives might come in handy  backward forward compatibility and other niceties, and it probably is what I will end up using, but Id be curious to know what kind of performances I could get with serial archiving. And frankly, I think I could learn a lot of things by doing this. So I am emnotem interested in an alternative solutionp  pIve been inspired by the sources of a hrefhttpscode.google.compcocotronsourcebrowseFoundationNSArchiver.m relnofollowCocotrona, providing an open source codeNSArchivercodep  pstrongTLDRstrong  I want to subclass codeNSCodercode to rebuild codeNSArchivercodep  hr  pI am using ARC, compiling for iOS 6 amp 7, and assuming 32bit system for now.p  pI am not interested in referencing objects or strings for now, I am only using a codeNSHashTablecode codeweakObjectsHashTablecode to prevent classes names to be duplicated  classes will be described the first time they are encountered, and then referred to by reference. p  pI am using a codeNSMutableDatacode to build the archive  p  precodeinterface Archiver      NSMutableData data     void bytes     sizet position     NSHashTable classes  end codepre  pThe basic methods are p  precodevoidexpandBufferNSUIntegerlength      [data increaseLengthBylength]     bytes  data.mutableBytes   voidappendBytesconst void data lengthNSUIntegerlength      [self expandBufferlength]     memcpybytesposition, data, length     position  length  codepre  pI am using codeappendByteslengthcode to dump primitive types such as  codeintcode, codecharcode, codefloatcode, codedoublecode ... etc. Nothing interesting there.p  pCstyle strings are dumped using this equally uninteresting method p  precodevoidappendCStringconst charcString      NSUInteger length  strlencString     [self appendBytescString lengthlength1]   codepre  pAnd finally, archiving class information and objects p  precodevoidappendReferenceidreference      [self appendBytesampreference length4]   voidappendClassClassclass       NSObject class is always represented by nil by convention      if class  [NSObject class]          [self appendReferencenil]         return            Append reference to class     [self appendReferenceclass]       And append class name if this is the first time it is encountered     if [classes containsObjectclass]              [classes addObjectclass]         [self appendCString[NSStringFromClassclass cStringUsingEncodingNSASCIIStringEncoding]]        voidappendObjectconst idobject       References are saved      Although we dont handle relationships between objects yet we could do it the exact same way we do for classes      at least it is useful to determine whether object was nil or not     [self appendReferenceobject]      if objectnil         return      [self appendClass[object classForCoder]]     [object encodeWithCoderself]   codepre  pThe codeencodeWithCodercode methods of my objects all look like that, nothing fancy p  precode[aCoder encodeValueOfObjCTypeencodedouble atampsomeDoubleMember] [aCoder encodeObjectsomeCustomClassInstanceMember] [aCoder encodeObjectsomeMutableArrayMember] codepre  hr  pDecoding goes pretty much the same way  The unarchiver holds a codeNSMapTablecode of classes it already knows and looks for the name of classes reference it does not know.p  precodeinterface Unarchiver      NSData data     const void bytes     NSMapTable classes   end codepre  pI wont bore you with the specifics of p  precodevoidextractBytesTovoiddata lengthNSUIntegerlength codepre  pand p  precodecharextractCString codepre  pThe interesting stuff is probably in the object decoding code p  precodeidextractReference      id reference     [self extractBytesToampreference length4]     return reference    ClassextractClass        Lookup class reference     id classReference  [self extractReference]       NSObject is always nil     if classReferencenil         return [NSObject class]       Do we already know that one      if [classes objectForKeyclassReference]               If not, then the name should follow          char classCName  [self extractCString]         NSString className  [NSString stringWithCStringclassCName encodingNSASCIIStringEncoding]         freeclassCName          Class class  NSClassFromStringclassName          [classes setObjectclass forKeyclassReference]           return [classes objectForKeyclassReference]    idextractObject      id objectReference  [self extractReference]      if objectReference              return nil           Class objectClass  [self extractClass]     id object  [[objectClass alloc] initWithCoderself]      return object   codepre  pAnd finally, the central method I would not be surprised if the problem is somewhere herep  precodevoiddecodeValueOfObjCTypeconst char type atvoid data        switchtype          snip, snip          case              id strong  data  [self extractObject]             break       codepre  pThe codeinitWithCodercode method corresponding to the previous snippet of codeencodeWithCodercode would go something like thatp  precodeif self  [super init]       Order is important     [aDecoder decodeValueOfObjCTypeencodedouble atamp someDoubleMember]     someCustomClassInstanceMember  [aDecoder decodeObject]     someMutableArrayMember  [aDecoder decodeObject]   return self codepre  pMy codedecodeObjectcode implementation is exactly codeextractObjectcode.p  pNow, all this should work nice and well. And as a matter of fact I am able to archiveunarchive some of my objects. The archives look fine, to the extent that I am willing to inspect them in an hex editor, and I am able to unarchive some of my custom classes containing codeNSMutableArraycodes of some other class containing codedoublecodes.p  hr  pBut for some reason, if I try to unarchive one of my object containing a codeNSMutableArraycode of codeNSNumbercode, I run into this problem p  precodemalloc  error for object 0xc112cc pointer being freed was not allocated codepre  pThere seems to be one line per codeNSNumbercode in the array, and the address code0xc112cccode is the same for every line. Putting a breakpoint in codemallocerrorbreakcode tells me the errors is from code[NSPlaceholderNumber initWithCoder]code called from my codeextractObjectcode method.p  pIs that a problem linked to my usage of ARC  What am I missing p
Negative 63 pLets say I have the following codep  pstrongJSstrongp  precode.remove.buttondestroy codepre  pIf I were to run this before .button is called, I get an error in the console like the following p  pcodeError cannot call methods on button prior to initialization attempted to call method destroycode p  pHow can I check to see if a button was actually created before attempting to destroy itp
Negative 63 ptldr State restoration process appears to be happening, but the stack nonroot view controllers are not ending up in the app after restoration completes.p  pIm trying to implement state restoration in an app, which doesnt use any .nibs or storyboards. Its a fairly basic structure the windows coderootViewControllercode is a codeUINavigationControllercode whose own coderootViewControllercode and all other child view controllers are codeUITableViewControllerscode eg, Window  Nav Ctrl  Table View Ctrl  Table View Ctrl  etc. None of the view controllers are ever repeated ie each item on the stack is a distinct codeUITableViewControllercode subclassp  pAs I have no view controllers being created with storyboards, I have the designated initializer for each view controller class setting the coderestorationIdentifiercode and coderestorationClasscode.p  pWhen the app is being restored, I am seeing decoding happening for each view controller that was present when the app went into the background eg, the nav controller, the podcast list controller, and the podcast detail controller, but the end result of the restoration is always the navigation controller showing up with its normal root view controller the podcast list controller.p  pThe problem seems very similar a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions19218235whydoesntmyappreturntomydetailviewwhenitsrestoredto this questiona, but I am definitely calling codesupercode in the codeencodecode and codedecodeRestorableStateWithCodercode methods on my view controllers when present, so that solution doesnt help me.p  pI have watched the WWDC videos and gone through many tutorials, and while I seem to be hitting all the requirements, something is not working the way it should be.p  pThe only thing I can think is happening is the restoration is happening, but my default initialization code is replacing the restored navigation view controller stack with a fresh one that only includes the root. According to the WWDC video, the window and root view controller should be set up normally prior to state restoration, and that shouldnt impact the final app state emafterem restoration.p  pI guess the one question mark for me is what should actually be happening in the codeviewControllerWithRestorationIdentifierPathcode method of my codeUINavigationControllercode. Should the coderootViewControllercode be set as I am doing And if not, what else would happen I couldnt actually find any working example code where a navigation controller was being restored and it wasnt created from a nib or storyboard. Other than that Im stumped.p  h1Implementation codeh1  h3FLAppDelegate.mh3  precode pragma mark  UIApplicationDelegate  pragma mark Monitoring App State Changes   BOOLapplicationUIApplication application willFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions      Window and root VC set up in window getter   [self.window makeKeyAndVisible]    return YES    pragma mark Managing App State Restoration   BOOLapplicationUIApplication application shouldSaveApplicationStateNSCoder coder    return YES    BOOLapplicationUIApplication application shouldRestoreApplicationStateNSCoder coder    return YES   pragma mark Providing a Window for Storyboarding   UIWindow window    if window      window  [[UIWindow alloc] initWithFrameUIScreen.mainScreen.bounds]     window.rootViewController  self.navigationController       return window    FLNavigationController navigationController    if navigationController      FLPodcastTableViewController podcastViewController  [[FLPodcastTableViewController alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewStylePlain]     navigationController  [[FLNavigationController alloc] initWithRootViewControllerpodcastViewController]       return navigationController  codepre  h3FLNavigationController.mh3  precode idinitWithRootViewControllerUIViewController rootViewController    self  [super initWithRootViewControllerrootViewController]   if self      self.restorationIdentifier  FLNavigationController     self.restorationClass  self.class      return self   pragma mark  UIViewControllerRestoration   UIViewController viewControllerWithRestorationIdentifierPathNSArray identifierComponents coderNSCoder coder    FLPodcastTableViewController podcastViewController  [[FLPodcastTableViewController alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewStylePlain]   return [[self alloc] initWithRootViewControllerpodcastViewController]  codepre  h3FLPodcastTableViewController.mh3  precode idinitWithStyleUITableViewStylestyle    self  [super initWithStylestyle]   if self      [self.tableView registerClassFLPodcastTableViewCell.class forCellReuseIdentifierFLPodcastTableViewCellIdentifier]      self.restorationIdentifier  FLPodcastTableViewController     self.restorationClass  self.class      return self   pragma mark  UIViewControllerRestoration   UIViewController viewControllerWithRestorationIdentifierPathNSArray identifierComponents coderNSCoder coder    return [[self alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewStylePlain]  codepre  h3FLPodcastEpisodeTableViewController.mh3  precode idinitWithPodcastFLPodcast podcast    self  [self initWithStyleUITableViewStylePlain]   if self      self.podcast  podcast      self.restorationIdentifier  FLPodcastEpisodeTableViewController     self.restorationClass  self.class      [self.tableView registerClassFLPodcastEpisodeTableViewCell.class forCellReuseIdentifierFLPodcastEpisodeTableViewCellIdentifier]      return self   pragma mark  UIViewControllerRestoration   UIViewController viewControllerWithRestorationIdentifierPathNSArray identifierComponents coderNSCoder coder    FLPodcastEpisodeTableViewController viewController  nil    NSString podcastURI  [coder decodeObjectForKeykPodcastURLKey]   NSURL podcastURL  [NSURL URLWithStringpodcastURI]    FLPodcast podcast  [FLPodcast podcastWithURLpodcastURL]    if podcast      viewController  [[self alloc] initWithPodcastpodcast]       return viewController    voidencodeRestorableStateWithCoderNSCoder coder    [coder encodeObjectself.podcast.feedURL.absoluteString forKeykPodcastURLKey]    [super encodeRestorableStateWithCodercoder]    voiddecodeRestorableStateWithCoderNSCoder coder    [super decodeRestorableStateWithCodercoder]  codepre
Negative 63 pI built a photography website for a client of myne here p  pa hrefhttplorenzo.dentasignclients.com relnofollowhttplorenzo.dentasignclients.coma p  pAs you can see the design has a fixed header thats consistent on all the pages. p  pRight now, when you browse through pages, the header logo, alongside the header background image flashes slightly. p  pWithout transforming the site into Ajax, is there a way to make it appear as though the header is being persistent as the user moves through pages I think the effect would be cool, but isnt necessarily turning all post requests into ajax. p
Negative 63 pWhy this program giving compilation errorp  pproxy.cpp In member function void ProxyCarMoveCar proxy.cpp59 error int Driverage is private proxy.cpp81 error within this contextp  precodeclass Car      public         void MoveCar                          cout ltlt Car has been driven            class Driver      private          int age      public          int get  return age          void setint value  age  value          Driverint ageageage   class ProxyCar      private         Driver driver         Car realCar      public     ProxyCarDriver driver driverdriver, realCar new Car       void MoveCar              if driver.age lt 16           cout ltlt Sorry the driver is too young to drive         else             realCargtMoveCar        int main          Driver d16         ProxyCar pd         p.MoveCar         return 0  codepre  pI am trying to access the Driver object inside ProxyCar. This line is causing the error.  if driver.age lt 16p
Negative 63 pThe modal dialog for adding iCloud accounts on iOS 7 is shown below. Is this type of dialog a standard iOS component of some kind Specific elements of interest are the navigation bar and title on top that seem well integrated with the general iOS UI. Im obviously looking to avoid reinventing the wheel for my own generic login dialog.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comvbIfZ.png altiCloud login dialogp
Negative 63 pSo I am trying to write an android app to control audio volumes music, notifcations, media, etc. I wanted to detect whether or not the ringer and notification volumes were linked. The reason for this is so that the two seek bars could be moved together if they are linked. I am writing the app for android 4.1 as an FYI. I could not find any APIs that could help with that. Thanks everyone in advance. p
Negative 63 pIm still learning AngularJS, and have a question regarding their flavor of dependency injection.  For example purposes, say I have a codeDataProcessorcode service which has a codeprocessDatacode method that takes in a codeuricode parameter and it needs to read that data which may be xml, json, etc. and then perform some actions on it.  The codeDataProcessorcode constructor takes in an implementation of a codeDataReadercode interface that knows how to read a certain file type.  Here are some example services of what Im talking aboutp  precode implementations of the DataReader interface myApp.serviceXmlDataReader, function      this.readData  functionuri           read xml data from uri      ]  myApp.serviceJsonDataReader, function      this.readData  functionuri           read json data from uri      ]   data processing service that takes in an implementation of a DataReader myApp.serviceDataProcessor, [DataReader, functionDataReader       this.processData  functionuri          var readData  DataReader.readDatauri           process data and return it      ] codepre  pFrom a typical dependency injection perspective, a specific type of codeDataReadercode could be passed into the codeDataProcessorcode and used like sop  precodevar dataProcessor  new DataProcessornew JsonDataReader var processedData  dataProcessor.processDatadataz.json codepre  pWhat is the AngularJS way of doing thisp
Negative 63 pHow do you detect collision is sprite kit it needs to work with my already existing code as i have tried one method and it failed. The game currently has a missile that falls from the sky and the space ship has to dodge them, i want it so if they collide that you lose a life. Here is my codep  precodestatic const uint32t shipCategory   0x1 ltlt 1 static const uint32t obstacleCategory   0x1 ltlt 1  implementation MyScene  SKSpriteNode ship SKSpriteNode missile int score int HighScore SKAction actionMoveRight SKAction actionMoveLeft SKLabelNode label    idinitWithSizeCGSizesize  if self  [super initWithSizesize]      self.backgroundColor  [SKColor whiteColor]     [self addShip]      Making self delegate of physics World     self.physicsWorld.gravity  CGVectorMake0,0     self.physicsWorld.contactDelegate  self      score     score  5     label  [SKLabelNode labelNodeWithFontNamedChalkduster]     label.text  [NSString stringWithFormatd,score]     label.fontSize  40     label.fontColor  [SKColor blackColor]     label.position  CGPointMakeself.size.width2, self.size.height2     [self addChildlabel]      highscore      HighScore   [[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] integerForKeyHighScore]     label  [SKLabelNode labelNodeWithFontNamedChalkduster]     label.text  [NSString stringWithFormatd,HighScore]     label.fontSize  40     label.fontColor  [SKColor blackColor]     label.position  CGPointMakeself.size.width1, self.size.height2     [self addChildlabel]           return self     voidaddShip      initalizing spaceship node     ship  [SKSpriteNode spriteNodeWithImageNamedSpaceship]     [ship setScale0.5]     ship.zRotation   MPI  2      Adding SpriteKit physicsBody for collision detection     ship.physicsBody  [SKPhysicsBody bodyWithRectangleOfSizeship.size]     ship.physicsBody.categoryBitMask  shipCategory     ship.physicsBody.dynamic  YES     ship.physicsBody.contactTestBitMask  obstacleCategory     ship.physicsBody.collisionBitMask  0     ship.physicsBody.usesPreciseCollisionDetection  YES     ship.name  ship     ship.position  CGPointMake260,30     actionMoveRight  [SKAction moveByX30 y0 duration.2] actionMoveLeft  [SKAction moveByX30 y0 duration.2]      [self addChildship]    voidshootMissile   Sprite Kit knows that we are working with images so we dont need to pass the images                extension missile  [SKSpriteNode spriteNodeWithImageNamedredmissile] [missile setScale0.15]  Position the missile outside the top int r  arc4random  200 missile.position  CGPointMake20  r, self.size.height  missile.size.height2  Add the missile to the scene [self addChildmissile]   Here is the Magic  Run a sequence [missile runAction[SKAction sequence[                                          Move the missile and Specify the animation time                                         [SKAction moveByX0 yself.size.height  missile.size.height duration5],                                          When the missile is outside the bottom                                          The missile will disappear                                         [SKAction removeFromParent]                                         ]                     ]]    voidupdateWithTimeSinceLastUpdateCFTimeIntervaltimeSinceLast   self.lastSpawnTimeInterval  timeSinceLast if self.lastSpawnTimeInterval gt 5      self.lastSpawnTimeInterval  0     [self shootMissile]    voidupdateNSTimeIntervalcurrentTime   Handle time delta.  If we drop below 60fps, we still want everything to move the same distance. CFTimeInterval timeSinceLast  currentTime  self.lastUpdateTimeInterval self.lastUpdateTimeInterval  currentTime if timeSinceLast gt 1   more than a second since last update     timeSinceLast  1.0  60.0     self.lastUpdateTimeInterval  currentTime   [self updateWithTimeSinceLastUpdatetimeSinceLast]     voidtouchesBeganNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event  UITouch touch  [touches anyObject] CGPoint touchLocation  [touch locationInNodeself.scene] iftouchLocation.x gtship.position.x     ifship.position.x lt 270         [ship runActionactionMoveLeft]      else     ifship.position.x gt 50          [ship runActionactionMoveRight]          voiddidBeginContactSKPhysicsContact contact  SKPhysicsBody firstBody, secondBody if contact.bodyA.categoryBitMask lt contact.bodyB.categoryBitMask      firstBody  contact.bodyA     secondBody  contact.bodyB  else      firstBody  contact.bodyB     secondBody  contact.bodyA   if firstBody.categoryBitMask amp shipCategory  0 ampamp     secondBody.categoryBitMask amp obstacleCategory  0       score      if score gt HighScore          [[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] setObject[NSNumber numberWithIntscore] forKeyHighScore]         [[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] synchronize]         SKTransition reveal  [SKTransition flipHorizontalWithDuration0.5]         SKScene  gameOverScene  [[GameOverScene alloc] initWithSizeself.size]         [self.view presentScenegameOverScene transition reveal]              end codepre
Negative 63 pI have been looking far and wide for a stepbystep guide to setup iOS Test Automation using appium, with scripts in Java no ruby and  or cucumber. No luck so far. The appium wiki is not helpful either.p  pRavip
Negative 63 pstrongSummarystrongp  pI am receiving the following error when trying to call the relationshipp  blockquote   pObject of class IlluminateDatabaseEloquentRelationsBelongsToMany   could not be converted to stringp blockquote  pMy setup is very basic, and consists of two models, codeUsercode and codeRolecode. p  pstrongUser Model [User.php]strongp  precodeltphp use IlluminateAuthUserInterface  class User extends Eloquent implements UserInterface       protected table  users     protected hidden  arraypassword     protected fillable  arrayid, username, password       public function getAuthIdentifier          return thisgtgetKey           public function getAuthPassword          return thisgtpassword       codepre  pstrongRole Model [Role.php]strongp  precodeltphp class Role extends Eloquent       protected table  roles     protected fillable  array         id,                    code,         name           public function foo          return thisgtbelongsToManyUser, maproleuser, roleid, userid       codepre  pAnd finally Im calling the method codefoocode in the routes file, examplep  precodeRoutegetrole, function          return Rolefind1gtfoo        codepre
Negative 63 pplease check this example a hrefhttpwww.asp.netmvctutorialsgettingstartedwithaspnetmvc3csaddingamodel relnofollowhttpwww.asp.netmvctutorialsgettingstartedwithaspnetmvc3csaddingamodela and do tell me that where the DbContext class is from which MovieDbContext class has been copied. I cant find. this onep  precode public class MovieDBContext  DbContext       public DbSetltMoviegt Movies  get set     codepre  pand do tell me that what does DbSet means  what it do p
Negative 63 pSo I am trying to write a program which can collect certain information from different articles and combine them.  The step in which I am having trouble is extracting the article from the web page.p  pI was wondering whether you could provide any suggestions to java librariesmethods for extracting text from a web pagep  pI have also found this product a hrefhttpwww.diffbot.comproductsautomaticarticlehttpwww.diffbot.comproductsautomaticarticlea  and was wondering whether you think this is the way to go  If so can someone point me to a java implementation  cannot seem to find one although apparently it exists.p  pMany thanksp  pClarification  I am more looking for an algorithmlibrarymethod for detecting where where in an html dom tree a block of text that could be an article is located.  Like Safaris reader function. ps if you think this is much easier done in something like python just say  although my program has to run in Java as it should eventually run on a server using java framework I could try having it make use of python scripts  although would only do this if you advise that Python is the way to go.p
Negative 63 pI want to get every single comment that I wrote on facebook on mine and friends posts using graph api explorer or fql.p  pI used this fql but I dont get anythingp  precodeSELECT text FROM comment WHERE postid in SELECT postid FROM stream WHERE sourceid in SELECT uid1 FROM friend WHERE uid2meand fromidme codepre  pI also used this statement in graph explore, but it does not work as wellp  precodemefieldsfriends.fieldsfeed.limit60.fieldscomments.limit60.fieldsfrom codepre  pplease be specific in your answer.p
Negative 63 pI am having a view file edit.html.erbp  precode lt formforsearchphrase, remote true do f gt    lth4gt Keyword lth4gt    lt f.textfield keyword gtltbrgt    lt f.submit Add, class btn btnmedium btnprimary gt    lt render error gt  lt end gt codepre  pI am writing view rspec tests for it My test goes like this in edit.html.erbspec.rbp  precodedescribe searchphrasesedit.html.erb do   include DeviseTestHelpers   User.destroyall    before all do     user  User.findbynametestuser     user  begin     user  User.newemail testgmail.com,     encryptedpassword 2a10TIJrH0tmQ7VuDeBVBIYhJ......................,     provider facebook, uid 10000697585, name testuser,     fbtoken AUExuiUkFoBAEsYdxTfU1ONYanI55Sx5ThBTjo7qnKLiZ     user.save     user   end end  before  each do   User.stubfindforfacebookoauth.andreturnuser   signin user end  before all do   searchphrase  SearchPhrase.findbyuseriduser.id   searchphrase  begin     searchphrase SearchPhrase.newkeyword testkeyword,userid user.id never hard code     searchphrase.save     searchphrase   end end  it creates a form do     render     rendered.shouldreceiveformfor.with editsearchphrasepathsearchphrase      end end codepre  pBut the test fails giving an error p  precodesearchphrasesedit.html.erb creates a form      FailureError render      ActionViewTemplateError        undefined local variable or method searchphrase for ltltClass0x000000073080c0gt0x00000007371b38gt       .appviewssearchphrasesedit.html.erb1in appviewssearchphrasesedithtmlerb431536554754133668961378180       .specviewssearchphrasesedit.html.erbspec.rb45in block 2 levels in lttop requiredgt  Finished in 0.30383 seconds 1 example, 1 failure  Failed examples  rspec .specviewssearchphrasesedit.html.erbspec.rb44  searchphrasesedit.html.erb creates a form codepre  pWhat is creating problem here, I am unable to figure out that.p
Negative 63 pI have a page sessionconfig.php in that page I have following code p  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodesessionnamesessionsw sessionstart sessionID  sessionid codepre  pI have another page index.php in which I am including sessionconfig.php ,the code as follows.p  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeemail  REQUEST[email] pass  REQUEST[pass] error  0 ifemptyemail ampamp emptypass   url  SERVERswapis3rdpartylogin.phpadvertiserlogin1amppasspassampemailemail  resp  filegetcontentsurl it sends json encoded string.  resp  jsondecoderesp  if  respgtstatus  success        if  issetrespgtmesggtprofile  respgtmesggtprofile  0          error  1      else           include sessionconfig.php         SESSION[userid]  respgtmesggtuserid         SESSION[customerid]  respgtmesggtcustomerid         SESSION[customername]  respgtmesggtcustomername         SESSION[loggedinuseremail]  REQUEST[email]         SESSION[agencyname]  respgtmesggtagencyname         SESSION[profile]  respgtmesggtprofile         SESSION[metadata]  respgtmesggtmetadata         SESSION[showarchival]  respgtmesggtshowarchival         SESSION[showlive]  respgtmesggtshowlive         SESSION[showsov]  respgtmesggtshowsov         SESSION[sessionID][sessionname]  surewavesagencyview          headerLocation reach.phpexit       else      error  1   gt codepre  p Here I am able fetch the correct data in resp variable and also it is redirecting to reach.php In reach.php , i have following code p  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeltphp     include sessionconfig.php     echo ltpregt     printrSESSIONexit gt codepre  pBut in reach.php when I am fetching the session variables  the session array is showing completely empty like this Array . WHY I am using memcache for it and we are using ubuntu. In My php.ini i have included following code..p  pre classlangini prettyprintoverridecodeextension  memcache.so session.savehandler  memcache session.savepath  httplocalhost11211 codepre  pI have also tried with tcp localhost11211 but nothing worked.p
Negative 63 pi was wondering what is best approach in creating indefinite loop in android programming keeping in mind performance something like for, AsyncTask or whiletrue.... Cheers.p
Negative 63 pLooking to properly url encode xmldata via http post with Ruby I tried different variations of URIencodexml, and xml.URI.encodewwwform with no luck on the below ContentLength code. However puts URIencodexml works fine after the fact but I need to send the urlencoded xml data within the http post body for it to work properly.p  precode Server connection uri  URI.parseurl req  NetHTTP.newuri.hostname, uri.port   Start test puts nnStarting test on urln   URL encoded SAML POST SAMLResponse     ltsamlpResponse     xmlnssamlpurnoasisnamestcSAML2.0protocol     xmlnssamlurnoasisnamestcSAML2.0assertion     xmlnsxshttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchema     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     IDidentifier2     Version2.0     IssueInstantinstant     Destinationhttplocalhost80gt     ltsamlIssuergthttplocalhost80Issuergt     ltsamlpStatusgt       ltsamlpStatusCode         ValueurnoasisnamestcSAML2.0statusSuccessgt     ltsamlpStatusgt  ltsamlAssertion     IDee4432    Version6.0    IssueInstantinstantgt    ltsamlIssuergthttplocalhost80Issuergt     ltsamlSubjectgt      ltsamlNameID FormaturnoasisnamestcSAML1.1nameid      vformatunspecifiedgttestuserltsamlNameIDgt      ltsamlSubjectConfirmation     ltsamlAttributeStatementgt  ltsamlAssertiongt ltsamlpResponsegt              HTTP POST  URL Encoded res  req.post   uri.path,    SAMLResponse,         ContentType   gt textxml,      ContentLength gt SAMLResponse.length.tos,    ContentLength gt URIencodeSAMLResponse,  not working   ContentLength gt SAMLResponse.URI.encodewwwform,  not working     Connection     gt keepalive       puts res.body  uncomment once url encoding works puts SAMLResponse codepre
Negative 63 pIm working on a game with SpriteKit. Im drawing a shape with SKShapeNode. Now I want to animate its colour change but the SKActions is not working for SKShapeNode. Is there any way to do this or I have to use a different approachp  pThank you.p  pEDITp  pThanks to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comusers201863learncocos2dLearnCocos2Da I was able to come up with this quick and totally not perfect solution.p  precode    int groundChangeInterval  5     SKColor originalColor  [SKColor colorWithRed0.92 green0.87 blue0.38 alpha1.0]     SKColor finalColor  [SKColor colorWithRed0.29 green0.89 blue0.31 alpha1.0]      CGFloat red1  0.0, green1  0.0, blue1  0.0, alpha1  0.0     [originalColor getRedampred1 greenampgreen1 blueampblue1 alphaampalpha1]      CGFloat red2  0.0, green2  0.0, blue2  0.0, alpha2  0.0     [finalColor getRedampred2 greenampgreen2 blueampblue2 alphaampalpha2]      SKAction changeGroundColor  [SKAction customActionWithDurationgroundChangeInterval actionBlockSKNode node, CGFloat elapsedTime          CGFloat step  elapsedTimegroundChangeInterval          CGFloat red3  0.0, green3  0.0, blue3  0.0         red3  red1red1red2step         green3  green1green1green2step         blue3  blue1blue1blue2step          [SKShapeNodenode setFillColor[SKColor colorWithRedred3 greengreen3 blueblue3 alpha1.0]]         [SKShapeNodenode setStrokeColor[SKColor colorWithRedred3 greengreen3 blueblue3 alpha1.0]]     ] codepre  pI only needed to fade two specific colours so it is not a universal solution but it is enough for now.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pi have a script to  1 count the number of filefolder inside a folder passed as argument 2 if there is only one file in it then move this file into parent folder then delete the initial folderp  precodeex start folderfolder1file1       folder2file21               file22  final folderfile1 folderfolder2file21 untouched there is more than one unique file               file22 untouched there is more than one unique file codepre  pthe codep  precodeecho off  setLocal ENABLEDELAYEDEXPANSION SET sourcefile1 echo source file  sourcefile set N REM ok for f tokens delims  a in dirb sourcefile do  set a N1 echo DETECTEDa REM echo   echo Number DETECTEDN   if N gtr 1 goto end Moving echo. echo  MOVING REM unable to get the result of the precedent for loop for f tokens delims  a in dirb sourcefile do  rem ok echo nativea rem STRANGE the last folder is missing  echo fully qualified path namefa rem STRANGE the last folder is missing  echo expands to a drive letter and path onlydpa rem ok echo expands to a file extension onlyxa  if not xa        echo this is a file     REM MOVE fa ..     REM RD dpa    else  echo this is a folder ...going out    goto end2 end echo nothing to do...going out end2 pause codepre  pThe first part works well if there is one element  go ahead  the second part give strange results folder is on the desktop The dos windowp  precodesource file  CUsersapDesktopFolder                         ltOK DETECTEDfile1.txt                                               ltOK Number DETECTED1                                                ltok   MOVING nativefile1.txt fully qualified path nameCUsersapDesktopfile1.txt          ltSTRANGE does NOT exist expands to a drive letter and path onlyCUsersapDesktop     ltSTRANGE Folder MISSING expands to a file extension only.txt                            ltOK this is a file                                                   ltOK codepre  pSo the moving itsefl does not work Why  What do i miss p
Negative 63 pI am using Jersey 2.5.1 as jaxrs implementation and I use Moxy as JSON serialiser. I configured Jersey to print validation errors to output in web.xml.p  precodeltinitparamgt     ltparamnamegtjersey.config.beanValidation.enableOutputValidationErrorEntity.serverltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegttrueltparamvaluegt ltinitparamgt codepre  pThat works fine as validation errors are returned in plain text textplain. The problem is that I would like to get validation error messages in JSON format and according to a hrefhttpsjersey.java.netdocumentationlatestbeanvalidation.htmlbv.ValidationError relnofollowJersey documentationa in order to do this a JSON provider must be configured to this. As far as I know it Moxy is configured as a JSON provider when its dependencies are attached to classpath. Unfortunately my validation errors are not returned in JSON applicationjson format. What can be wrong. Do I have to configure extra bitsp  pP.s. when I debug ValidationExceptionMapper following code returns Variant object with media type textplain p  precodeif property  null ampamp Boolean.valueOfproperty.toString              final ListltVariantgt variants  Variant.mediaTypes                     MediaType.TEXTPLAINTYPE,                     MediaType.TEXTHTMLTYPE,                     MediaType.APPLICATIONXMLTYPE,                     MediaType.APPLICATIONJSONTYPE.build             final Variant variant  request.get.selectVariantvariants             if variant  null                  response.typevariant.getMediaType              else                    default media type which will be used only when none media type from value variants is in accept                  header of original request.                  could be settable by configuration property.                 response.typeMediaType.TEXTPLAINTYPE                          response.entity                     new GenericEntityltListltValidationErrorgtgt                             ValidationHelper.constraintViolationToValidationErrorscve,                             new GenericTypeltListltValidationErrorgtgt .getType                                            codepre
Negative 63 pSo I have a custom WF control with some shapes and text in it. Those objects tend to move frequently. Since nothing like this.DoubleBuffered  true or WSEXCOMPOSITED works at least for me to get rid of flickering, I managed to create a very simple double buffering myself. The problem is that rendering is VERY slow. Its fast enough only on small resolution.p  pIt works like this    p  precode    Graphics g     Bitmap buffer      public SomeControl              InitializeComponent         buffer  new Bitmapthis.Width, this.Height         g  Graphics.FromImagebuffer           protected override void OnPaintPaintEventArgs e              base.OnPainte         g.ClearBackColor         some painting with g         e.Graphics.DrawImageUnscaledbuffer, Point.Empty           protected override void OnResizeEventArgs e              base.OnResizee         buffer  new Bitmapthis.Width, this.Height         g  Graphics.FromImagebuffer           void Repaint              this.InvokePaintthis, new PaintEventArgsthis.CreateGraphics, this.ClientRectangle           protected override void OnMouseMoveMouseEventArgs e              Move something around         Repaint      codepre  pIf I dont draw it with g but with e.Graphics instead, its fast enough but it flickers. So, is there a faster way to do double buffering with WF controls Thanksp  pAlso sorry if my english is badp
Negative 63 pstrongHere is my script codestrong  p  precodedocument.onclick, checkAll, function       var isSelected  false     var i  0     domainpopupgrid table tr.eachfunction           if this.findinput[idChecked].length gt 0              for i  0 i lt this.findinput[idChecked].length i                  if this.findinput[idChecked][i].checked  false                      isSelected  true                                                 if isSelected  true          domainpopupgrid tbody inputcheckbox.attrchecked,       else          domainpopupgrid tbody inputcheckbox.attrchecked, this.checked       codepre  pstrongThis is my viewstrong  p  precodeusing Html.BeginFormManageGroups, Admin  Html.GridModel.Columnscolumns gt  columns.Addm gt m.TagId .Titledltinput idcheckAll, typecheckbox gt .Sanitizedfalse .Encodedfalse .RenderValueAsd gt Html.CheckBoxChecked, false columns.Addalarm gt alarm.GroupName.TitledGroups.Sortabletrue .Sortabletrue     ltbutton idSaveGroup classbtn btnprimary pullright imgresponsive gt Save ltbuttongt  codepre  pBy using above code I can able to checkall checkbox once only not able to repeat again and again.br can any help to resolve.  p
Negative 63 pI am trying to convert html to pdf using wkhtmltopdf but I am getting some funny output. When I am using through command prompt, the fonts are coming correctly but I am trying to execute that command in php using system, shellexec and exec, its not taking correct font. What can be the issue One more thing I want to do is that I want to cut the pdf from the top of 20px something then make the pdf. Please help me if its possible to get by using wkhtmltopdf. I have tried many other converters which converts html to pdf but only wkhtmltopdf is giving the correct output. So please help me in only wkhtmltopdf. I can give you the link so that you can first try yourself first before reply.p  pMy php script is the following, tell me if you can modify here itself.  p  precodeurl  httpraindrops.inainvvyview527a727a4251df44558b4567  blah  shellexecxvfbrun a s screen 0 1024x768x30 wkhtmltopdf B 0 L 0 R 0 T 0  pageheight 1147.8px pagewidth 1800px dpi 300 encoding utf8 .url. tmptest.pdf a  filegetcontentstmptest.pdf unlinktmptest.pdf headerContentType applicationpdf headerCacheControl public, mustrevalidate, maxage0  HTTP1.1 headerPragma public headerExpires Sat, 26 Jul 1997 050000 GMT  Date in the past headerLastModified .gmdateD, d M Y His. GMT headerContentLength .strlena headerContentDisposition inline filenametmptest.pdf echo a diea gt codepre
Negative 63 precodeltFlipView NameflipView             AutomationProperties.AutomationIdItemsFlipView             AutomationProperties.NameItem Details             TabIndex1             Grid.Row1             ItemsSourceBinding StyleStaticResource FlipViewStyle1gt             ltTextBlock NameanswerT TextBinding questiongt             ltFlipView.ItemContainerStylegt                 ltStyle TargetTypeFlipViewItemgt                     ltSetter PropertyMargin Value0,137,0,0gt                 ltStylegt             ltFlipView.ItemContainerStylegt             ltFlipView.ItemTemplategt                 ltDataTemplategt                     ltTextBlock xNameflipTxt TextBinding questiongt                 ltDataTemplategt             ltFlipView.ItemTemplategt ltFlipViewgt codepre  pI have the above FlipView in XAML defined. I want to get the information that i have in the flipTxt TextBlock in a string in C.p  pTried with VisualTreeHelper but i cant seem to understand exactly how it works.p  pAs well, tried to create another textblock answerT that would read the same info and get the text from that one. Didnt work either.p  pThanksp  pLE This is how i did the binding, i get the data from MobileService.p  precodeprivate IMobileServiceTableltmyObjgt objtb  App.MobileService.GetTableltmyObjgt private ObservableCollectionltmyObjgt objit   var res await objtb.ToListAsync objit  new ObservableCollectionltmyObjres flipView.ItemsSource  objit codepre
Negative 63 pI have a table cell containing an inputp  precodeltbodygt   lttablegt     lttrgt       lttdgtltinput typesubmit classsubmitbutton valuegtlttdgt     lttrgt   lttablegt   ltbodygt codepre  pThat input is styled to have a height of 20 pixelsp  precodetable    borderspacing 0   bordercollapse collapse   td    padding 0   .submitbutton    width 19px   height 20px   border 0px   outline none   margin0  codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netVhhPf2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netVhhPf2ap  pWhen I use firefox and look in the layout tab, I can see that the input is having height 20, but the td is for some reason having the height 21. In chrome, the td will get the height 24.p  pWhyp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comenUtQ.png altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1amob.png altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.coml5dha.png altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comr5kV3.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pIs it possible in MySQL to get the node names in an XML p  pI use the following in a stored procedure to iterate nodes of an XML, but with this I can only get the values, not the node names p  precodeDECLARE i INT DEFAULT 1 DECLARE nrows INT DEFAULT 1 DECLARE rownum INT DEFAULT 1 DECLARE vTag VARCHAR100 DEFAULT  DECLARE returnvalue TEXT DEFAULT   DECLARE paramXML TEXT DEFAULT ltfieldsgtltagt1ltagtltbgt2ltbgtltcgt3ltcgtltfieldsgt  SET nrows  ExtractValueparamXML, countfields SET rownum  1  WHILE rownum lt nrows DO   SET vTag ExtractValueparamXML, fields[rownum]      SET returnvalueCONCATreturnvalue, vTag,     SET rownum  rownum  1 END WHILE  SELECT returnvalue codepre
Negative 63 pThis script is supposed to take the users input in an HTML form and use AJAX to write that input to a text file via PHP. When I run this code, however, I get two alerts, first error then complete form the .fail and .always functions in AJAX which leads me to believe that the problem is in the information being sent back by PHP. p  precodeltphp  fileHandle  fopenemailList.txt, a OR die Cant open filen emailPOST[email] vardumpemail result  fwrite fileHandle, email n fclosefileHandle echo result error  result die gt codepre  pWhere email is the name of the text input of the form. p  pBut in case the PHP is correct, Ill put the HTML and javascript here as well p  precodeltformgt     ltinput typetext nameemail value classemailSubmitSidebar placeholder Your Emailgt     ltinput typesubmit valueAdd classsubmitButton idsubscribeButtongt ltformgt  ltscriptgt     document.readyfunction          var input  .emailSubmitSidebar.val         var subscribeButton  subscribeButton          subscribeButton.clickfunction              .ajax                 url emailform.php,                 type POST,                 dataType text,                 data email input[nameemail].val,                          .donefunctiondata                  alertsuccess                          .failfunction                  alerterror                          .alwaysfunction                  alertcomplete                             ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a program that I wrote that goes through all of the files in a directory and looks for files with a flag and then inputs them into a different program. It works great, the only thing that I am trying to do now it put the script in one location on a box, and then have it know to look in the directory that I am currently in as the working directory. Currently all I do is mv the script into whatever directory I am working in and just call it from there, but that is tedious and requires me to constantly be cping the script. p  pI am just hoping there is a little more elegant way to do this Any help would be appreciated. p
Negative 63 pBasically I want to use BDDRSpec and cucumber to make a complete rails project.Is it possible and if yes is it good to make a project using outsidein Rails development  I will be doing it the way as it is given in  The RSpec Book . Thanks in advance .p  pI want to make a rails project. I am thinking of making it using Rspec and Cucumber. What I mean is using TDD. Writing tests and then passing it by writing the desired application code .p
Negative 63 pI am new in asp.net developer.p  pPopulated a asp.net grid view with the help of data table and my all columns are dynamic. Now i want to add a check box in my all columns dynamically bot do not want to add in rows. One time i can check only one check box.If i am selecting second time check box in that case first selected check box should be unchecked.p  pMy code is belowp  precodeprotected void dgvWoListRowDataBoundobject sender, GridViewRowEventArgs e              if e.Row.RowType  DataControlRowType.Header                      for int i  0 i lt e.Row.Cells.Count i                              if e.Row.Cells[i]  null ampamp e.Row.Cells[i].IsNullOrEmpty                                      CheckBox chk  new CheckBox                     chk.Text  e.Row.Cells[i].Text                     e.Row.Cells[i].Controls.Addchk                                              codepre  pNow i am trying to uncheck the check box but unable to do. Plz help me.p  pAnswers  Thanks a lot for your responses. Spl thanks AnthonyBCodes for your advise instead of check box use radio button which solved my problem. I changed my code from check box to radio button as below.p  precode                        RadioButton chk  new RadioButton                         chk.GroupName  radio                         chk.Text  e.Row.Cells[i].Text                         e.Row.Cells[i].Controls.Addchk  codepre
Negative 63 pI got xmlp  precodeltFictionBook xmlnshttpwww.gribuser.ruxmlfictionbook2.0 xmlnslhttpwww.w3.org1999xlinkgt     ltdescriptiongt      lttitleinfogt        ltgenregtlovecontemporaryltgenregt         ltauthorgt          ltfirstnamegtSylvainltfirstnamegt           ltlastnamegtReynardltlastnamegt        ltauthorgt         ltbooktitlegtGabriels Infernoltbooktitlegt         ltannotationgt          ltpgtEnigmatic and sexy, Professor Gabriel Emerson is a well respected Dante specialist by day, but by night he devotes himself to an uninhibited life of pleasure. He uses his notorious good looks and sophisticated charm to gratify his every whim, but is secretly tortured by his dark past and consumed by the profound belief that he is beyond all hope of redemption. When the sweet and innocent Julia Mitchell enrolls as his graduate student, his attraction and mysterious connection to her not only jeopardizes his career, but sends him on a journey in which his past and his present collide. An intriguing and sinful exploration of seduction, forbidden love and redemption, Gabriels Inferno is a captivating and wildly passionate tale of one mans escape from his own personal hell as he tries to earn the impossibleforgiveness and love.ltpgt        ltannotationgt         ltdategt         ltcoverpagegt          ltimage lhref0.jpggt        ltcoverpagegt         ltlanggtenltlanggt         ltsrclanggtenltsrclanggt         ltsequence nameGabriels Inferno number1gt      lttitleinfogt       ltdocumentinfogt        ltauthorgt          ltfirstnamegt           ltlastnamegt        ltauthorgt         ltdategt         ltidgt2aec7273a8a44edc803a820c4d76bc3fltidgt         ltversiongt1.0ltversiongt      ltdocumentinfogt       ltpublishinfogt        ltbooknamegtGabriels Infernoltbooknamegt         ltyeargt2011ltyeargt      ltpublishinfogt    ltdescriptiongt  ltFictionBookgt codepre  pMy expression to get value of attribute p  precodestringcoverpageimagelhref codepre  pCode in android programmp  precodeXPathFactory factory  XPathFactory.newInstance XPath xpath  factory.newXPath String expression String attrValue  expression  stringcoverpageimagelhref try      attrValue   xpath.compileexpression.evaluateobj,         XPathConstants.STRING.toString     System.out.printlnVAL XMLattrValue   catch XPathExpressionException e       TODO Autogenerated catch block     e.printStackTrace  codepre  pBut on console i get onlyp  precodeVAL XML codepre  pWhy What i doing wrongp  pI try a hrefhttpwww.freeformatter.comxpathtester.htmladoutput relnofollowhttpwww.freeformatter.comxpathtester.htmladoutputa for online testtings  everything works fine. Get string 0.jpgp
Negative 63 pI am not able to use strongDrawerLayoutstrong in my project. In my android sdk manager, I have upgraded the Android SDK platformtools to the latest revision Rev. 22.3 and the Android SDK Builttools  Rev. 19.0.1  as suggested in this postp  pa hrefhttpsforums.xamarin.comdiscussion4440createadrawerlayout relnofollowhttpsforums.xamarin.comdiscussion4440createadrawerlayoutap  pStill I cannot find this component DrawerLayout. Visual studio suggests to generate this class since it cannot find it in any referenced library. I have referenced Mono.Android.Support.v4.  I am also using ActionBarSherlock libraries to target api levels lt 2.3. Any help as to what i am doind wrong, where to investigate or what direction to take will be greatly appreciated. Thank you.p
Negative 63 pI have implemented facebook login in my android app. Jar file required  p  pstrongandroidsupportv4.jar which is 342kbstrongp  pAnd have excuted android slide panel in a demo project from herep  pstronga hrefhttpwww.androidhive.info201311androidslidingmenuusingnavigationdrawer relnofollowhttpwww.androidhive.info201311androidslidingmenuusingnavigationdrawerastrong Jar file required for this p  pstrongandroidsupportv4.jar which is 544kbstrongp  pNow this works like piece of cake seperately. When i try to implement the slide panel stuff to my project with fb login It strucks at p  pstrongprivate DrawerLayout mDrawerLayout private ActionBarDrawerToggle mDrawerTogglestrong Drawer layout and ActionBar cannot be resolved.p  pVice versa if i change the jars files then fb connect runs in errors. Please explain how to sort this.......... Thanks in advance........p
Negative 63 pCan anybody tell me if its possible to add the LinkedIn login details to a website Ive created using Weebly  I have had a go at this following the LinkedIN API instructions to add code to the header which I have been able to do and to the body.  Weebly has an option to allow HTML to be embeded into a page so I tried this for the body code but it dodnt seem to work.  When I viewed the HTML for the page I can see that the code is added but it doesnt seem to be in a Body section  in fact there doesnt appear to be a body section.p
Negative 63 pIn SAS 9.3, I could use codeODS HTML GPATHcode to specify the path where I wanted graphs to be saved if I so desired. In 9.4, by default i.e. every time I open SAS whenever I make a graph with codePROC SGPLOTcode, e.g., it automatically saves the plot to the location where the SAS program is saved. Ive tried going to Tools  Options  Preferences  Results and unchecking every combination of the HTML and ODS options, but no matter what Im still getting automatically saved graphs. How can I turn this off Preferably Id still have ODS output emwithinem SAS, but I do not want these PNG or whatever images to be saved to my computer outside SAS automatically.p  pstrongEDITstrong More information because the differences as stated above were not clear.p  p1 In 9.3 I emhadem to say codeODS GRAPHICS ONcode and specify codeODS HTML GPATHcode in order to have SAS save my plots to my computer outside of SAS or so I thought. If I wanted ODS graphics inside of SAS, but not save graphs outside of SAS, I could just say codeODS GRAPHICS ONcode and skip the codeODS HTML GPATHcode statement.p  p2 When I open 9.4 and do not make any statements about codeODScode i.e. leave settings at default, but run a procedure such as codeSGPLOTcode, I emAem get both a html graph ODS graph that shows up in SASs Results window and a graph that I can doubleclick to open in Windows Photo Viewer, and emBem the plot is emadditionallyem and emautomaticallyem saved where my SAS program is located as a PNG.p  pTrying to stop this automatic graphing saving, I have tried the following in SAS 9.4 before running codePROC SGPLOTcodep  p1 codeODS GRAPHICS OFFcode Nothing changes. I still get everything listed in point 2 above.p  p2 codeODS HTML CLOSEcode with codeODS GRAPHICS ONcode Lose htmlODS version of graph within SAS, but still have graph in SAS I could doubleclick that opens in Windows Photo Viewer, and still the graph saves automatically to my SAS programs location.p  p3 codeODS GRAPHICS OFFcode and codeODS HTML CLOSEcode Same thing as previous case 2 directly above.p  pWhat I want and I feel like this is how it was in 9.3 is to yes, have ODS graphs come up emwithinem SAS dont really need the version you can doubleclick to open in Windows Photo Viewer, but no, do not have SAS save a PNG to my computer specifically, my SAS programs location.p
Negative 63 pSo, just posted earlier about trying to finish my comp sci project. I basically finished everything I needed to do but, I was trying to get this image to rotate 90 degrees, but when i open the outputted image, its all black. Im not sure what is wrong with it.p  precodeimport java.awt.image. import java.io. import javax.imageio. import java.awt.  public class Project6b  public static void main String args[] throws Exception    rotate90ToLeftJack.jpg,Jack2.jpg   public static void rotate90ToLeftString originalImage, String convertedImage throws Exception     BufferedImage bufferImg  ImageIO.readnew FileoriginalImage   BufferedImage bufferImgOut  new      BufferedImagebufferImg.getWidth,bufferImg.getHeight, bufferImg.getType   for int x  0 x lt bufferImg.getWidth x       for int y  0 y lt bufferImg.getHeight y               int px  bufferImg.getRGBx, y         int destY  bufferImg.getWidth  x  1         bufferImgOut.setRGBy,destY, px           File outputfile  new FileconvertedImage     ImageIO.writebufferImgOut, png, outputfile      codepre  pOkay, I figured out that the image has to be smaller than 400x400. Is there any way I can make it work for any size imagep
Negative 63 pOkay, so I need to access the current users role in the form in order to query different things according to the role, it works just fine when creating a new user. Send the logged in user to the form as options... however, Ive noticed when editing the form, the data option inside options, its the entity to edit... p  pHow can I send the current user along the entity to edit without overwriting any of themp  pI was trying thisp  precodecurrentuser  thisgtgetsecurity.contextgtgetTokengtgetUser         form  thisgtcreateFormnew UserType, entity, array             action gt thisgtgenerateUrluserupdate, arrayid gt entitygtgetId,             method gt POST,             data gt currentuser,          codepre  pbut the data option seems to overwrite the entity I send above. p  pHow can I send bothp
Negative 63 pI have this file in csv trying to import to  using load data infile syntax. but I am stuck with this error in syntax. I tried every thing  but no luck.Any help would be appreciated.p  precodestring strLoadData  LOAD DATA LOCAL  INFILE Cxampphtdocsexplortest.csv INTO  test.tickets FIELDS  terminated by , ENCLOSED BY   lines terminated by rn ignore 1 lines   codepre  h1ERRORh1  precodeYou have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near test.tickets FIELDS  terminated by , ENCLOSED BY   lines terminated by   at line 1 codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to compile single cpp file in VC 2010 Express, instead of the whole project. So, I noticed that I can do ctrl  f7 to compile single files into .obj file. However, I do not know how to link it to .exe file, without doing this on the whole project in the IDE.p  pI do realize that this is fairly simple in command line, however for cmd it is hard to include all the projectspecific properties. For example, I have been using the boost lib and I have to add that to path if I am using the command line. So, an IDE solution would be preferred.p  pThanks a lotp
Negative 63 pWhy does thisp  precodevar marketName  controller.state.operation.code  copy      controller.state.market.targetName      controller.state.market.name  dd.previewstep1.html     Market  ltigt       marketName       ltigtltbr gtSource  ltigt      controller.state.source.name       ltigtltbr gtTarget  ltigt      controller.state.target.name     ltigt  codepre  poutput thisp  blockquote   pMarket  blabla br   Source  blabla br   Target  blablap blockquote  pWhile thisp  precodedd.previewstep1.html     Market  ltigt      controller.state.operation.code  copy           controller.state.market.targetName          controller.state.market.name      ltigtltbr gtSource  ltigt      controller.state.source.name      ltigtltbr gtTarget  ltigt      controller.state.target.name       ltigt  codepre  ponly outputs thisp  blockquote   pMarket  blablap blockquote  pI dont get why the rest of the string after the inline ternary operator is not printed.p  pThanks for help.p
Negative 63 pI was trying to change the user who runs the tomcat process. p  pIn process of changing I have added new user and made tomcat run under him.p  phow now if i ping the tomcat, I get 404 error.p  pI am not sure how to proceed. p  pCan I check if tomcat has loaded all the classes  Can I check anything else to make sure tomcat loaded the servlets. p  pIs there anything else I can check to resolve this 404 error.p  pThanks a lot p
Negative 63 pIm trying to send values from an HTML Formular via codePOSTcode to a PHP file and work with the values. Everything is working fine, up to the case when I put the number 0 into the HTML field. Then no key or value with my field name is created in my codePOSTcode array. Ive checked it with codevardumpcode and codeprintrcode, the key Im looking for is not in the array. Im using a normal HTML form like this onep  precodeltform actionactionfile.php methodPOSTgt   ltinput typetext nameparameter1 gt   ltinput typesubmit gt ltformgt codepre  pIn my PHP filep  precodeltphp   [...]   contentarray  POST   vardumpcontentarray   [...] gt codepre  pWhen I take a look into my Firebug console it is showing me that the 0 is send successfully with POST but it is not in the array.....p  pAnd now the really strange thing is, when Im creating a new file with the same encoding UTF8UNIX the whole thing is working fine. Can somebody tell me why it is not working in my first filep
Negative 63 pI tested my site using yslow and I got Grade B in Configure Entity tags. I tried below condition in .htaccess and my sites Etags are removed, but not from JS included by CDN like validate.min.jsp  precodeHeader unset Pragma FileETag None Header unset ETag  codepre  pHere is the image,p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com45gzp.png altYslow Etagsp  pHow to configure etags from Validate plugin from CDN.p  pIt can be possible duplicate of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5705441howtooffetagwithhtaccessHow to off Etag with htaccessa except that here I am getting problem with js included by CDN.p
Negative 63 pI would like to know, is it possible to change the text color of status bar other than black or white. I check below two links where its answers are only to change black or white. What i want is green or blue or any color. Is it possible. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17678881howtochangestatusbartextcolorinios7firsta , a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions18897362changingthestatusbartextcolorinsplashscreenios7Secondap
Negative 63 pI would like to count the number of Invoices that had a sale of a certain item lets say ABC i dont want to count the invoice if it didnt have a ABC on the sale so in the example below, invoice 3 would not be counted because a ABC was not included on that invoice then if it did have an ABC on the invoice, i want to count variations of size and color for example i may want to count number of color yellow or size 12s or number of invoices that had size 11 and 21 on the invoicep  pCould someone help me with the function to use in excel and the expression Im thinking countifs but im new to excel, thanksp  precodecustomer      date    invoice item    size    color ..... me            1012014       1 abc          23 brown     you           1012014       2 abc          11 black     you           1012014       2 bqr          14 red     you           1012014       2 rpg          12 red     someoneelse   1022014       3 erp          12 yellow     someoneelse   1022014       3 rky          21 blue     them          1102014       4 abc          14 red   codepre
Negative 63 pI am creating a App in Android, which required run USSD Code in background. without send my application in background,p  pWhenever I am using  Intent.ACTIONCALL to run USSD p  precode   String encodedHash  Uri.encode    String ussd  123  encodedHash    Intent intent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONCALL, Uri.parsetel  ussd    startActivityintent codepre  pit send my application in background, and open dialer Interface on my application.p  pSo it is possible to run USSD code without open Dialer Interface in front.p  pThanks In advance .p
Negative 63 pI want to search for a string in all the directories from a Linux box at root level recursively. I know I can use codegrepcode but my requirement is to find that string in multiple servers within a script.p  pI was just trying with this. Can anyone please help furtherp  precodefor host in host1 host2 host3 do     ssh host grep R test  2gtdevnull done codepre
Negative 63 pI came across this interview question where the interviewer asked to write a function which will take an integer, say 123, and will return a string that would be how one would say that integer.In above case output should be one hundred and twenty three.I have no idea how to solve these problems.Can anyone help in how to work out this problem A pseudo code will be helpfull.  p
Negative 63 pI am having issues with my recursive method, that will return and print in main the sum of the powers of 2 up to the Xth power of 2. X is a integer on the commandline argument.p  pSo if my commandline argument is  3p  pOutput would be 15 p  pIt should work like 1  2  4  23 As you can see theres 3 powers of 2p  pSo whatever my number is thats how much powers of 2 will be added. I manage to work out in getting the power of 2x, but Im really confused on getting the sum of the powers of 2 to be added into my calculation op  pAlso, I wont be utilizing Math.pow, even if it would be easier xp  pMy code atmp  precodepublic static void mainString[] commandlineArguments        if commandlineArguments.length  0           System.out.printlnPlease enter a least one commandline               else           Integer number  new Integer0  initialize number          try              number  Integer.parseIntcommandlineArguments[0]                     catch NumberFormatException exception   NumberFormatException             System.out.printlnexception   is not a integer             System.exit1  end program                     Integer power  power2number          System.out.printlnpower                 public static Integer power2Integer number       if number  0           return 1               else           return 2  power2number  1              codepre
Negative 63 pI wrought some tests and now i have a problem with them. that test are parametrizedp  precodedef pytestgeneratetestsmetafunc     ...     metafunc.parametrizedparam, range1,2,3  def testsometestparam     ... codepre  pand now i want to write a setupfunction function, that would know about the parametr. something like thatp  precodedef setupfunctionfunction, param     ... codepre  pso is there any option to make thisp  pthanksp
Negative 63 pThis is more of a JavaScript question than YouTube API. I copied and modified a bit the a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comyoutubeiframeapireferenceGettingStarted relnofollowYouTube iFrame APIa to add two videos at the same time. The first one plays automatically and the second does not. p  pThe problem I am facing is that it is showing only the second video.p  pHere is what I have so farp  precode    ltscriptgt     var tag  document.createElementscript      tag.src  httpswww.youtube.comiframeapi     var firstScriptTag  document.getElementsByTagNamescript[0]     firstScriptTag.parentNode.insertBeforetag, firstScriptTag      var player1      function onYouTubeIframeAPIReady          player1  new YT.Playerplayer1,              height 315,             width 420,             videoId bHQqvYy5KYo,             events                  onReady onPlayerReady                                 var player2      function onYouTubeIframeAPIReady          player2  new YT.Playerplayer2,              height 315,             width 420,             videoId M3uWxfhjUc,             events                  onReady stopVideo                                 function onPlayerReadyevent          event.target.playVideo           function stopVideo          player.stopVideo      ltscriptgt   ltdiv idplayer1gtltdivgt ltbrgt ltdiv idplayer2gtltdivgt codepre  pFixed code after Answerp  precode    ltscriptgt     var tag  document.createElementscript      tag.src  httpswww.youtube.comiframeapi     var firstScriptTag  document.getElementsByTagNamescript[0]     firstScriptTag.parentNode.insertBeforetag, firstScriptTag      var player1     var player2      function onYouTubeIframeAPIReady          player1  new YT.Playerplayer1,              height 315,             width 420,             videoId bHQqvYy5KYo,             events                  onReady onPlayerReady                                player2  new YT.Playerplayer2,              height 315,             width 420,             videoId M3uWxfhjUc,             events                  onReady stopVideo                                  function onPlayerReadyevent          event.target.playVideo           function stopVideo          player.stopVideo      ltscriptgt   ltdiv idplayer1gtltdivgt ltbrgt ltdiv idplayer2gtltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pIm modifying an a hrefhttpwww.dzyngiri.comlegendfreeresponsiveonepagetemplate relnofollowexisting templatea that uses Bootstrap.p  pHeres my work a hrefhttpgoo.glvbazGv relnofollowhttpgoo.glvbazGvap  pMy problem is that the last item of the menu  contactos  disappears for smaller screensp  pimg srchttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu16451566stackoverflowproblem1.png altimage1p  pWhile its present for bigger onesp  pimg srchttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu16451566stackoverflowproblem2.png altimage2p  pI think that the changing point is 767px.p  pI cant for the life of me correct this problem... I have tried everything but cant seem to understand nor find the code that produces this change.p
Negative 63 pIm designing a bar graph and a pie chart in a view pager using AChartEngine library. When I scroll from bar graph to pie chart, application crashes. The crash report is as following.p  precode FATAL EXCEPTION main  java.lang.IllegalArgumentException radius must be gt 0     at android.graphics.RadialGradient.ltinitgtRadialGradient.java58     at org.achartengine.chart.PieChart.drawPieChart.java112     at org.achartengine.GraphicalView.onDrawGraphicalView.java168     at android.view.View.drawView.java11120     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2901     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.View.drawView.java11123     at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.drawViewPager.java2157     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2901     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.View.drawView.java11123     at android.widget.FrameLayout.drawFrameLayout.java450     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2901     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.ViewGroup.drawChildViewGroup.java2899     at android.view.ViewGroup.dispatchDrawViewGroup.java2503     at android.view.View.drawView.java11123     at android.widget.FrameLayout.drawFrameLayout.java450     at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView.drawPhoneWindow.java2276     at android.view.ViewRootImpl.drawViewRootImpl.java2210     at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performTraversalsViewRootImpl.java1816     at android.view.ViewRootImpl.handleMessageViewRootImpl.java2628     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java99     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java137     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4517     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java993     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java760     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pAny help to solve this will be appreciable.p
Negative 63 pI am working on virtual products type in magento.i want to set following properties to product progrmmatically.p  precode[recurringprofile] gt Array                        [startdateiseditable] gt               [scheduledescription] gt               [suspensionthreshold] gt               [billfailedlater] gt               [periodunit] gt               [periodfrequency] gt               [periodmaxcycles] gt            codepre  pI had searched but no success and i had tried some solutions then also no success.please help me to achive this task.p  pThanksp
Negative 63 pIm using galaxy note with rooted software but Im retying to find some way to test and manage and browse all my sqlite contents values and tables via eclipse p  pI have used com.questoid.sqlitebrowser1.2.0.jar plugin but it give me disabled button in DDMS p  pnote  Im deploying my app on real device not emulator p
Negative 63 pI am trying to assign a custom form error to a field in a modelform in django so that it appears where a standard error such as the field being left blank, with the same formatting which is handled by crispy forms.p  pMy model form clean method looks like thisp  precodedef cleanself     cleaneddata  superCreatorForm, self.clean     try         if cleaneddata[email]  cleaneddata[reemail]             raise forms.ValidationErroremail Your emails dont match     except KeyError         pass     return cleaneddata codepre  pAnd in my template I display the formresubmitted form like thisp  precodecreatorformcrispy codepre  pI would like the error to appear below the reemail field if possible though currently I thought Id have better luck getting it below the email field. At the moment it appears at the top of the form, unformatted.p  pFor the reemail field, despite not being part of the model, the error displayed for leaving it blank appears below the reemail field. How do I attach errors to fields so they are displayed beneathnear themp  pAll help appreciated thanksp
Negative 63 pI am looking for a way in WPF to recognize click events on all ZIndex levels. So this means I would like to recoginze a click also if another element on the same canvas  only different ZIndex is clicked. p  pWhat I want to achive with this functionality is that I have some ListBoxes on the same canvas and I would like to get the SelectionChanged event also when they overlap.p  pEdit Added some code.p  precodeltDataTemplate DataTypexType mytypegt     ltListBox SelectionModeExtended BackgroundTransparent                  ItemsSourceBinding RelativeSourceRelativeSource TemplatedParent, PathContent.Elementsgt             ltiInteraction.Triggersgt                 ltiEventTrigger EventNameSelectionChangedgt                     lteiCallMethodAction TargetObjectBinding ElementNamecontrol, PathDataContext                                          MethodNameSelectionChanged gt                 ltiEventTriggergt             ltiInteraction.Triggersgt             ltListBox.ItemsPanelgt                 ltItemsPanelTemplategt                     ltCanvas Width500 IsItemsHostTrue                             Height500                             VerticalAlignmentTop HorizontalAlignmentLeft BackgroundTransparentgt                     ltCanvas gt                 ltItemsPanelTemplategt             ltListBox.ItemsPanelgt     ltListBoxgt   ltDataTemplategt codepre  pIn this example the SelectionChanged handler is only visible for one object depending on ZIndex.p
Negative 63 pWhat I am trying to do is pull data back if an ID exists in two different tables, so for instancep  precodeselect details from myTable where myTable.id in select id from tbl1 or myTable.id in select id from tbl2 codepre  pSo far I have not had any luck. Am I doing this correctly If not, could you guys suggest methods by which I could get the desired outcomep  pThe issues that I am having is that the query hangs and I am unsure if that is due to a malformed query or some other reason that I am not thinking of.p
Negative 63 pHere is my selectorp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltselector xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt      ltitem androidstatepressedtrue androidcolorcolorblackgt     ltitem androidcolorcolorwhitegt  ltselectorgt codepre  papparently I cannot save it in the codedrawablecode folder as my android wont compile. Then if I create a codecolorcode folder in coderescode I get a red mark from eclipse. So where do I save my selector so I can use it as the background color of a TextView or really any other view.p  pI have a codecolors.xmlcode file in values, but how would I add a selector to itp  pstrongTHE ACTUAL SOLUTIONstrongp  pI am posting this edit in case someone else needs help. I hope you this saves you some time.p  pFor the correct answer, I did followingp  pIn codestrings.xmlcodep  precodeltdrawable nameblackdrawablegtcolorblackltdrawablegt ltdrawable namewhitedrawablegtcolorwhiteltdrawablegt codepre  pIn codecolors.xmlcodep  precodeltcolor nameblackgt000000ltcolorgt ltcolor namewhitegtffffffltcolorgt codepre  pThen in the selector, I didp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltselector xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroidgt      ltitem androiddrawabledrawableblackdrawable androidstatepressedtruegt     ltitem androiddrawabledrawablewhitedrawablegt  ltselectorgt codepre  pThe selector is saved in codedrawablecode as codeselectorblackwhite.xmlcodep
Negative 63 pIm trying to download metadata from MusicBrainz using a 3rd party java library a hrefhttpcode.google.compmusicbrainzws2java relnofollowmusicbrainzws2javaap  pIm trying to retrieve the metadata of individual songs in a specified album. Ive retrieved the MBID of the album, but when I try to search for the songs in the album I get no return.p  pHere is my codep  precodepublic static void main String args [] throws MBWS2Exception       String artistName  Imagine Dragons     String albumid  null       Artist artist  new Artist      artist.searchartistName      ListltArtistResultWs2gt results    artist.getFullSearchResultList       ArtistWs2 song  results.get0.getArtist      artist  new Artist       song  artist.lookUpsong      ListltReleaseGroupWs2gt rgl  artist.getFullReleaseGroupList        forint i 0 iltrgl.size i          System.out.printlnrgl.geti.getTitle          ifrgl.geti.getTitle.equalsNight Visions              albumid  rgl.geti.getId                        System.out.printlnNight visions ID   albumid       Release release  new Release      release.searchalbumid       ListltReleaseResultWs2gt list  release.getFullSearchResultList       forint i 0 iltlist.size i             System.out.printlnlist.geti.getEntity codepre  pCan someone give me some pointers. Thanksp
Negative 63 pI have a JSF form of view .jspx page. The form has around 20 fields. I have a print preview button, that would open a new browser window and show print preview of this form, making all the form content as read only.p  pI have done a bit of workaround like setting a boolean flag in Managed bean as showprintPreview. This approach has almost done the job by showing all the fields in readonly and buttons as disabled mode.  But, I dont want to change the backing bean object.p  pId like to show the print preview with css or javascript for a jsf form. p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI have tried another way by using onclick on print preview button that would call predefined, window.print js function. But its displaying all the buttons as well. I would like to hide buttons like submit, back etc in print preview and show all the input fields like text, textarea etc.p
Negative 63 pThis seems like a simple question but i cannot find the answer anywhere. I have a spreadsheet with one column containing boolean values TRUE or FALSE, in the formula field they appear as TRUE or FALSE. If i convert them to text, they display as 1 or 0 but in the formula field they still appear as TRUE or FALSE.p  pWhat i want to do is convert them all to text 1 or 0. Then i can use a IF statement on them in another field. p  pAlternatively, how can i use an IF statement on a boolean valuep
Negative 63 pIm trying to run a Jetty web framework from codemain...code that loads a spring web context which loads JSPs at runtime.  This works great from the command line using codemvn execjavacode on OSX and Linux.  However on Windows, running Cygwin, I cannot get it to fully work.p  pThe application loads and the webcontext seems to build fine.  However when the first JSP page is rendered the JVM goes to compile it on the fly and throws the following errorexceptionp  precodeorg.apache.tools.ant.BuildException Unable to find a javac compiler com.sun.tools.javac.Main is not on the classpath. Perhaps JAVAHOME does not point to the JDK     at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.compilers.CompilerAdapterFactory.getCompilerCompilerAdapterFactory.java105 [gwtdev2.5.1.jarna]     at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javac.compileJavac.java924 [gwtdev2.5.1.jarna]     at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.Javac.executeJavac.java757 [gwtdev2.5.1.jarna]     at org.apache.jasper.compiler.Compiler.generateClassCompiler.java382 [gwtdev2.5.1.jarna]     at org.apache.jasper.compiler.Compiler.compileCompiler.java472 [gwtdev2.5.1.jarna]     ... codepre  pIve done a ton of web searches and tried a number of things before posting.p  ol liThe codeJAVAHOMEcode variable emisem set correctly.li liIve made sure that it is pointing at the JDK and emnotem the JRE.  The codetools.jarcode file does exist under codeJAVAHOMElibtools.jarcode.li liThe codeJAVAHOMEcode path is in codeProgram Filescode and I was worried about the space but replacing it with codeProgra1code does not seem to work either.li liWeve tried both the codemvncode shell script under Cygwin as well as the codemvn.batcode script under DOS but both fail similarly.li ol  pAnyone else had this problem  Do I need to change the codeclasspathcode to specifically add a dependency to the codetools.jarcode somehow  Maybe something added to the codepom.xmlcode  Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI am thinking of using firebird with my application. but i want to know what firebird.msg file is used for. is it optional or mandatory file to include in ur Application installer package. p
Negative 63 pI am trying to create a simple slide show of an image that is set up in and background div. I dont have problem with creating the slideshow code but i have problem with positioning the image that should change according to the the width of others monitors resolution.p  pIn the image bellow i described were i want to place the image. The image should be placed in the red div.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.combsGlf.png altenter image description herep  pHere is the image that i want to put in the red div to be like a background. The resolution is 1900px x 500pxp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comeml3d.png altenter image description herep  pHere is a model what i managed to do. I tried in java script code to declared a global variable codeswcode which I assigned the codewindow.innerWidthcode codeswwindow.innerWidthcode, after in  CSS  using jquery selecting the red div coderotatorcode and assigned the codeswcode coderotator.csswidth, swcode, but the result wasnt what I need to obtain.  I obtained the image that was cropped from the right according to the screen resolution.  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comw4tjh.png altenter image description herep  pIf someone know how to solve this question i will be greatfulp  pHere is my CODESp  pHTMLp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt     ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstyle.cssgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcjquery2.1.0.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript typetextjavascript srcfunction.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcjquery.easing.1.3.jsgtltscriptgt     ltheadgt ltbody gt     ltdiv idrotatorgtltdivgt     ltdiv classslidergtltdivgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pCSSp  precodebody     margin 0px     marginleft 0px   .slider     width 940px     height 360px     backgroundcolor FFDF00     margin 0 auto     position absolute     left 15     top 20px       rotator      position relative     height 500px   .puzzle      width 100px     height 100px     backgroundposition 100px 0px     float left  codepre  pAnd JavaScript that also contain the function of slideshow effect that is working.p  precodedocument.readyinit  swwindow.innerWidth  if sw  100  0      swwindow.innerWidth  else     swMath.floorsw100100    counter of slider currentslide0 imagelistnew Array  img1.jpg, img2.jpg,     img3.jpg, img4.jpg, img5.jpg     function init       rotator.csswidth, sw     changeimagelist[currentslide]     start timer     setInterval  changeimagelist[currentslide]   ,2500   function changebgimage      this function creats cells inside ltdiv id  rotatorgt     rot  rotator constructor     rot.empty     fory  1 ylt5 y               forx  1 xltsw100 x                       rot.appendltdiv class  puzzle p  x    y   gtltdivgt            select the ltdivgt using his class and setting up the cells coordinates             .p  x    y.cssbackgroundposition, x1100  px    y1100  px.cssbackgroundimage,urlbgimage            .p  x    y.cssopacity, 0.delayparseIntMath.random1000.animateopacity 1, duration 1000                       currentslide      ifcurrentslide gt imagelist.lengthcurrentslide0  codepre  pThank you  for your time and considerationp
Negative 63 pMy Original query used WFID as the parameter name and would execute without any problems. I am lazy though and WF was to much typing so I renamed the parameter to ID but now when executed an SQLException is thrown. The exact message is Invalid column name Pagep  pHere are the two versions of the query and corresponding code. As you can see the only thing that has changed is the parameter name.p  precodeSQLConnection.Open SQLCommand.Connection  SQLConnection SqlParameter param  new SqlParameterWFID, SqlDbType.Int param.Value  WFID SQLCommand.Parameters.Addparam SQLCommand.CommandText  SELECT COUNT AS MyCount from members WHERE ID  WFID int numRows  Convert.ToInt32SQLCommand.ExecuteScalar.ToString SQLCommand.Parameters.Clear codepre  pVersion 2.0 the broken versionp  precode SQLConnection.Open  SQLCommand.Connection  SQLConnection  SqlParameter param  new SqlParameterID, SqlDbType.Int  param.Value  WFID  SQLCommand.Parameters.Addparam  SQLCommand.CommandText  SELECT COUNT AS MyCount from members WHERE ID  ID  int numRows  Convert.ToInt32SQLCommand.ExecuteScalar.ToString  SQLCommand.Parameters.Clear codepre  pMy Initial thought was a parameter name cannot be the same as one of the column names...but I cant find anything that explicitly says that.p  pLooking at this StackOverflow topic it would seem that you couldnt pass a column name via parameters. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions10092869canipasscolumnnameasinputparameterinsqlstoredprocedureCan I pass column name as input parameter in SQL stored Procedureap
Negative 63 pI have an iOS 7 app that has a UIPageViewController. Each page it displays has a UICollectionView that takes up the entire page except for the navigation bar. iOS 7 normally adjusts collection view edge insets so it is positioned below the navigation bar and goes underneath it as you scroll it up.p  pBut when my collection view is displayed in the UIPageViewController, its edge insets are not being  adjusted because the nav bar is owned by the page view controller, not the page the collection view is on. I have tried to set the edge insets on the collection view, but then it pushes the bottom of the collection view off the screen.p  pDoes anyone know how you are supposed to setup an collection view inside of a page view controller in iOS 7p
Negative 63 pIm in the process of creating a custom WP theme for my portfolio. I cannot find a solution to this issue anywhere. Ive set up a custom page with a loop to display my portfolio posts in a grid format on my homepage, a hrefhttpwww.gregoryrich.com relnofollowwww.gregoryrich.coma. I want my posts to display in full text not in a grid format on a hrefhttpwww.gregoryrich.comblog relnofollowwww.gregoryrich.combloga where I am using my default index template. Ive gotten the grid to work, but the blog page is not displaying my posts. The strange thing is that when I view my source, the post content is displaying in the source code, but its just not displaying on the page. Ive adjusted the reading settings, reset my permalinks many times, deactivated all of my plugins, and even reinstalled Wordpress completely. It seems like I might be missing something obvious, but I cannot figure it out and its really frustrated me. Any help anyone can offer would be extremely appreciated.p  pMy grid loopp  precodeltphp  Template Name Home  gt   ltphp getheader gt  ltdiv idcontent classgroupgt     ltdiv idgridcontainergt     ltphp     counter  1 start counter      grids  2 Grids per row      global querystring Need this to make pagination work       Setting up our custom query In here we are setting it to show 12 posts per page and eliminate all sticky posts      querypostsquerystring . ampcallergetposts1amppostsperpage12       ifhaveposts   whilehaveposts   thepost     gt     ltphp     Show the left hand side column     ifcounter  1      gt                 ltdiv classgriditemleftgt                     ltdiv classpostimagegt                         lta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitleattribute gtgtltphp thepostthumbnailcategorythumbnail gtltagt                     ltdivgt                     lth3gtlta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitleattribute gtgtltphp thetitle gtltagtlth3gt                 ltdivgt     ltphp     Show the right hand side column     elseifcounter  grids      gt     ltdiv classgriditemrightgt                     ltdiv classpostimagegt                     lta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitleattribute gtgtltphp thepostthumbnailcategorythumbnail gtltagt                     ltdivgt                     lth3gtlta hrefltphp thepermalink gt titleltphp thetitleattribute gtgtltphp thetitle gtltagtlth3gt ltdivgt     ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt     ltphp     counter  0     endif     gt     ltphp     counter     endwhile     Pagination can go here if you want it.     endif     gt    ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltphp getfooter gt codepre  pAnd my index page loopp  precodeltphp getheader gt  ltdiv idcontent classgroupgt  ltarticlegt  ltphp  Display blog posts on any page  httpm0n.col         temp  wpquery wpquery null         wpquery  new WPQuery wpquerygtqueryshowposts5 . amppaged.paged         while wpquerygthaveposts  wpquerygtthepost gt          ltdiv idpostltphp theID gt ltphp postclass gtgt     ltdiv classpostheadergt         lth1gtltphp thetitle gtlth1gt     ltdivgtltend post headergt     ltdiv classentry cleargt         ltphp if  functionexists addthemesupport   thepostthumbnail gt         ltphp echo gettemplatepart gtltphp thecontent gt         ltphp editpostlink gt         ltphp wplinkpages gt     ltdivgtltend entrygt   ltdivgtltend postgt  ltphp endwhile gt          ltphp if paged gt 1  gt          ltnav idnavpostsgt             ltdiv classprevgtltphp nextpostslinkamplaquo Previous Posts gtltdivgt             ltdiv classnextgtltphp previouspostslinkNewer Posts ampraquo gtltdivgt         ltnavgt          ltphp  else  gt          ltnav idnavpostsgt             ltdiv classprevgtltphp nextpostslinkamplaquo Previous Posts gtltdivgt         ltnavgt          ltphp  gt          ltphp wpresetpostdata gt  ltarticlegt  ltdivgt  ltphp getfooter gt codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to update Vim for use in Terminal on my Mac. Its currently running version 7.3, but YouCompleteMe requires Vim 7.3.584, and wont run even though its installed.p  pIve tried using a Vim alias in my .bashprofilep  precodealias vimUsersConorApplicationsMacVim.appContentsMacOSVim codepre  pHowever none of my Vim plugins are launched when I run Vim like this, any my vimrc file isnt recognised either.p  pHow can I get this alias to recognise my existing Vim settings Or is there a better way of upgrading Vim for macp
Negative 63 pIm searching for a plugin that autoimporto all facebook album, to galleries in wordpress. The website page is www.saggin.com.brnovo  In www.saggin.com.brfotos.html Im using my clientside plugin to take photos from facebook. But now Im using a wordpress theme, and I need that same function. I try to use IFTTT but It only creat a post, not a gallery.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to build codescala slickcode but Getting following errorsp  precodeadongrepnqadongre1adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectgt sbt version sbt launcher version 0.13.0  adongrepnqadongre1adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectgt scala version Scala code runner version 2.10.3  Copyright 20022013, LAMPEPFL  adongrepnqadongre1adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectgt sbt compile              [info] Set current project to project in build fileadongre1externalscalaslickslickproject [info] Compiling 1 Scala source to adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojecttargetscala2.10classes... [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala2 not found object Keys [error] import Keys. [error]         [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala3 not found object Tests [error] import Tests. [error]         [error] bad symbolic reference. A signature in SbtSite.class refers to type Plugin [error] in package sbt which is not available. [error] It may be completely missing from the current classpath, or the version on [error] the classpath might be incompatible with the version used when compiling SbtSite.class. [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala7 not found type Build [error] object SlickBuild extends Build  [error]                            [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala10 not found value SettingKey [error]   val repoKind  SettingKey[String]repokind, Maven repository kind snapshots or releases [error]                   [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala13 not found value scalaVersion [error]     scalaVersion  2.10.3, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala16 not found value libraryDependencies [error]     libraryDependencies lt scalaVersionorg.scalalang  scalacompiler    optional [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala19 not found type Setting [error]   def localScalaSettingspath String Seq[Setting[]]  Seq [error]                                              [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala20 not found value scalaVersion [error]     scalaVersion  2.10.0unknown, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala21 not found value scalaBinaryVersion [error]     scalaBinaryVersion  2.10.0unknown, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala22 not found value crossVersion [error]     crossVersion  CrossVersion.Disabled, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala23 not found value scalaHome [error]     scalaHome  Somefilepath, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala24 not found value autoScalaLibrary [error]     autoScalaLibrary  false, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala25 not found value unmanagedJars [error]     unmanagedJars ltlt scalaInstance.map .jars.classpath, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala26 not found value unmanagedJars [error]     unmanagedJars in configcompile ltlt scalaInstance.map .jars.classpath, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala27 not found value unmanagedJars [error]     unmanagedJars in configtest ltlt scalaInstance.map .jars.classpath, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala28 not found value unmanagedJars [error]     unmanagedJars in configmacro ltlt scalaInstance.map .jars.classpath [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala40 not found type Setting [error]   def ifPublisheds Seq[Setting[]] Seq[Setting[]]  [error]                                             [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala40 not found type Setting [error]   def ifPublisheds Seq[Setting[]] Seq[Setting[]]  [error]                           [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala43 not found type Setting [error]   def extTargetextName String, t Option[String] Seq[Setting[File]]   [error]                                                           [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala45 not found value target [error]       case null gt t.mapf gt Seqtarget  filef.getOrElseSeq.empty [error]                                    [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala46 not found value target [error]       case path gt Seqtarget  filepath    extName [error]                         [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala51 not found value version [error]     version  2.0.0, [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala93 not found value Project [error]   lazy val aRootProject  Projectid  root, base  file., [error]                            [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala100 not found type Project [error]   lazy val slickProject Project  Projectid  slick, base  file., [error]                           [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala100 not found value Project [error]   lazy val slickProject Project  Projectid  slick, base  file., [error]                                     [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala128 value  is not a member of String [error]     ch.qos.logback  logbackclassic  0.9.28, [error]                       [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala129 value  is not a member of String [error]     com.h2database  h2  1.3.170, [error]                       [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala130 value  is not a member of String [error]     org.xerial  sqlitejdbc  3.7.2, [error]                   [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala131 value  is not a member of String [error]     org.apache.derby  derby  10.9.1.0, [error]                         [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala132 value  is not a member of String [error]     org.hsqldb  hsqldb  2.2.8 [error]                   [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala135 not found value Project [error]   lazy val slickTestkitProject  Projectid  testkit, base  fileslicktestkit, [error]                                   [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala178 not found value config [error]   lazy val DocTest  configdoctest extendTest [error]                       [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala181 not found type TestDefinition [error]   def partitionTeststests Seq[TestDefinition]   [error]                                  [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala184 not found type Group [error]       new Groupfork, fork, SubProcessForkOptions, [error]            [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala185 not found type Group [error]       new GroupinProcess, notFork, InProcess [error]            [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala190 not found value TaskKey [error]   lazy val fmpp  TaskKey[Seq[File]]fmpp [error]                    [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala191 not found value config [error]   lazy val fmppConfig  configfmpp hide [error]                          [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala192 not found value inConfig [error]   lazy val fmppSettings  inConfigCompileSeqsourceGenerators lt fmpp, fmpp ltlt fmppTask  Seq [error]                            [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala213 not found value fullClasspath [error]     fullClasspath in fmppConfig, runner in fmpp, sourceManaged, streams, sourceDirectory map  cp, r, output, s, srcDir gt [error]       [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala227 not found value TaskKey [error]   lazy val typeProviders  TaskKey[Seq[File]]Type provider code generation [error]                             [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala228 not found value config [error]   lazy val typeProvidersConfig  configcodegen.hide [error]                                   [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala230 not found value inConfig [error]     inConfigtypeProvidersConfigDefaults.configSettings  [error]      [error] adongre1externalscalaslickslickprojectBuild.scala253 not found value fullClasspath [error]     fullClasspath in typeProvidersConfig, runner in typeProviders, sourceManaged in Test, streams, sourceDirectory, sourceDirectory in slickProject map  cp, r, output, s, srcDir, slickSrc gt [error]       [error] 44 errors found [error] compilecompile Compilation failed [error] Total time 3 s, completed Feb 24, 2014 114738 AM codepre
Negative 63 pOK,p  pso Ive got this weird situation. Im trying to include Paul Underwoods simple smooth scroll script a hrefhttpwww.paulund.co.uksmoothscrolltointernallinkswithjquery relnofollowhttpwww.paulund.co.uksmoothscrolltointernallinkswithjquerya in a Wordpress onepager running on Wordpress 3.8.1. However, the smooth scroll aint working.p  pThe script works perfectly on JFiddle, Ive checked it for errors, but its a simple copypaste from the source, so that shouldnt be the problem. Im pretty sure Ive enqueued it properly in functions.php yes, I also registerd jQuery. And it should work in noConflict.p  pSo what am I missing here It wont surprise me if its a stupid little mistake...p  pAnyway, thanks in advance everyone p  pThe HTMLp  precodelta hrefmaingtltimg classarrow srcltphp bloginfostylesheetdirectory gtimagesarrowdown.png altscroll downgtltagt codepre  pThe scriptp  precodejQuerydocument.readyfunction   document.readyfunction  a[href].onclick,function e      e.preventDefault  var target  this.hash,     target  target  html, body.stop.animate   scrollTop target.offset.top , 900, swing, function     window.location.hash  target          codepre  pthe functions.phpp  precodefunction myscripts  wpenqueuescriptjquery wpenqueuestyle mystyle, getstylesheeturi  wpregisterscript myscript, gettemplatedirectoryuri.jsmyscript.js, arrayjquery, 1.0, true  wpenqueuescript myscript    addaction wpenqueuescripts, myscripts  codepre
Negative 63 pI cant figure out how to loop through this instead of just repeating the code, bugging the hell outta me  FYI assignment has already been turned in using 5 iterations of code, just wanted to learn how to implement the string array holding file contents into a for loop for future knowledge.  I have tried for a few hours but it just prints the filename, cant seem to get the file contents.  p  precode  LinuxSys.java   This program reads text from a file    import java.util. import java.io.  public class LinuxSys      public static void main String[] args          String systemInfo[]  new String [5]         int i  0          using  to simulate file paths to test on local cpu, as it is easierquicker           than logging onto servercopy pasting code into new pico file         systemInfo[0]  procsyskernelhostname.txt    local files          systemInfo[1]  procmeminfo.txt              local files         systemInfo[2]  procversion.txt              local files         systemInfo[3]  procsyskernelhostname.txt    local files         systemInfo[0]  procsyskernelhostname.txt  local files            1st try to print server host name file         try              BufferedReader inputStream              new BufferedReadernew FileReadersystemInfo[i]             String line  blank             while line  null                  ifline  inputStream.readLine  null                      System.out.printlnline                     i   increment systemInfo[] array position                   end if              end while             System.out.println  create space             inputStream.close           end try          catchFileNotFoundException e              System.out.printlnFile was not found             System.out.printlnor could not be opened          end catch         catchIOException e              System.out.printlnError reading from file          end catch           2nd try to print server memory file                       BufferedReader inputStream              new BufferedReadernew FileReadersystemInfo[i]             String line  blank             while line  null                  ifline  inputStream.readLine  null                      System.out.printlnline                     i   increment systemInfo[] array position                   end if              end while             System.out.println  create space             inputStream.close           end try          catchFileNotFoundException e              System.out.printlnFile was not found             System.out.printlnor could not be opened          end catch         catchIOException e              System.out.printlnError reading from file          end catch           3rd try to print version file          try              BufferedReader inputStream              new BufferedReadernew FileReadersystemInfo[i]             String line  blank             while line  null                  ifline  inputStream.readLine  null                      System.out.printlnline                     i                   end if              end while             System.out.println  create space             inputStream.close           end try          catchFileNotFoundException e              System.out.printlnFile was not found             System.out.printlnor could not be opened          end catch         catchIOException e              System.out.printlnError reading from file          end catch       end main   end class codepre
Negative 63 pI need to create a dashboard application which will show all Unit test coverage report of projects, there are many projects which are deployed in various server. all are visual studio 2010 and 2012 projects with NUnit.p  pPlease suggest me some idea or sample.p
Negative 63 pHow do I disable automatic class creation in OrientDB I mean, suppose I create an edge like thisp  precodesourceVertex.addEdgePointsTo, targetVertex codepre  pOrientDB will create a class codePointsTocode if it not already exists. Is it possible to configure OrientDB to throw an exception when a nonexistent class is givenp
Negative 63 pI have changed my meta description on the site.   When searched on the google. The changed description is not reflected on the search pages. But when view source is done, its showing the changes.p  pDoes it takes time to update the descriptions on Google servers. If yes  How much p
Negative 63 pI have multiple CSV filesp  precodegt File 1 name,age,city john,30,NY cassey,25,SF nick,25,DC  gt File 2 attended,days math,30 phy,25 che,25  gt File 3 days, weeks 30, 4 20, 5 codepre  pI want to search for a entry and when I get it, I want to stop at the first entry. However, I also want to print the first line of the file, as it is a CSV, it will help me with the name of the columnsp  pIf I search for 25, my desired output isp  precodeFile 1   name,age,city   cassey,25,SF File 2   attended,days   phy,25 codepre  pWith the following code, Im able to printp  precode grep m 1 25  rn cassey,25,SF phy,25 codepre  pHow to pipe the grep output to sed or another utility so that I can print the first column and the matching column in the output.p
Negative 63 pI developed an Access database solution that is using Excel automation to open xls and xlsx files so I can import specific cells that I need.p  pNow I had to deploy my software to an user that does not have Office nor Excel installed and is using Runtime do run my program and I can not use automation any more.p  pIs there any way I can open an Excel file without Excel  and import lets say cell B7 and cell E4  I dont need to import it in the table directly but to operate with results from xls in the memory as I did with Excel object and save it later.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to use scrapy to scrape a site that uses javascript extensively to manipulate the document, cookies, etc but nothing simple like JSON responses. For some reason I cant determine from the network traffic, the page I need comes up as an error when I scrape but not when viewed in the browser. So what I want to do is use webkit to render the page as it appears in the browser, and then scrape this. The a hrefhttpsgithub.comscrapinghubscrapyjs relnofollowscrapyjsa project was made for this purpose.p  pTo access the page I need, I had to have logged in previously, and saved some session cookies. My problem is that I cannot successfully provide the session cookie to webkit when it renders the page. There are two ways I could think to do thisp  ol liuse scrapy page requests exclusively until I get to the page that needs webkit, and then pass along the requisite cookies.li liuse webkit within scrapy via a modified version of scrapyjs, for the entire session from login until I get to the page I need, and allow it to preserve cookies as needed.li ol  pUnfortunately neither approach seems to be working.p  pAlong the lines of approach 1, I tried the following In settings.py p  precodeDOWNLOADERMIDDLEWARES       scrapyjs.middleware.WebkitDownloader 701, to run after CookiesMiddleware  codepre  pI modified scrapyjs to send cookies  scrapyjsmiddleware.pyp  precodeimport gtk import webkit import jswebkit import gi.repository import Soup   conflicting static and dynamic includes import ctypes libsoup  ctypes.CDLLusrlibi386linuxgnulibsoup2.4.so.1 libwebkit  ctypes.CDLLusrliblibwebkitgtk1.0.so.0  def processrequest self, request, spider      if renderjs in request.meta         cookies  request.headers.getlistCookie         if lencookiesgt0             cookies  cookies[0].split              cookiejar  libsoup.soupcookiejarnew             libsoup.soupcookiejarsetacceptpolicycookiejar,0 0ALWAYS ACCEPT             up  urlparserequest.url             for c in cookies                 spc.find  find FIRST  as split position                 cookiename  c[0sp] cookieval  c[sp1]                 libsoup.soupcookiejaraddcookiecookiejar, libsoup.soupcookienewcookiename,cookieval,up.hostname,None,1                 session  libwebkit.webkitgetdefaultsession                 libsoup.soupsessionaddfeaturesession,cookiejar          webview  self.getwebview         webview.connectloadfinished, self.stopgtk         webview.loadurirequest.url         ... codepre  pThe code for setting the cookiejar is adapted from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7766445pythonwebkitwebviewremembercookiesthis responsea. The problem may be with how imports work perhaps this is not the right webkit that Im modifying  Im not too familiar with webkit and the python documentation is poor. I cant use the second answers approach with codefrom gi.repository import Soupcode because it mixes static and dynamic libraries. I also cant find any getdefaultsession in webkit as imported above.p  pThe second approach fails because sessions arent preserved across requests, and again I dont know enough about webkit to know how to make it persist in this framework.p  pAny help appreciatedp
Negative 63 pIm creating my first php site using tutorial for reference. I cant get my head around why the following worksp  precodewhile row  mysqlfetcharrayresult   echo row[1].  .row[2].ltbrgt  codepre  pSpecifically, how does the loop increment to the next rowp  pUPDATE Thanks to all who bothered to provide an answer, including those who implored me to RTFM. My problem was not understanding how while loops work, rather simply I couldnt see how the loop increments. THE ANSWER From the PHP docs,p  pmysqlfetcharray Returns an array that corresponds to the fetched row strongand moves the internal data pointer aheadstrongp  pI see now, all is well.p
Negative 63 precodeselect      delegationcycle.delegationcycleid as taskid,     delegationcycle.delegatefromid as fromid,     delegationcycle.delegatetoid as toid,     delegationcycle.timeestimate as maintimeestimate,     delegationcycle.status as maintaskstatus,     delegationcycle.startdate as mainstartdate,     delegationcycle.changes,     DATEdelegationcycle.delegatedtime as orginalemailtime,     tasks.taskname,     tasks.clientid,     tasks.followup,     tasks.taskowner,     tasks.mainduedate,     tasks.mainpriority,     1 as delegated,     delegationuserrelation.showinlist,     users.email as emailfrom,     clients.clientname,     select              countdelegationcycleid         from             delegationcycle         where             delegationcycle.taskid  tasks.taskid                 and delegationcycle.taskparent  2 as delegationcount,     select              sumstatus         from             delegationcycle         where             delegationcycle.taskid  tasks.taskid                 and delegationcycle.taskparent  2                 and delegationcycle.status  4 as sumstatus,     select              countnotesrecordsid         from             notesrecords                 join             notes ON notes.notesid  notesrecords.notesid         where             notesto  2                 and notes.taskid  delegationcycle.taskid as notescount,     select              countnotesrecordsid         from             notesrecords                 join             notes ON notes.notesid  notesrecords.notesid         where             notesto  2                 and notes.taskid  delegationcycle.taskid                 and notesrecords.read  0 as unreadnotescount from     delegationcycle         inner join     tasks ON tasks.taskid  delegationcycle.taskid         inner join     users ON users.userid  delegationcycle.delegatefromid         inner join     clients ON clients.clientid  tasks.clientid         join     delegationuserrelation ON delegationuserrelation.delegatetaskid  tasks.taskid where     delegationcycle.delegatetoid  2         and delegationcycle.status  4         and case         when             delegationcycle.status  3         then             delegationuserrelation.showinlist  1                  delegationuserrelation.showinlist  2                 and delegationuserrelation.userid  2          else delegationuserrelation.userid  2     end codepre  phi have this query running and i would like to check use codedelegationcountcode and codesumstatuscode in where condition with case statement like this p  precode when delegationcycle.status  3 ampamp delegationcount4sumstatus then  delegationuserrelation.showinlist  1  delegationuserrelation.showinlist  2    and delegationuserrelation.userid  2  else delegationuserrelation.userid  2      end codepre  pi would like to use the alise name in where condition but its not possible for me with this query ,so i would like to reframe this query to use alise name in where conditionp
Negative 63 pThis is my application using a hrefhttpbottlepy.orgdocsdevindex.html relnofollowbottleap  precodeimport bottle app  bottle.Bottle app.get def homedb   return bottle.templateHi if name  main   bottle.installbottlesqlite.SQLitePlugindbfiledata.db   bottle.run codepre  pThis is a unit test with a hrefhttpspypi.python.orgpypiWebTest relnofollowwebtesta and a hrefhttpdocs.python.org2libraryunittest.html relnofollowunittestap  precodeimport webtest def testhome   app  webtest.TestAppexample.app   assert app.get.status  200 OK codepre  pIt doesnt work, because codedata.dbcode is not available during testing. The goal is to somehow inject that codedbcode into the application before running the tests. How should it be donep
Negative 63 pI have MultiSelectComboBox UserControl inside my Custom UserControl. Id like to bind the SelectedItems Dependency Property from the MSCB above which is type of Dictionary to any of My ViewModel Property...p  pMSBC means   MultiSelectComboBox UserControl p  pCodeBehind of the MSCB Define DPp  precode    public static readonly DependencyProperty SelectedItemsProperty       DependencyProperty.RegisterSelectedItems, typeofDictionaryltstring, objectgt, typeof    MultiSelectComboBox, new FrameworkPropertyMetadatanull,        new PropertyChangedCallbackMultiSelectComboBox.OnSelectedItemsChanged codepre  pDefine SelectedItems Property in MSCBp  precode     public Dictionaryltstring, objectgt SelectedItems              get  return Dictionaryltstring, objectgtGetValueSelectedItemsProperty          set                      SetValueSelectedItemsProperty, value                      private static void OnSelectedItemsChangedDependencyObject d,      DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs e               MultiSelectComboBox ctrl  MultiSelectComboBoxd         ctrl.SelectNodes         ctrl.SetText      codepre  pXaml of My Custum UserControl Define the MSCB in the Xamlp  precode      ltMultiSelectComboBoxMultiSelectComboBox  xNameWorkDay          SelectedItemsBinding SelectedItemsInViewModel          ItemsSourceBinding WorkDays,ConverterStaticResource DataConvertergt  codepre  pIn My ViewModel classp  precode    private Dictionaryltstring, objectgt si new Dictionaryltstring, objectgt     public Dictionaryltstring, objectgt SelectedItemsInViewModel              get  return si          set                        si  value             OnPropertyChangedSelectedItemsInViewModel               codepre  pIt looks like the OnEventChanged of the DProperty inside MSBC is fired only for the first initialization and then stop firing. I dont get any changes in my ViewModel property. Ive set the data context to point to my ViewModel class and other bindings inside this CustomControl are working fine like TextBoxes.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to switch from sourcing my json locally to fetching it with an API. Ive had it working locally, but cant seem to access it when requesting it using the API. My formatting must be incorrect, but Im not sure what Im searching for thats incorrect.p  pThis is the way that Ive been getting the json from my local directory before moving to the APIp  precodecountClocks.factorythisClock, [resource,  functionresource  return resourceclocksclockId.json, ,   query methodGET, paramsclockIdclock, isArraytrue   ] codepre  pMy current json cones from a file called clocks.json and looks like thisp  precode id ch1, slug 1, title Ch 1 Name,  content Some text about orange clocks  codepre  pIve tried switching the resource url and parameters, but havent had any luck. Heres the format that I changed it top  precodecountClocks.factorythisClock, [resource,  functionresource  return resourcehttpwww.example.orgapigettagpoststagslugclocks, ,   query methodGET, paramsclockIdclock, isArraytrue   ] codepre  pAnd this is what my new json looks likep  precode  statusok,  count10,  counttotal12,  pages2,  posts[           id51,      slugchapter1,      urlhttpwww.orangeclocks.comchapter1,      titleChapter1,      contentltpgtItwouldbegreattolivehere.ltimgclassalignleftaltsrchttplorempixel.com600400nature3width600height400gtltpgtn,      excerptltpgtItwouldbegreattolivehere.ltpgtn,      ,            id49,      slugchapter2,      urlhttpwww.orangeclocks.comchapter2,      titleChapter2,      contentltpgtampnbspltpgtnltpgtBigLittle.ltbrgtnltimgclassalignleftaltsrchttplorempixel.com600400nature2width600height400gtltpgtn,             ]  codepre
Negative 63 pI am new to c had c background before.p  pI have class MyClass which creates an object of another class Symbols in the same namespace. I create the object of class Symbols in order to define the function addsymbol which is called from MyClass.p  pIn c it was quiet easyp  precodevoid NameOfTheClassNameOfTheFunction   codepre  pBut i dont know how to do in c. I tried the code below and got the following errorsee at last.p  precodeusing System using System.IO using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Text  namespace shekharfinal       public class Symbols               public void addsymbolbyte processingValue called from MyClass                      Console.WriteLineprocessingValue                       public class MyClass              public static void Mainstring[] args                      Symbols ObjSym new ObjSym Here is the error             using var stream  new BinaryReaderSystem.IO.File.OpenReadargs[0]                              while stream.BaseStream.Position lt stream.BaseStream.Length                                      byte processingValue  stream.ReadByte                     ObjSym.addsymbolprocessingValue This function is called which is defined in Symbol class                                                codepre  pThe error is I have pointed the line causing this error in my code p  precodeerror CS0246 The type or namespace name ObjSym could not be found. Are you missing a using directive or an assembly reference codepre  pstrongPlease help me in removing this error and any extra guidance is also appreciated because i an new to c, Thanksstrongp
Negative 63 pI am having an issue with the jquery autocomplete showing behind the Bootbox.dialog I show the bootbox.dialog in the schedulinging.js then in the  partial i attach my autocomplete to the control on the view. I have been reading not to use a Zindex with Jquery 1.10 but not sure how to get the autocomplete in the dom in the right position after the dialog.  I couldnt get the Zindex to work anyways.  Need some help getting this to work. Thanksp  precodebootbox.dialog                             message result,                             buttons                                  save                                      label Save,                                     className btnprimary btnxs,                                     callback function                                           var form  form                                         Validating the form using unobtrusive validation.                                         .validator.unobtrusive.parseform                                         form.validate                                          if form.valid                                              .ajax                                                 cache false,      ScheduleItemAdditionalDescription.autocomplete         source function request, response              var searchTerm  ScheduleItemAdditionalDescription.val             Ajax call to retrieve the potiential auto complate results             based on the searchTemer that are passed in through the additional             description control.             window.suppressBlockUI  true             .ajax                 url ScheduleDetailAutoCompleteAdditionalDesc,                 dataType json,                 contentType applicationjson, charsetutf8,                 data                      term searchTerm                 ,                 success function data                      window.suppressBlockUI  false                     response.mapdata, function item                          return                              label item.AdditionalDescription                             ,                             value item                                                                                     , minLength 1,         select function event, ui          ,         open function               this.removeClassuicornerall.addClassuicornertop         ,         close function               this.removeClassuicornertop.addClassuicornerall               codepre
Negative 63 pI need your help,p  pI cant seem to figure out as to why my elements appear the way that they do. Id like to have them centered in a div with a background color but for some reason, my div goes into the back and my elements seem like they are outside the div tagp  pIve attached a pic and am using ie 10.p  pHere is the markupp  precodelt        BUTTONS         gt ltdiv stylewidth auto margintop 5px backgroundcolor rgb223,223,223 border 1px solid rgb128,128,128 padding 5pxgt           ltdiv stylefloat leftgtltinput typebutton valueltltgtltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgtltinput typebutton valueltgtltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgtltinput typetextgtltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgtofltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgtltinput typetextgtltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgtltinput typebutton valuegtgtltdivgt         ltdiv stylefloat leftgtltinput typebutton valuegtgtgtltdivgt    ltdivgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGwr1G.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pIve come up with this hard to read codeifcode statement, and I cant figure out the best way I should format its layout to make it more readable and do so in a C way.p  precodeif value  intMax ampamp intMax  0   Deals with upper bound     value gt intMax10      value  intMax10 ampamp digitAdjusted gt digitLastIntMax      value  intMin ampamp intMin  0   Deals with lower bound     value lt intMin10      value  intMin10 ampamp digitAdjusted lt digitLastIntMin        Some code  codepre  pIf this is an inappropriate use of SO, please let me know  Ill remove this question.p
Negative 63 pIm looking for a way to get the response code of a thrown VolleyError. My ErrorListener looks like thisp  precodeResponse.ErrorListener errorListener  new Response.ErrorListener      Override     public void onErrorResponseVolleyError error          error.printStackTrace         Get response code here         VolleyLog.eError , error.toString         VolleyLog.eError , error.getLocalizedMessage       codepre  pThe 2 lines I send to my VolleyLog print the followingp  precode0312 105756.932 EVolley7147 [1] 1.onErrorResponse Error  0312 105756.932 EVolley7147 [1] 1.onErrorResponse Error  codepre  pVolley does know what comes back because I can also see the following in my VolleyLogp  precode0312 105756.692 EVolley7147 [41854] BasicNetwork.performRequest Unexpected response code 403 for httpsEmployeeauthenticate 0312 105756.897 EVolley7147 [41854] BasicNetwork.performRequest Unexpected response code 403 for httpsEmployeeauthenticate 0312 105756.902 WSystem.err7147 com.android.volley.AuthFailureError 0312 105756.902 WSystem.err7147     at com.android.volley.toolbox.BasicNetwork.performRequestBasicNetwork.java143 0312 105756.902 WSystem.err7147     at com.android.volley.NetworkDispatcher.runNetworkDispatcher.java105 codepre  pSo basically, what I want is to get that response code 403 Forbidden.p
Negative 63 pIn my Rails app, I let users cycle through different questions.  I pass the questions to my view as well as an array containing indexes for all questions via my controllerp  precodedef index     questions  Question.unanswered     questionarray  Array.new      questions.eachwithindex do question, index       questionarray ltlt index     end end codepre  pThen in my view, I use javascript to let users cycle through questions when clicking on an iconp  precode    ltdiv classquestions homeSectiongt         ltdiv classtitleContainer questionTitlegt             ltp classupdateTitlegtRecent Questions lticon classfa farefreshgtlticongtltpgt         ltdivgt          ltdiv classquestiongt             lt questionindex  questionarray.sample gt             lt question  questions[questionindex] gt             ltdiv classquestioncontentgtlt question.description gtltdivgt             ltdiv classquestionbylinegtfrom lt linkto question.step.project.title, projectstepspathquestion.step.project, stepid gt question.step.id gt ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt       pick a random question to display     function cycleQuestion         lt oldquestionindex  questionindex gt         console.logoldquestionindex lt oldquestionindex gt         lt newquestionarray  questionarray  [oldquestionindex] gt         console.lognewquestionarray ltnewquestionarraygt         lt questionindex  newquestionarray.sample gt         console.lognew questionindex ltquestionindexgt         lt questiondescription  questions[questionindex].description gt         console.lognew question ltquestiondescriptiongt          .questioncontent.hide.htmlltquestiondescriptiongt.fadeIn         .questionbyline.hide.htmlfrom ltlinkto question.step.project.title, projectstepspathquestion.step.project, stepid gt question.step.id gt.fadeIn      ltscriptgt codepre  pThe issue Im having is that the ruby variable questionindex does not seem to be persisting so that the refresh works once but then doesnt work again.  You can see this in my console outputp  precodeclicked refresh  oldquestionindex 1  newquestionarray [0] new questionindex 0  new question How do I ask a question   clicked refresh  oldquestionindex 1  newquestionarray [0]  new questionindex 0  new question How do I ask a question  codepre  pstrongHow can I update the ruby variable questionindex every time cycleQuestion is calledstrongp
Negative 63 pI am working on making a CMS at the minute. I have got redactor coded so that I can edit text sucessfully with it. However I am now working getting an image upload to work in the text editor and have come across a few problems which I have been stuck on for quite some time.p  pI have been able to get to the stage where I can choose the image to upload... and then when it uploads, the path of the image goes into the text editor correctly, however the image does not seem to write to the directory.p  pI am working locally, and have the directory set as CMSpublicuploadsp  pHere is my upload function.p  precodeltphp   files storage folder dir  CMSpublicuploads  FILES[file][type]  strtolowerFILES[file][type]  if FILES[file][type]  imagepng  FILES[file][type]  imagejpg  FILES[file][type]  imagegif  FILES[file][type]  imagejpeg  FILES[file][type]  imagepjpeg       setting files mysterious name     file  dir.FILES[file][name]       copying     moveuploadedfileFILES[file][name], file       displaying file     array  array         filelink gt file           echo stripslashesjsonencodearray   gt codepre  pThis code basically tells the file where to be copied to.p  pDoes anyone have any Idea why this might not be copying the the directoryp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pTo give some context, I am using time series data one column and I want to study gaps in the data, represented by NULL values in the data set. Although I expect some leading NULL values that I am not interested in including in my final data set. However the number of leading NULL values will vary between data sets.p  pI would like to exclude the top x number of rows of my data set where the value of a particular column is NULL, without excluding NULL values that appear lower in the same column. p  pAny help would be much appreciated.p  pThanksp  pEDIT I also know that my first record in the value column is always 1, if that helps.p
Negative 63 pI am currently developing a single page application using Cordova 3.4.0, Requirejs and Backbone. While porting my application from iPhone to iPad, I need to change some functions in some views and keep other parts intact. p  pTo keep the change minimal, my solution is to create new object for each view I need to change, inherit all properties from original view and override only necessary functions. p  pTo do so, I need to configure Requirejs so that in iPad, if I require, for instance, emuservieweditprofile.jsem, it will check whether there was a emuseripadvieweditprofile.jsem file, if there is one, requires it, otherwise require emuservieweditprofile.jsem. p  pI have tried i18n, but it is not right for this situation. I am coming up with an idea of creating a new plugin for requirejs to do the task. p  pstrongDoes anyone have any suggestion for my problemstrong p  pemBtw, Since the required file changes dynamically according to the platform. I call it polymorphism.em p
Negative 63 pI am attempting to run the following query in CodeIgniterp  precodeDELETE FROM TblOrders  WHERE  TblOrders.orderPaid  0  AND  TblOrders.orderStarted lt 02152014  AND  Select Top 1 paymentID From TblOrderPayments Where TblOrderPayments.orderID  TblOrders.orderID Is NULL codepre  pWorks perfect in MS SQL Manager.p  pHowever, the following code failsp  precodepublic function clearup     thisgtdbgtwhereTblOrders.orderPaid, 0     thisgtdbgtwhereTblOrders.orderStarted lt, datemdY, strtotime30 days     thisgtdbgtwhereSelect Top 1 paymentID From TblOrderPayments Where TblOrderPayments.orderID  TblOrders.orderID Is NULL, null     thisgtdbgtdeleteTblOrders     vardumpthisgtdbgtlastquery     exit     ifthisgtdbgtaffectedrows gt 0         thisgtsessiongtsetuserdataarrayokMsggtYour old unpaid orders have been removed from the system.         redirectorderscurrent, refresh     else         thisgtsessiongtsetuserdataarrayerrMsggtThere was an issue clearing out your old orders.         redirectorderscurrent, refresh       codepre  pWith the following errorp  precodeDELETE failed because the following SET options have incorrect settings ANSINULLS, QUOTEDIDENTIFIER, CONCATNULLYIELDSNULL, ANSIWARNINGS, ANSIPADDING. Verify that SET options are correct for use with indexed views andor indexes on computed columns andor filtered indexes andor query notifications andor XML data type methods andor spatial index operations.  DELETE FROM TblOrders WHERE TblOrders.orderPaid  0 AND TblOrders.orderStarted lt 02152014 AND Select Top 1 paymentID From TblOrderPayments Where TblOrderPayments.orderID  TblOrders.orderID Is NULL  Filename mediaServerStorageSitestk.adminmodelsordersm.php codepre  pAs you can see here, the query this codeerrorcode is reporting is the same query run in MS SQL Manager...p  pWhat can I do to get it to work in my CodeIgniter codep
Negative 63 pI am collecting a users time zone during signup and storing in database with the following form relevant part. p  precodelt a.input timezone, collection ActiveSupportTimeZone.uszones.map  zone [zone.name, zone.name] , required true, label Select your time zone gt codepre  pHowever, I would like to default the selection to the users local time zone based on OS to speed up registration process.  I tried usingp  precodelt a.input timezone, collection ActiveSupportTimeZone.uszones.map  zone [zone.name, zone.name] , selected Time.now.zone, required true, label Select your time zone gt codepre  pbut it doesnt work because Time.now.zone is Eastern Daylight Time and the zone name is Eastern Time US amp Canada.  Is there anyway to convert the Time.now.zone to the zone name .p
Negative 63 pI have developed an application where it displays collection of markeres on the navteq map.when i was working with codenavteq maps 2.2.3code everything was working fine, but as codeNavteq maps 2.2.3code does not support for codeAsynchronous behaviourcode i have switched to codeHereMaps 2.5.3code which supports codeAsynchronouscode behaviour. p  pNow after switching to latest version im facing one strange problem. that is  while rendering the markers on the map suddenly already rendered pointsmarkerssome points gets disappeared.this problem happens some times and if again i try to generate markeres on the map it works fine.p  pso i think i need to handle some Display events properly before rendering.p  psample images are as belowp  pstrongImage 1 Properly Rendered markersstrong  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2278r.png altProperly Rendered Markersp  pstrongImage 2 Rendered but missing some pointsstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwtSWt.png altenter image description herep  pstrongMyCode is as belowstrong  p  pthe below function is responsible for displaying the markers on the map.p  precodefunction displayAllPointsarrLightPointCoordinats, totalLightPoints, selectedSegmentId,                                         totalSegmentsCount, segmentColorcode       var MyTheme1  function            segmentColorcode  segmentColorcode.substring2, segmentColorcode.length  1     MyTheme1.prototype.getNoisePresentation  function dataPoint          var markerLightPoint  new nokia.maps.map.MarkerdataPoint,              icon new nokia.maps.gfx.BitmapImage..ImagesLightpoint  segmentColorcode  .png,             anchor                  x 12,                 y 12                               return markerLightPoint          MyTheme1.prototype.getClusterPresentation  function data          var markerLightPoint  new nokia.maps.map.StandardMarkerdata.getBounds.getCenter,              icon new nokia.maps.gfx.BitmapImage..ImagesSegmentController                                       segmentColorcode  .png, null, 66, 65,             text data.getSize,             zIndex 2,             anchor                  x 12,                 y 12                               return markerLightPoint          var indexes  new nokia.maps.clustering.Index     var lightpointsDataSet1  new Array      for var i  0 i lt totalLightPoints i          lightpointsDataSet1[i]   latitude arrLightPointCoordinats[i][0],         longitude arrLightPointCoordinats[i][1], title LightPoint   i  1          indexes.add[arrLightPointCoordinats[i][0], arrLightPointCoordinats[i][1]]          var ClusterProvider  nokia.maps.clustering.ClusterProvider,         theme  new MyTheme1,         clusterProvider  new ClusterProvidermap,              eps 0.00000000001,             minPts 1000000,             strategy nokia.maps.clustering.ClusterProvider.STRATEGYDENSITYBASED,             index indexes,             theme theme,             dataPoints []              clusterProvider.addAlllightpointsDataSet1     clusterProvider.cluster     map.update1, 0     set zoom level here      setCenterAndZoom13, arrSegmentControllerIds[0]  codepre  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 63 pI am busy with a site built on Code Igniter that needs integration with Prestashop. In the site, when creating a user account, I save a shopid to the database, which is then retrieved as a session variable when logging in.p  pI am using the Prestashop API to retrieve the customer successfully using above shopidp  precodexml  thisgtPSWebServicegtget     arrayresource gt customers, id gt intthisgtuser[shopid]  codepre  pThis successfully returns the user in question, but there is no Cart IDs in this result.p  pLogging in to the backend of my shop, I see that there are multiple carts associated with the logged in user.p  pstrongMy question isstrong How to I retrieve the LATEST cart ID using the APIp
Negative 63 pI am having a hard time with the strongOpenShift client tools on Ubuntustrong. It keeps asking for a password which I am now confused about. strongIssuing rhc apps commandstrong displays the following message  Please sign in to start a new session to openshift.redhat.com. I entered my openshift account password but got a message that it was invalid. What password is required here p
Negative 63 pSo i have a shortcode called [codekerrigancode] and I want to have 3 atts where when used each one will display different content for the shortcode so for example [codekerrigan linktruecode] it shows a certain return, when I use [codekerrigan icontruecode] it shows a different return same for [codekerrigan imagetruecode] than I would like to have just [codekerrigancode] have its own content to return also. So pretty much have it output something different depending on what I put in there as the attsp  precodeaddshortcodekerrigan, kerring function kerrigan atts, content  null   array     link  gt true,     icon  gt true,     image gt true,       iflink  true     return display content 1   ificon  true     return display content 2   ifimage  true     return display content 3    codepre  pIm still learning PHP so my if statment syntax Im sure are a bit off.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to implement a function treeToString that uses this data typep  precodedatatype Tree  LEAF of string  NODE of Tree list codepre  pand this treep  precodeval L1a  LEAF a val L1b  LEAF b val L1c  LEAF c val L2a  NODE [L1a, L1b, L1c] val L2b  NODE [L1b, L1c, L1a] val L3  NODE [L2a, L2b, L1a, L1b] val L4  NODE [L1c, L1b, L3] val L5  NODE [L4] codepre  pThe function takes an argument like codetreeToString L5code which will output the string codecbabcbcaabcodep  pThe problem is I cannot figure out the correct way to differentiate between when the function takes in a LEAF or a NODE type. I wrote the code below to try and test this but I am getting errors. Anyone know the syntax in order to get this to work Once I get the parameters down, the actual recursion should be easy.p  precode treeToString  fun treeToStringLEAF str  str    treeToStringNODE ht       h codepre
Negative 63 pI used the following syntax to make a dataframep  precodestoryc1,2,3,4,5,6,7 valencecrep1,4,rep0,3 indexcrep0,7 dfcbindstory,index,valence df1data.framedf codepre  pSo dataframe looks like thisp  precodestory index valence 1     0       1 2     0       1 3     0       1 4     0       1 5     0       0 6     0       0 7     0       0 codepre  pI would like to randomise it so that there are never more than 2 trials of the same valence in a row. p  pI have tried the following, and I cant work out what is wrong with it.p  precodewhilesumdf1indexlt5   df1df1[samplenrowdf1,]     for i is 15       conddf1valence[i]df1valence[i1]df1valence[i2]12       ifcondTRUE       df1index[i]1       codepre  pAny help much appreciated p  pUPDATE...p  pI have now got this workingp  precodestoryc1,2,3,4,5,6,7 valencecrep1,4,rep0,3 indexcrepNA,7 dfcbindstory,index,valence df1data.framedf df1  whilesumis.nadf1indexgt2       df1indexcrepNA,7    df1df1[samplenrowdf1,]    for i in 15                  cond1df1valence[i]df1valence[i1]df1valence[i2]         ifcond11cond12                       df1index[i]1             df1 codepre  pThanks for commentsp
Negative 63 pI need to do the following in Rp  p1 Dynamicallyfor X images in ... create a tablegrid where I display them, for example in a 4xN table. p  p2 Make each of those images clickable, so that it feeds its name into a function in R. For example if we clicked on a monkey, it is supposed to call a function selectedmonkey.jpg. p
Negative 63 pfor example i have this text file subj.txt and it contains the texts below subjecttimep  precodeastro1100200 act2200300 speech1400500 codepre  pBtw, im using tkinter to create a gui. when a button is clicked, a window with text entry will appear and the program will ask the user to input what course will be deleted. So when a user selects astro1 and the button is clicked, the astro1 will be deleted in the textfile and the ac2 and speech 2 will go up. What is the code for thatp  pFor example I have an entrybox with name self.courseent and i have a function below for the buttonp  precodefopensubj.txt,r    for x in f    ax.split     if self.courseent.geta[0]       the line where the a[0] will be deleted codepre
Negative 63 pI can run the application with maven jettyrun, but Im seeing errors in IDEAp  pMy pom.xml  a hrefhttppastebin.comr3fMqShp relnofollowhttppastebin.comr3fMqShpap  pStep 1p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1mgZi.png altErrorp  hr  pStep2p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comiKzKF.png altError2p  pNone of the following worked so farp  ul liChangeUpgrade JDKjdk1.7.051li limvn clean install  li liInvalidate CachesRestartli liReimport All Maven Projectsli ul  pThanks p
Negative 63 pIm using threeleveled multithreaded Core Data introduced by Marcus Zarra in his book. codetempMOCcode for dealing with difficult tasks, codemainMOCcode for UI management and codewriterMOCcode for writing data to persistant store.p  pIm trying to integrate this model with my codeUITableViewcode.br Everytime user strongpulltorefreshstrong I process downloading, parsing and loading this data. In this process there is one extra step  deleting previos entries for entit. I want this to be smooth so, the current codeUITableViewcode MOC as well will wait to be cleaned until the last moment so this gap between deleting and loading new data wouldnt last for c.a 4 sec.p  pHere is my method which is called everytime I strongpulltorefreshstrong Ive removed parsing to keep the code cleanerp  precode voidloadTimetableToCoreDataidtimetable      [self.pullToRefresh finishLoading]       Initializing temporary context     NSManagedObjectContext tempContext  [[NSManagedObjectContext alloc] initWithConcurrencyTypeNSPrivateQueueConcurrencyType]     tempContext.parentContext  self.moc      [tempContext performBlock          Parsing JSON data     ]      [self deleteAllObjectsTimetable]     NSLogFinished loading to temp MOC      [tempContext performBlock          Saving procedure with multithreading         NSError error         if [tempContext saveamperror]              NSLogCouldnt save , [error localizedDescription]                  NSLogFinished saving to temp MOC          [self.moc performBlock              Save groups to presistant store             NSError error             if [self.moc saveamperror]                  NSLogCouldnt save , [error localizedDescription]                          NSLogFinished saving to main MOC              [self.writer performBlock                  Save groups to presistant store                 NSError error                 if [self.writer saveamperror]                      NSLogCouldnt save , [error localizedDescription]                                  NSLogFinished saving to writer MOC             ]         ]     ]  codepre  pIve also put some logs and if you run this code its likep  precode20140408 095528.349 devPlan[211251803] Finished loading to temp MOC 20140408 095533.145 devPlan[211251803] Finished saving to temp MOC 20140408 095533.650 devPlan[2112560b] Finished saving to main MOC 20140408 095533.652 devPlan[2112560b] Finished saving to writer MOC codepre  pSo as you can see there is this gap between loading and saving to temp MOC. Its okey because there is a lot of work going on but I would like to wait with code[self deleteAllObjectsTimetable]code until this work is done. When this is executed it wipes all data and when its realoaded again its displayed in codeUITableViewcode  but still with time gap in which codeUITableViewcode is empty...p  pstrongWhat should I do to resolve thing thingstrong Below is the list of what Ive tried so farp  ul liPutting this delete method in various places across download method.li liMessing around with MOCs codeperformBlockcode and codeperformBlockAndWaitcode.li liFetching and initializing codedeleteMOCcode with codeNSFetchRequestcode, waiting for data being processed and later call delete method.li ul  pI must tell you, Im stuck with this one... And it bothers me so much but I think there must be a logical explanation to thisp  h2Edith2  pHere is the code of the method responsible for deletingp  precode voiddeleteAllObjectsNSString entityDescription       Initializing temporary context     NSManagedObjectContext tempContext  [[NSManagedObjectContext alloc] initWithConcurrencyTypeNSPrivateQueueConcurrencyType]     tempContext.parentContext  self.moc      NSFetchRequest fetchRequest  [[NSFetchRequest alloc] init]     NSEntityDescription entity  [NSEntityDescription entityForNameentityDescription inManagedObjectContexttempContext]     [fetchRequest setEntityentity]      NSError error     NSArray items  [tempContext executeFetchRequestfetchRequest erroramperror]      [tempContext performBlockAndWait         for NSManagedObject managedObject in items              [tempContext deleteObjectmanagedObject]                   NSError error         if [tempContext saveamperror]              NSLogError deleting   error, entityDescription, [error localizedDescription]              ]  codepre
Negative 63 pLooking through the new codepathlibcode module in Python 3.4, I notice that there isnt any simple way to get the users home directory. The only way I can come up with for getting a users home directory is to use the older codeos.pathcode lib like sop  precodeimport pathlib from os import path p  pathlib.Pathpath.expanduser codepre  pThis seems clunky. Is there a better wayp
Negative 63 pI want to animate a hover over some elements after some period, but cant seem to get it right.p  pHeres what i tried.p  pstrongCODEstrongp  precodedocument.readyfunction     function setHover          .headerIconsMain.eachfunctioni, obj              this.mouseenter                   setIntervalsetHover, 1000  codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pWhen I recently tried to serialize a data structure in which I used  Data.Bimap, I encountered the problem that Bimap is not an instance of SafeCopy.p  pNow, after having a look in Data.SafeCopy.Instances, I came up with the followingp  precodeinstance SafeCopy a, SafeCopy b, Ord a, Ord b gt SafeCopy Bimap a b where     getCopy  contain  fmap fromAscPairList safeGet     putCopy  contain . safePut . toAscList codepre  pThis compiles but I have no idea whether it does the right thing.p
Negative 63 pI have the following arrayp  precodevar  array   key1 gt arrayvalue1, value2, value3,   key2 gt arrayvalue4, value5, value6, value7  codepre  pHow can I get the key of an array that contains, for example, codevalue5codep
Negative 63 pOn java reflection a hrefhttpdocs.oracle.comjavasetutorialreflectmembermethodInvocation.html relnofollowtutorial pagea, the example has this snippet p  precodeif pType.length  1       Locale.class.isAssignableFrompType[0].getClass     continue   codepre  blockquote   pemAlso, Class.isAssignableFrom is used to determine whether the parameters of the located  method are compatible with the desired invocation.emp blockquote  pI thought the snippet was trying to find the method with Locale as the parameter.  However, its trying to look for Locale.class.isAssignableFrompType[0].getClass and skip.  The funny thing is that the example works as described because Locale.class.isAssignableFrompType[0].getClass returns false when pType[0] is Locale.p  pDoes anybody know why would Locale.class.isAssignableFrompType[0].getClass return false when pType[0] is Locale, and what is the proper way to check if the parameter for the method is Localep  pThanks in advance for any help.p
Negative 63 phaving a bit of an issue here. Im passing data over an AJAX command to my php script. The data travels across fine.p  pstrongPrintrstrongp  precodeArray   [0] gt stdClass Object       [Loc] gt Main Door        [Module] gt O2        [Dect] gt O2        [GasDec] gt O2        [ScB4] gt        [ScA4] gt        [A1] gt        [A2] gt        [CalGas] gt        [CalGasA] gt        [Factor] gt        [ZB4] gt        [ZA4] gt        [CalB4] gt        [CalA4] gt        [CHNoID] gt 5        [JobID] gt 3   codepre  pI can use The following method just fine but when i use option two it doesnt like it due to this error messagep  pstrongCatchable fatal error Object of class stdClass could not be converted to stringstrongp  pstrongMethodsstrongp  precodeMethod one echo JobID  . comm[0]gtJobID  result 3 Method two echo JobID comm[0]gtJobID  get error message codepre  pThe reason im using method two is so I can pass the information into mysql. If anyone knows something im missing or it cant be done or even a easier way. please say.p  pThanks.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pstrongQuerystrongp  precodesql  INSERT INTO   calinfo Sbefore, Safter, A1, A2, CalGas, Factor, Zbefore, Zafter, Cbefore, Cafter, SysInfoID   VALUES   comm[i]gtScB4, comm[i]gtScA4, comm[i]gtA1, comm[i]gtA2, comm[i]gtCalGasA, comm[i]gtFactor, comm[i]gtZB4, comm[i]gtZA4, comm[i]gtCalB4, comm[i]gtCalA4, comm[i]gtCHNoID    sql . UPDATE   jobs   SET   CompletedBy  tech   WHERE JobID  comm[i]gtJobID lt when i try the method of WHERE JobID  .comm[i]gtJobID. it doesnt like it... codepre
Negative 63 pNeed some help, I use the latest version of the plugin and WP.p  pI have even set up a blank test theme just to confirm that my actual theme is not the problem.p  pBasically, I have a Contact Form 7 on one page. If this page is loaded directly in the browser, the content and the form are shown as they should be.p  pIf I load this page via ajax, the content is shown as it should be but the form is not. Instead only the shortcode of the Contact Form 7 plugin is shown.p  pHere is the example function from the test theme.p  precodefunction thtestajax  pageid  POST[pageid]  args  array     pageid gt pageid,     poststatus gt publish,     posttype gt arraypage   wpquery  new WPQueryargs  if wpquerygthaveposts      while wpquerygthaveposts              wpquerygtthepost          thecontent        die  addactionwpajaxloadcontent, thtestajax addactionwpajaxnoprivloadcontent, thtestajax codepre  pHere is the jQuery part.p  precodejQuerydocument.readyfunction  body.onclick, loadpage, functione     e.preventDefault      .ajax         type POST,         url th.ajaxurl,         data  action loadcontent, pageid this.datapageid ,         cache false,         dataType html     .donefunctionresponse          content.htmlresponse        codepre  pHere is the index.php, the datapageid29 is the page where the shortcode is.p  precodelthtmlgt ltphp wphead gt ltbodygt ltdiv idcontentgt ltpgt ltphp if haveposts       while haveposts              thepost          thecontent       gt ltpgt ltp idcontentgtfirst contentltpgt lta hrefkontakt idloadpage datapageid29gtajaxltagt ltdivgt ltbodygt ltphp wpfooter gt lthtmlgt codepre  pI have even tried other plugins that have shortcode and added them to the same page and they work via ajax.p  pOnly the Contact Form 7 for some reason is not working.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 63 pI want to create appointments, not meetingsp  precodeAppointment app  new Appointmentews app.Start  DateTime.Now app.End  DateTime.Now.AddMinutes60 app.Subject  My Subject app.Save string unid  app.Id.UniqueId  here the unid is given to the client, that may make another call leading to ItemId iid  new ItemIdunid app  Appointment.Bindews, iid, calendarFullEntryProperties return app.IsMeeting  Will return true, although I never added any participants. codepre  pWhy is that Did I overlook anything in the docsp
Negative 63 pI have an MS Access 2010 accdb database, where users generate their own queries and reports from those queries, which are then uploaded as PDFs.  I need to extract the primary key values used in the report, to upload alongside the PDF.  The primary key field is always called id  I am free to ignore reports which do not include this field, and free to assume the report will contain a text box called id containing this value.p  pHowever, I need to support any reasonable type of report the users may design.p  pI have considered two approaches 1  Iterate through the controls in Reports..Controls, checking for .nameid.  However, this only gets me the value for the first record.  I cant seem to find a way to .movenext on the report. strongIs there a way of programmatically accessing data from ALL records in a reportstrongp  p2  Instead, run the query the report is based on myself, which I can find out from Reports..Datasource.  I would normally wince at relying on the data to be unchanged between the two queries, but in this case the underlying tables are guaranteed to be static.  However, I dislike the inefficiency of running the query twice if it can be avoided, and worse, I absolutely dont want to prompt the user twice for the same values if the query requires parameters.  I guess I could check for these before the first run, prompt the user for them myself and populate via the querys parameters collection rather than relying on Access to ask for them when the query is executed, but this seems like reinventing the wheel.p
Negative 63 pchange thisp  precodeltulgt     ltligtlist oneltligt     ltligtlist twoltligt     ltligtlist threeltligt ltulgt ltulgt     ltligtlist oneltligt     ltligtlist twoltligt     ltligtlist threeltligt ltulgt codepre  pto thisp  precodeltul idlistproject0101gt     ltli iditmproject0101gtlist oneltligt     ltli iditmproject0102gtlist twoltligt     ltli iditmproject0103gtlist threeltligt ltulgt ltul idlistproject0102gt     ltli iditmproject0104gtlist oneltligt     ltli iditmproject0105gtlist twoltligt     ltli iditmproject0106gtlist threeltligt ltulgt  codepre  pThe tricky part is the incrementing number. Any suggestionsp
Negative 63 pI need to render 2d text over my 2d game but none of the solutions work for me. I have used both slick and bitmap rendering. I think that part of my problem is the fact that I cant find an updated version of slick that has Unicode Fonts. Mine only has TrueType. Link me a download for slick or help me out with another type of rendering. At the moment i am using the rubbish class found herep  pEDIT When I run the the demo program on lwjgl wiki it renders the fonts correctly found herep  precodeimport java.awt.Font import java.io.FileInputStream import java.io.FileNotFoundException import java.io.IOException import java.nio.ByteBuffer import java.util.ArrayList  import org.lwjgl.BufferUtils import org.lwjgl.opengl.Display import org.lwjgl.opengl.DisplayMode import org.lwjgl.opengl.GL11 import org.newdawn.slick.TrueTypeFont import org.newdawn.slick.opengl.PNGDecoder  import static org.lwjgl.opengl.GL11.  public class Reign   private static Player player public static final int WIDTH  1280 public static final int HEIGHT  720 private static Level level  new Level public static int levelNum  1  private static TrueTypeFont font private static int fontTexture  public static void mainString[] args throws Exception       Set screen size     Display.setDisplayModenew DisplayModeWIDTH, HEIGHT     Display.create     Display.setTitleReign  The Platform Game  Pre Alpha 1.0.1 DEV 3a     Fonts             This is where I load the slick font that wont work     Font awtFont  new FontTimes New Roman, Font.BOLD, 24     font  new TrueTypeFontawtFont, false      Player instance     player  new Player     init         Mainloop     while Display.isCloseRequested                      Here I try to render the slik font that wont work                     font.drawString100, 100, HELLO          Call main render method         setCamera          Draw the Background         drawBG          update and draw the player         player.update          Draw Platforms         for final Platform platform  level.getPlatforms              platform.Draw                  Draw mobs         for Mob mob  level.getMobs              mob.update                   Draw Goal         level.getGP.Draw          Update screen         Display.update          60fps         Display.sync60          if player.win              Thread.sleep1000             level  new Level             player.win  false             player.reset             levelNum                   Display.destroy   public static void init throws FileNotFoundException, IOException      fontTexture  glGenTextures     glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, fontTexture     final PNGDecoder decoder  new PNGDecodernew FileInputStream             resfont.png     final ByteBuffer buffer  BufferUtils.createByteBuffer4              decoder.getWidth  decoder.getHeight     decoder.decodebuffer, decoder.getWidth  4, PNGDecoder.ABGR     buffer.flip     glTexImage2DGLTEXTURE, 0, GLRGB, decoder.getWidth,             decoder.getHeight, 0, GLRGBA, GLUNSIGNEDBYTE, buffer     glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, 0    important Opengl shit public static void setCamera      glClearColor1f, 1f, 1f, 1.0f      Clear     glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT      Modify projection matrix  2d projection     glMatrixModeGLPROJECTION     glLoadIdentity     glOrtho0, 1280, 0, 720, 1, 1       Modify modelview matrix     glMatrixModeGLMODELVIEW     glLoadIdentity    private static void renderStringString string, int textureObject,         int gridSize, float x, float y, float characterWidth,         float characterHeight      glPushAttribGLTEXTUREBIT  GLENABLEBIT  GLCOLORBUFFERBIT     glEnableGLCULLFACE     glEnableGLTEXTURE2D     glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, textureObject      Enable linear texture filtering for smoothed results.     glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GLLINEAR     glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GLLINEAR      Enable additive blending. This means that the colours will be added      to already existing colours in the      frame buffer. In practice, this makes the black parts of the texture      become invisible.     glEnableGLBLEND     glBlendFuncGLONE, GLONE      Store the current modelview matrix.     glPushMatrix      Offset all subsequent at least up until glPopMatrix vertex      coordinates.     glTranslatefx, y, 0     glBeginGLQUADS      Iterate over all the characters in the string.     for int i  0 i lt string.length i           Get the ASCIIcode of the character by typecasting to integer.         final int asciiCode  string.charAti          There are 16 cells in a texture, and a texture coordinate ranges          from 0.0 to 1.0.         final float cellSize  1.0f  gridSize          The cells xcoordinate is the greatest integer smaller than          remainder of the ASCIIcode divided by the          amount of cells on the xaxis, times the cell size.         final float cellX  asciiCode  gridSize  cellSize          The cells ycoordinate is the greatest integer smaller than the          ASCIIcode divided by the amount of          cells on the yaxis.         final float cellY  asciiCode  gridSize  cellSize         glTexCoord2fcellX, cellY  cellSize         glVertex2fi  characterWidth  3, y         glTexCoord2fcellX  cellSize, cellY  cellSize         glVertex2fi  characterWidth  3  characterWidth  2, y         glTexCoord2fcellX  cellSize, cellY         glVertex2fi  characterWidth  3  characterWidth  2, y                  characterHeight         glTexCoord2fcellX, cellY         glVertex2fi  characterWidth  3, y  characterHeight          glEnd     glPopMatrix     glPopAttrib   public static void drawBG      glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT     renderStringhello, fontTexture, 16, 0.9f, 0, 0.3f, 0.225f       static sky              glBeginGLQUADS         glColor3d0.3, 0.4, 0.6         glVertex2d0, 0         glVertex2d1280, 0          glColor3d0.1, 0.2, 0.5         glVertex2d1280, 720         glVertex2d0, 720         glEnd           static ground               mud                      glBeginGLQUADS             glColor3d0.6, 0.2, 0.1             glVertex2d0, 0             glVertex2d1280, 0              glVertex2d1280, 32             glVertex2d0, 32             glEnd                   grass                      glBeginGLQUADS             glColor3d0.2, 0.75, 0.2             glVertex2d0, 32             glVertex2d1280, 32              glVertex2d1280, 37             glVertex2d0, 37             glEnd                   GUI TOP                                                      For a quad the coords are               vertex 1  0, 0               vertex 2  width, 0               vertex 3  width, height               vertex 4  0, height                           glBeginGLQUADS             glColor3d0, 0, 0             glVertex2d0, 720             glVertex2d1280, 720              glVertex2d1280, 640             glVertex2d0, 640             glEnd                   RENDER HINTS         if levelNum  1              drawStringWatch out for the spikes, , 200, 700             drawStringthey will kill you if you get too close, 200, 685                   if levelNum  2              drawStringThose red mobs will kill you just like spikes, 200, 700             drawString but you can win points if you jump on their heads, 200, 685                   if levelNum  3              drawStringThe pink platforms will dissappear, 200, 700             drawStringafter a while so watch out , 200, 685                  if levelNum  5              drawStringThe blue platforms are TRAMPOLINES, 200, 700                 public static ArrayListltPlatformgt getPlatforms      return level.getPlatforms   public static ArrayListltMobgt getMobs      return level.getMobs   public static void drawStringString s, int x, int y        int startX  x       GL11.glBeginGL11.GLPOINTS       glColor3d0, 1, 0       for char c  s.toLowerCase.toCharArray           if c  a              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          x  8           else if c  b              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  3             x  8           else if c  c              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  2              GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7              x  8           else if c  d              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7              x  8           else if c  e              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          x  8           else if c  f              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          x  8           else if c  g              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  3              GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7              x  8           else if c  h              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          x  8           else if c  i              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  i                          for int i  1 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          x  7           else if c  j              for int i  1 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                          GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  1             x  8           else if c  k              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  8             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y             x  8           else if c  l              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                          x  7           else if c  m              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  5              GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  5             x  8           else if c  n              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             x  8           else if c  o  c  0              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                          x  8           else if c  p              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6             x  8           else if c  q              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                if i  1                   GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                if i  6                   GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                          GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y             x  8           else if c  r              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6              GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y             x  8           else if c  s              for int i  2 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  5             for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                          GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  2             x  8           else if c  t              for int i  0 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  i                          for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          x  7           else if c  u              for int i  1 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                          x  8           else if c  v              for int i  2 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y             x  7           else if c  w              for int i  1 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y             for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  i                          x  8           else if c  x              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  i             for int i  7 i gt 1 i                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8  i             x  8           else if c  y              GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  4              GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  8              GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  8             x  8           else if c  z              for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7             x  8           else if c  1              for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                          for int i  1 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  7             x  8           else if c  2              for int i  1 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  6              GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  6             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  1             x  8           else if c  3              for int i  1 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                          for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          x  8           else if c  4              for int i  2 i lt 8 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  1                          for int i  0 i lt 4 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  i                          x  8           else if c  5              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          for int i  4 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y              GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  3              GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  4             x  8           else if c  6              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y                          for int i  2 i lt 5 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                          GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  4             x  8           else if c  7              for int i  0 i lt 7 i                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  7             GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  6              GL11.glVertex2fx  6, y  5             GL11.glVertex2fx  5, y  4             GL11.glVertex2fx  4, y  3             GL11.glVertex2fx  3, y  2             GL11.glVertex2fx  2, y  1             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y             x  8           else if c  8              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          x  8           else if c  9              for int i  1 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  7, y  i                          for int i  5 i lt 7 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  i                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  8                GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  0                          for int i  2 i lt 6 i                 GL11.glVertex2fx  i, y  4                          GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  0             x  8           else if c  .              GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y             x  2           else if c  ,              GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y             GL11.glVertex2fx  1, y  1             x  2           else if c  n              y  10             x  startX           else if c                 x  8                        GL11.glEnd       codepre
Negative 63 pIm learning how to build android apps and I have a simple question about the Eclipse ADT software. I tried to figure out the reason on google but I was unlucky. Does anyone could explain me why I have an old widget palette on my Eclipse ADT The guy at Lynda works with different widgets and the Google Developer site shows a different palette too. Thanks in advancep  pMy Palette  Tutorial Palette  Google Site  a hrefhttpspbs.twimg.commediaBljun7QCAAEG9Hc.jpg relnofollowPalettes Differences picap
Negative 63 pI am converting code from Java to C, but having issues figuring out some keyword equivalence. I have looked over the web and cant find anything. Updated added number 3.p  p1 Does anyone know what C uses for charAt Below is how I am trying to use it.p  precode curr  tokens[i].charAt0 codepre  p2 Also having issues converting isEmpty to C syntax.p  precode if par.isEmpty codepre  p3 How should I convert thisp  precodeop2  compute.pop.intValue codepre  pThanksp
Negative 63 pI have the following objects p  ul liFormulali liStockli liCounterli lietc ... li ul  pall these objects are called indicators and have common properties Id, Name, Value.... Each entity has its own propertiesp  ul liFormula FormulaExpression, FormulaCode, OperandsList ...li liStock StockValue, StockLimit...li liCounter CounterIndex...li lietc ...li ul  pSo logically, i have to make indicator class containing the common properties, and for each entity i have to create a class that inherits from indicator.p  pFormula is a special indicator that can contain any type of indicators. The formulas indicators are named operands. p  pthe operand object has the following properties operandId, operandCode, operandIndexp  pwhen i want to list the formula operands, i want to get objects which inherit from indicator, operand and entity type create an object that have indicators properties, operand properties and stock properties for examplep  pwhich design pattern or which architecture allows me to have this behaviourp  hr  pTo explain more the problemp  pThe entities codeFormulacode, codestockcode, codeCountercode.. are codeIndicatorscode and not necessary codeOperandscode, codeOperandscode are codeIndicatorscode too. Object codeIndicatorcode is the primitive type of entities, we can create an  codeIndicatorcode and then decorate it to become a codeFormulacode for example and than decorate it to become an codeOperandcode when it is added to another codeFormulacode. p
Negative 63 pI had to use CCLI in one of my programs, but I have never used it before. So it gave me a few problems. This is basically an function which send an http request to a login page. It work for the first user I try to, but with the second user, it fails on the GetRequestStream. I googled about this, and most topics were about deletingdispose it. I believe im doing that right now Still I have to wait like 20 seconds before a timeouts come Timeout excpetion. I have no ideas anymore how I can fix this. p  precodebool GetAuthKeystdstring username, stdstring pass, stdstringamp key  SystemString  username  gcnew Stringusername.cstr SystemString  pass  gcnew Stringpass.cstr  SystemNetCookieContainer cookieContainer  gcnew SystemNetCookieContainer  SystemNetHttpWebRequest firstrequest  safecastltSystemNetHttpWebRequestgtSystemNetHttpWebRequestCreatehttpspassport.nexoneu.comlogin firstrequestgtCookieContainer  cookieContainer firstrequestgtMethod  GET firstrequestgtKeepAlive  true firstrequestgtGetResponse  SystemNetCookie theme  gcnew SystemNetCookietheme, NexonEU themegtDomain  .nexoneu.com cookieContainergtAddtheme  ArrayWriter postData  gcnew ArrayWriter postData.WriteBytesEncoding.UTF8.GetBytesaccountuserId  username  ,password postData.WriteBytespass changed postData.WriteBytesEncoding.UTF8.GetBytes,accessedGameNexonEU,captchanull,isSaveIDtrue  String data  accountuserId  username  ,password  pass  ,accessedGameNexonEU,captchanull,isSaveIDtrue arrayltBytegt buffer  EncodingUTF8gtGetBytesdata  SystemNetHttpWebRequest request  safecastltSystemNetHttpWebRequestgtSystemNetHttpWebRequestCreatehttpspassport.nexoneu.comServiceAuthentication.asmxLogin requestgtMethod  POST requestgtCookieContainer  cookieContainer requestgtDate  DateTimeUtcNow requestgtServicePointgtExpect100Continue  false think ive to change this  requestgtAccept  applicationjson, textjavascript,  q0.01 requestgtKeepAlive  true requestgtContentLength  buffergtLength requestgtContentType  applicationjson charsetUTF8 requestgtHost  passport.nexoneu.com requestgtReferer  httpspassport.nexoneu.comlogin requestgtUserAgent  Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.2 WOW64 AppleWebKit537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Chrome34.0.1847.116 Safari537.36  requestgtHeadersgtAddAcceptEncoding, gzip,deflate,sdch requestgtHeadersgtAddAcceptLanguage, enUSq0.6,enq0.4 requestgtHeadersgtAddXRequestedWith, XMLHttpRequest requestgtHeadersgtAddDNT, 1 requestgtHeadersgtAddOrigin, https  requestgtHost   SystemIOStream stream  requestgtGetRequestStream  this crashes streamgtWritebuffer, 0, buffergtLength  streamgtFlush streamgtClose delete stream  SystemNetHttpWebResponse response  safecastltSystemNetHttpWebResponsegtrequestgtGetResponse  for eachSystemNetCookie cookie in responsegtCookies      if cookiegtNamegtToUppergtEqualsNPP              msclrinteropmarshalcontext context          key  context.marshalasltstdstringgtcookiegtValue         break        requestgtAbort responsegtClose  delete request delete response  return key.empty codepre  pp
Negative 63 pHey guys one of the aspects of a program of mine opens .txt files via the OpenDialog javax command.  My bufferedreader works fine in my developing environment but when I try to export the project to a .jar my program doesnt seem to load in the data.  I can still access the openDialog subview, pick the file, etc. but the file wont load and Im not sure how to debug a jar so Im unsure on whether the error is a bufferedreader or from the dialog itself.  Like I said the program works fine when I compile and run BLueJ but for some reason when I create the .jar it stops after opendialog.  Anyone familiar with this type of errorp  pFor explanation, the method adds a deck of cards from a text file already shuffled. Card is declared as an ArrayListp  precode        card.clear         JFileChooser chooser  new JFileChooser         chooser.showOpenDialognull         String filename  chooser.getSelectedFile.getName         try                      FileReader reader  new FileReaderfilename             BufferedReader breader  new BufferedReaderreader             String line             while line  breader.readLine  null                               card.addline                 displayField.appendnAdded a   line                          displayField.appendnDeck Size    card.size             breader.close          catch FileNotFoundException e                       System.err.printlnFileNotFoundException   e.getMessage          catchIOException ex                       System.out.println             Error reading file                filename              codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to compile current stable build I pulled from Qt git. The problem is when it tries to use uic UI compiler my path variable gets mangled in some way and it cant find icu libraries, which are on the path, but if I drop the libraries in the same directory as uic it works, but this isnt really a solution.p  pMy path variablep  precodeCommonProgramFilesMicrosoft SharedWindows LiveCProgram Files x86NVIDIA CorporationPhysXCommonSystemRootsystem32SystemRootSystemRootSystem32WbemCProgram Files x86ATI TechnologiesATI.ACECoreStaticsystemrootSystem32WindowsPowerShellv1.0CProgram FilesMicrosoftWeb Platform InstallerCProgram Files x86Microsoft ASP.NETASP.NET Web Pagesv1.0CProgram Files x86Windows Kits8.0Windows Performance ToolkitCProgram FilesMicrosoft SQL Server110ToolsBinnsystemrootSystem32WindowsPowerShellv1.0ImiktexmiktexbinEProgram FilesdoxygenbinEPython27EiculibEstrawberrycbinEstrawberryperlsitebinEstrawberryperlbinEProgram Files x86Gitbin codepre  pThe relevant output from the mingw32make is p  precodemingw32make[3] Entering directory eqt5qtbasesrcwidgets mingw32make f Makefile.Debug all mingw32make[4] Entering directory eqt5qtbasesrcwidgets PATHeqt5qtbaselibPATHPATH eqt5qtbasebinuic.exe dialogsqfiledialog.ui o .uicuiqfiledialog.h Makefile.Debug2443 recipe for target .uicuiqfiledialog.h failed mingw32make[4] Leaving directory eqt5qtbasesrcwidgets Makefile38 recipe for target debugall failed mingw32make[3] Leaving directory eqt5qtbasesrcwidgets Makefile437 recipe for target subwidgetsmakefirst failed mingw32make[2] Leaving directory eqt5qtbasesrc Makefile41 recipe for target subsrcmakefirst failed mingw32make[1] Leaving directory eqt5qtbase Makefile64 recipe for target moduleqtbasemakefirst failed codepre  pThe part about codePATHeqt5qtbaselibPATHPATHcode looks awfully suspicious to me, sadly I know little about makefiles and this particular syntax. p
Negative 63 pWhen should I init my NSFetchedResultsController with AFNetworking Currently I am doing with thisp  precode[[AFHttpClient sharedClient] GETadminstockCategories parametersnil successNSURLSessionDataTask task, id responseObject      NSHTTPURLResponse response  NSHTTPURLResponse task.response     if response.statusCode  200          NSArray results  NSArray responseObject         if [results count] gt 0              for NSDictionary obj in results                  StockCategory category  [StockCategory MRcreateEntity]                 category.name  obj[name]                 category.categoryId  obj[id]                 category.createdDate  [NSDate dateForRFC3339DateTimeStringobj[createdDate]]                  [context MRsaveWithOptionsMRSaveParentContexts completionBOOL success, NSError error                      dispatchasyncdispatchgetmainqueue,                          [SVProgressHUD dismiss]                         [self.tableView reloadData]                                      ]                       else                 failureNSURLSessionDataTask task, NSError error  ] codepre  pI know normally I put execute fetch request in success block after I saved object to core data. Should I put do thisp  precode[context MRsaveWithOptionsMRSaveParentContexts completionBOOL success, NSError error       add NSFetchedResultsController here      self.fetchedResultsController  [StockCategory MRfetchAllSortedBycreatedDate ascendingNO withPredicatenil groupBynil delegateself]     dispatchasyncdispatchgetmainqueue,          [SVProgressHUD dismiss]         [self.tableView reloadData]      ] codepre  pif so, self.fetchedResultsController will be init multiple times. I dont think so. What I am currently do is thisp  precode NSFetchedResultsController fetchedResultsController     if fetchedResultsController          fetchedResultsController  [StockCategory MRfetchAllSortedBycreatedDate ascendingNO withPredicatenil groupBynil delegateself]          return fetchedResultsController  codepre  pBut in my UITableViewDatasource methods, only numberOfRows method works, but the cell.textLabel.text is empty. But if I relaunch the simulator, and comment the afnetworking get method. everything works, objects have been saved the core data, and NSFetchedResultsController works too. p
Negative 63 pI have a TextBox control inside a FlipView control. However, when I press over the TextBox to write in, the windows softkeyboard ends over it.p  pIts just this small examplep  precodeltPage     xClassApp1.MainPage     xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation     xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml     xmlnslocalusingApp1     xmlnsdhttpschemas.microsoft.comexpressionblend2008     xmlnsmchttpschemas.openxmlformats.orgmarkupcompatibility2006     mcIgnorabledgt      ltGrid BackgroundThemeResource ApplicationPageBackgroundThemeBrushgt         ltFlipView HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretchgt             ltFlipViewItemgt                 ltTextBox TextPag1 Margin351,642,438,51gtltTextBoxgt             ltFlipViewItemgt             ltFlipViewItemgt                 ltTextBox Margin351,642,438,51 TextPag2gtltTextBoxgt             ltFlipViewItemgt         ltFlipViewgt      ltGridgt ltPagegt codepre  pEDIT It seems that also I cant click anywhere to hide the keyboardp
Negative 63 pIs there a way to define a default job which will start when the context is loaded, without having to programmatically call codejobLauncher.runmainJob, jobParameterscode p
Negative 63 pI have two opened tabs like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAbRbd.png altenter image description herep  pOn bottom theres an iframe a Panel but when i close one, the other tabs disappearp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWtyRC.png altenter image description herep  pAnd got this error p  pstrongUncaught TypeError Cannot read property parentNode of undefinedstrongp  pThe view code p  precodeExt.definetls.modulos.repservfact.view.Reporte,  extend Ext.panel.Panel, iconCls iconreport, alias widget.reporte, closeAction destroy, name tbReportes, layout      type border , title Resumen Servicios Facturados, region north, flex 1, initComponent function      var me  this      var storeGenCar  Ext.createtls.modulos.repservfact.store.Empresa     storeGenCar.proxy.extraParams  IdTipoEmpresa GenCar     storeGenCar.load      var storeTransp  Ext.createtls.modulos.repservfact.store.Empresa     storeTransp.proxy.extraParams  IdTipoEmpresa Transp     storeTransp.load      var storeTipoCarga  Ext.createtls.modulos.repservfact.store.TipoCarga     storeTipoCarga.load      Ext.applyIfme,          items [                              xtype form,                 region center,                 layout column,                 bodyPadding 10,                 defaults                      width 300,                     padding 2                 ,                 items [                                              xtype datefield,                         format Ymd,                         showToday true,                         fieldLabel Fecha Inicial,                         name FechaInicial,                         editable false,                         allowBlank false                     ,                                              xtype datefield,                         format Ymd,                         showToday true,                         fieldLabel Fecha Final,                         name FechaFinal,                         editable false,                         allowBlank false                     ,                                              xtype combo,                         store storeGenCar,                         name cmbGenCar,                         fieldLabel Generador de Carga,                         displayField RazonSocial,                         valueField IdEmpresa,                         editable false,                         labelWidth 130                     ,                                              xtype combo,                         store storeTransp,                         name cmbTransp,                         fieldLabel Transportadora,                         displayField RazonSocial,                         valueField IdEmpresa,                         editable false                     ,                                              xtype textfield,                         name txtPlaca,                         fieldLabel Placa                     ,                                              xtype combo,                         store storeTipoCarga,                         name cmbTipoCarga,                         fieldLabel Tipo de Carga,                         displayField ValorParametro,                         valueField IdValorParametro,                         editable false                     ,                                              xtype textfield,                         name txtProducto,                         fieldLabel Producto                                       ],                 buttons [                                              xtype button,                         name btnMostrar,                         text Ver Reporte,                         formBind true                     ,                                               xtype button,                         name btnExcel,                         text Exportar a Excel,                         formBind true,                         iconCls iconxls                     ,                                               xtype button,                         name btnPDF,                         text Exportar a PDF,                         formBind true,                         iconCls iconpdf                     ,                                              xtype button,                         name btnBorrar,                         formBind true,                         text Borrar                                       ]              ,              This is the panel for iframe.                                              xtype panel,                 region south,                 height 80,                 html ,                 name ifReporte,                 id ifReporte                       ]          me.callParentarguments  codepre  pp  pIf I delete the panel for iframe, works perfectly. But i need it to show a report.  Some helpp
Negative 63 pI was curious to see if anyone knew a of a way to reduce this javascript codep  precodevar channels channels  []  li.suggestions article.eachfunction    return channels.pushthis.datachannelid  codepre  pIts really simple  the snippet just initializes an array called channels, iterates over some DOM elements and collects their datachannelid attribute, adding it to that array.p  pIt is something I do a lot and it would be great to have this snippet simplified further  Id accept a CoffeeScript answer too if there is a nice solution.p
Negative 63 pi am new in ios , i want to write something on my friend post . i am try this code using graphbr api this is not working please help me p  precode    NSMutableDictionary params  [NSMutableDictionary dictionary]     [params setObjectSome text forKeyusermessageprompt]     [params setObjectanother text forKeyactionlinks]     [params setObjectYet another text forKeyattachment]     [params setObjectSOME FACEBOOK ID forKeytargetid]         FBRequest request  [[FBRequest alloc] initWithSessionFBSession.activeSession                                                   graphPathhttpsgraph.facebook.com100000329153640feed                                                  parametersparams                                                  HTTPMethodPOST]     NSLog,request codepre  pin this strongNSlog requeststrong line return this p  precodegraphPath httpsgraph.facebook.com100000329153640feed, HTTPMethod POST, parameters      actionlinks  another text     attachment  Yet another text     migrationbundle  fbsdk20131212     targetid  SOME FACEBOOK ID     usermessageprompt  Some text gt  codepre  pplease give me solution  please share your valuable knowledge ... i am waiting  Thankyou  p
Negative 63 pI need to reduce my Corei7 processor to single core. Searching forums i came to know about how to do it using codeBIOScode or in codeWindowscode.p  pBut is there a way to limit the processor number in codeCentOScode As my BIOS doesnt have any such options Thanks in advance for the help.p
Negative 63 pI need to stop superscript before comma  code,code or full stop  code.code. When converting the codeRmdcode file to HTML knitr makes comma superscripted as well. Examplep  pstrongexample.Rmdstrongp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodeMyTitle  J.Smith1, K.John2, H.Gone. codepre  pstrongexample.htmlstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com53mmo.png altenter image description herep  pLet me know if this was asked before, I cant find relevant questions.p
Negative 63 pi copied and pasted  the code from a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryb0wes9a3.aspx relnofollowmsdna, i dont know what is PrintDocument in that linep  precodewebBrowserForPrinting.DocumentCompleted          new WebBrowserDocumentCompletedEventHandlerPrintDocument codepre  pi change it to printDocument1 but it tells me p  blockquote   pprintDocument1 is a field but is used like a methodp blockquote  pin my form p  precode  printPreviewControl1   printDocument1   pageSetupDialog1 codepre
Negative 63 pI have a php script I want to create log files with. But it wont do it, permission denied. syntactically, i think my code is correct for writing files, but I dont know how to safely allow php to make files in a directory. p  precodegt [Wed May 07 070128.827861 2014] [error] [pid 2457] [client gt 10.0.0.12363383] PHP Warning  fopenLog filename 1399460488.txt failed to open stream Permission denied in homej0hwwwtestiv.php on line 7, referer gt http10.0.0.123test codepre  pthis is a linux server using php5.4 here is the code I am trying to use to write the file Line 7 starts with handle ...p  precodeltphp Time... for some logs ttime create Log filename based of Epoch LogName   t . .txt handle  fopenLogName, w or dieCannot open file  .LogName   file  fopen LogName, w  if file  false      echo  Error in opening new file     exit  fwrite file, This is  a simple testn  fclose file  gt codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to create a Shiny App that builds a Tree Plot using rpart.  I am using 12 predictors, and I want to designate use of each predictor through a checkboxInput values.  I know that the values of each checkboxInput is boolean.  Normally, rpart works when I multiply TRUE or FALSE by one of my predictors to designate use of that predictor.  I keep getting the following errorp  pError in model.frame.defaultformula  outcome  inputPred1  meanrecchrge       variable lengths differ found for inputPred1p  pui.Rp  precodelibraryshiny requirerpart requirerpart.plot  shinyUIfluidPage   titlePanelTree Diagram of Churn Data,  sidebarLayout       sidebarPanel       sliderInputMinSplitVal,                   Minsplit Value,                   min  1,                   max  40000,                   value  1,   mainPanel    plotOutputTreePlot,  wellPanel               h3Predictors, checkboxInputPred1, Mean total recurring charge, TRUE, checkboxInputPred2,  change in minutes of use, TRUE, checkboxInputPred3,  change in revenues, FALSE, checkboxInputPred4, Months in service, FALSE, checkboxInputPred5, Number of unique substitutes,  FALSE, checkboxInputPred6, Number of active substitutes, FALSE, checkboxInputPred7, Days owning current equipment, FALSE, checkboxInputPred8, Age of first HH member, FALSE, checkboxInputPred9, Low credit rating de, FALSE, checkboxInputPred10, Refurbished handset, FALSE, checkboxInputPred11, Webcapable handset, FALSE, checkboxInputPred12, Customer called retention team, FALSE    codepre  pserver.Rp  precodelibraryshiny requirerpart requirerpart.plot   shinyServerfunctioninput, output    outputTreePlot lt renderPlotrpart.plotrpartoutcome                   inputPred1meanrecchrgeinputPred2percchangemin                  inputPred3percchangerevinputPred4servmonths                  inputPred5numuniqsubsinputPred6numactvsubs                  inputPred7daysownedinputPred8agefirst                  inputPred9creditdeinputPred10refurb                  inputPred11webcapinputPred12retcall,                   data  ChurntrainPreImpute, method  class,                  control  rpart.controlminsplit  1    codepre
Negative 63 pI created a simple project that codeButtoncode in codeActivitycode click to Show codeToastcode from codeFragmentcode.brWorks fine when just click codeButtoncode, but after orientation changed and clicking codeButtoncode occurs error.p  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity   PlaceholderFragment pf  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     pf  new PlaceholderFragment      Button b  ButtonfindViewByIdR.id.button1     b.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView arg0               TODO Autogenerated method stub             pf.showToast                    if savedInstanceState  null          getFragmentManager.beginTransaction                 .addR.id.container, pf                 .commit         Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu        Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu     return true   Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item       Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will      automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long      as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.     int id  item.getItemId     if id  R.id.actionsettings          return true          return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem      A placeholder fragment containing a simple view.   public static class PlaceholderFragment extends Fragment       public PlaceholderFragment            Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState          View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentmain, container, false         Log.iTAG, onCreateView         return rootView           public void showToast         Toast.makeTextgetActivity, Show Toast from PlaceholderFragment, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show           Override     public void onAttachActivity activity           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onAttachactivity         Log.iTAG, onAttach           Override     public void onDetach           TODO Autogenerated method stub         super.onDetach         Log.iTAG, onDetach         codepre  pI found out codeFragmentcode was calling onAttach and onDetach after orientating. How can i fix this problemp
Negative 63 pProblem looks as presented below.codeNcode displays in Chrome and codeBcode in Safari I use flash live preview.p  precode lttdgtltinput typefile namefile idpreview acceptimage, applicationxshockwaveflash stylewidth 95px                  if readonly or not creative.active  disabled  endif gtlttdgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comMiEdb.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI have a custom adapter that renders two 2 checkboxes, a picture and the name of the client. All the information needed for the adapter is fetched from an ArratList that contains the Client class.p  pEvery row needs to have both checkboxes checked selected for the client in order to process the purchase order, in case that a particular client has one checkbox checkedoff and the other checkbox not, that raises a flag as MISMATCH. To make a valid order both checkboxes need to be checkedoff.p  pWe are implementing a button for verification, which will find any mismatch in the adapter and then hightlight the mismatches. p  pstrongEDITIONstrong After pressing the verificationBtn I am able to identify if any row has mismatch on checkboxes, for example, if checkbox1 was checked and checkbox2 not. that will mark the row as mismatch. I am using the position of my checkboxes based on clientList that is an arraylist of List clientList.p  pstrongQUESTIONstrong How can I get the position that the viewHolder has in order compare against the clientList position Is there any way I can force the viewHolder to store the position and get it back and make the comparison with cli.getClientnumber p  pSo far I have tested two different ways with no luckp  pstrongMethod 1strongp  precode viewHolder.clientName.setBackgroundColorInterger.parseIntcli.getClientnumber   position  Color.GREEN  Color.TRANSPARENT codepre  pstrongMethod 2strongp  precodeviewHolder.clientName.setBackgroundColorColor.GREEN codepre  phere the code that I am implementing.p  precode This goes in my main Client Activity Button verificationBtn  Button findViewByIdR.id.verificationBtn     verificationBtn.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          public void onClickView v                   buffer.setLength0                 mismatchTv.setText                  for Client cli  clientList                      if cli.isCheckboxOneSelected  cli.isCheckboxTwoSelected                       We had defined above the following buffer  new StringBuffer                     buffer.appendah.parseIntcli.getClientnumber, 0  1  ,                      cli.setMismatchtrue                      We are passing here the ID that correspond to the client mismatch                     listadapter.setBackgroundColorInteger.parseIntcli.getClientnumber  1                      setListAdapterlistadapter                     Log.wcli.getClientnumber , String.valueOfInteger.parseIntcli.getClientnumber  1                       We display any mismatch on a TextView on top of the screen if buffer.length  0       This is a TextView on top of the screen     mismatchTv.setTextError en Clients           buffer.toString       This goes inside of the ClientArrayAdapter public void setBackgroundColorint position      Log.winside of setBackgroundColor method, True     switchIndex  1     positionFetched  position    This goes inside of the ClientArrayAdapter  and inside the body of public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent     switch switchIndex       case 1          viewHolder.cbone             .setButtonDrawableR.drawable.btncheckboxselector         viewHolder.cbtwo             .setButtonDrawableR.drawable.btncheckboxselector          Log.wswitch 1 was called , True         for Client cli  clientList              if cli.isCheckboxOneSelected  cli.isCheckboxTwoSelected                   Client cli  getItempositionFetched                      if cli.isMismatch                           cli.setColorColor.BLACK                          Log.eif cli.isMismatch ,                           HERE WE ARE TRYING TO HIGHLIGHT THE ROW WITH MISMATCH                         WHY THIS LINE DOES NOT WORK                         THE ISSUE THAT I AM GETTING IS THAT I CANNOT CONTROL  WHAT ROW TO AFFECT                          IN THE VIEW HOLDER                         viewHolder.clientName.setBackgroundColorColor.GREEN                                                                break      default         viewHolder.cbone.setButtonDrawableR.drawable.disabledcb         viewHolder.cbtwo.setButtonDrawableR.drawable.disabledcb         break    This goes inside of the ClientArrayAdapter                static class ViewHolder          public TextView clientName         public TextView clientNumber         public ImageView imageView         public CheckBox cbtwo         public CheckBox cbone         public int position      codepre
Negative 63 pI want to get the ram usage of all the running applications. Ive tried many times to get the ram usage of all the running applications but Im able to get the ram usage of my own application. Im able to go to SettingsApplication managerDownload and All through my code, but Im unable to reach SettingsApplication managerRunning by my code. Please help Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pThis php file is using server side validation via post method as the user enters data into the input devices. The only problem Im having is inserting the data into the customers table as it doesnt work. I know this because i have created test php file that displays all the customer tables content and the data the user enters is not there. Where have i gone wrong     p  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 StrictEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1     strict.dtdgt     lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml xmllangen langengt     ltheadgt     lttitlegtPrac 2 Task 12lttitlegt      ltheadgt      ltbodygt     ltphp       conn  mysqlconnectlocalhost, twa291, ......       mysqlselectdbfactory291, conn       or die Database not found  . mysqlerror        sql  SELECT  FROM customer       rs  mysqlquerysql, conn       or die Problem with query . mysqlerror       ename  elname  ecus  epcode       fnamecus  lnamecus  idcus  pcde        errorreport  false      if SERVER[REQUESTMETHOD]  POST         if emptyPOST[customerid]           ecus  Customer ID is required     errorreport  true         else           idcus  inputtPOST[customerid]           check if numeric          if pregmatch[09],idcus             ecus  Only numbers allowed      errorreport  true              ifstrlenidcus  6 ampamp idcus  null                ecus  Customer ID must be 6 digits      errorreport  true                     if emptyPOST[customerfname]           ename  First name is required     errorreport  true         else           fnamecus inputtPOST[customerfname]           check if name only contains letters and whitespace          if pregmatch[azAZ],fnamecus             ename  Only alphabetic letters and hyphen     errorreport  true                    ifstrlenfnamecus gt 20 ampamp fnamecus  null                ename  First name cant be more that 20 characters long      errorreport  true                  if emptyPOST[customerlname]           elname  Last name is required     errorreport  true         else           lnamecus  inputtPOST[customerlname]           check if name only contains letters and whitespace          if pregmatch[azAZ],lnamecus             elname  Only alphabetic letters and hyphen     errorreport  true                  ifstrlenlnamecus gt 20 ampamp lnamecus  null                elname  Last name cant be more that 20 characters long     errorreport  true                   if isnullPOST[postcode]           pcde  inputtPOST[postcode]           check if name only contains letters and whitespace          if pregmatch[09],pcde             epcode  Only numbers allowed     errorreport  true                    ifstrlenpcde  4 ampamp pcde  null                epcode  Post code must be 4 digits     errorreport  true                        iferrorreport  true      queryINSERT INTO customer customerID, firstName, lastName, Address, suburb, state, postcode     VALUES customerid, customerfname, customerlname, customeraddress, suburb,      state, postcode    queryResult  mysqlqueryquery, conn     or die Problem with query . mysqlerror      echo correct              function inputtdata         data  trimdata        data  stripslashesdata        data  htmlspecialcharsdata        return data          gt       lth1gtCustomer Information Collection ltbr gtlth1gt     ltpgtltspan classerrorgt required field.ltspangtltpgt     ltform methodpost actionltphp echo htmlspecialcharsSERVER[PHPSELF]gt idcustinfo gt        lttablegt        lttrgt             lttdgtltlabel forcustomeridgtCustomer ID integer value ltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext idcustomerid namecustomerid size11 valueltphp      echo idcusgtgtltspan classerrorgt ltphp echo ecusgtltspangtlttdgt         lttrgt        lttrgt             lttdgtltlabel forcustomerfnamegtCustomer Frist Name ltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext idcustomerfname namecustomerfname size50 valueltphp      echo fnamecusgtgtltspan classerrorgt ltphp echo enamegtltspangtlttdgt         lttrgt         lttrgt             lttdgtltlabel forcustomerlnamegtCustomer Last Name ltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext idcustomerlname namecustomerlname size50 valueltphp      echo lnamecusgtgtltspan classerrorgt ltphp echo elnamegtltspangtlttdgt         lttrgt        lttrgt             lttdgtltlabel forcustomeraddressgtCustomer Address ltlabelgtlttdgt             lttdgtltinput typetext idcustomeraddress namecustomeraddress size65gtlttdgt              lttdgtltlabel forsuburbgt Suburb ltlabelgtlttdgt         lttdgtltinput typetext idsuburb namesuburbgtlttdgt        lttrgt        lttrgt        lttdgt         Stateltselect namestate idstategt             ltoption valueselectgtltoptiongt             ltoption valueACTgtACTltoptiongt             ltoption valueNSWgtNSWltoptiongt             ltoption valueNTgtNTltoptiongt             ltoption valueQLDgtQLDltoptiongt             ltoption valueSAgtSAltoptiongt             ltoption valueTASgtTASltoptiongt             ltoption valueVICgtVICltoptiongt              ltoption valueWAgtWAltoptiongt           ltselectgt      lttdgt         lttdgtltlabel forpostcodegt Post Code ltlabelgtltinput typetext idpostcode      namepostcode size4 valueltphp      echo pcdegtgtltspan classerrorgtltphp echo epcodegtltspangtlttdgt        lttrgt        lttablegt         ltpgtltinput typesubmit valueSave Datagtampnbspltinput typereset valueClear Form gt       lttrgt       ltformgt       ltbodygt     lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 63 pIm using strongSencha Touch 2.3.1strong and using a list defined like this p  precode                     xtype list,             id indexlist,             infinite true,             flex 1,             scrollToTopOnRefresh false,             disableSelection true,             store storeindex          codepre  pLists store has got more than 300 records, thats why I put the flag infinite to true. p  pstrongProblemstrong is when I scroll very fastly up and down through the list, app freezes and I cant do anything else with UI. p  pstrongAlso testedstrong, put infinite flag to false doesnt fix it. p  pstrongCannot reproducestrong if data are less than 300 records.p  pstrongPlatformsstrong  iOS 6, 7 iPhone, not iPad.p  pHave you got any idea p
Negative 63 pCannot figure out how to lose these 2 errors I get in HTML5 validatorp  pLine 11, Column 151 strongTable columns in range 23 established by element th have no cells beginning in themstrong. tweightnormalpadding25px 5px 0 25pxoverflowhiddenwordbreaknormal   p  pError Line 11, Column 151 strongTable column 5 established by element th has no cells beginning in itstrong. tweightnormalpadding25px 5px 0 25pxoverflowhiddenwordbreaknormal p  pAny ideas p  pstrongSOURCEstrong p  precodelttable stylelineheight 21.9px fontsize 14.6px fontfamily arial, helvetica, sansserif bordercollapsecollapseborderspacing0 width100 maxwidth 550px background fff margin 15px autoboxshadow0px 0px 25px 1px rgba19, 44, 54, 0.4gt   lttrgt     ltth colspan5 stylefontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxfontweightnormalpadding25px 5px 0 25pxoverflowhiddenwordbreaknormalgt                ltimg srchttplocation.comheader.jpg width500 height220 altpis styleborder0gt     ltthgt   lttrgt   lttrgt     lttd colspan5 stylefontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxpadding8px 25pxwordbreaknormalverticalalign topgtltp stylepadding0 5px margin 0 color 354347gtltstronggtLorem ipsum.ltstronggtltbr gt      Lorem ipsumltpgt     lttdgt   lttrgt   lttrgt     lttd colspan3 rowspan3 stylefontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxpadding8px 25pxwordbreaknormalverticalalign topgtltimg srchttplocation.comfotovasak.jpg width226 height160 altvasak styleborder0gtlttdgt     lttd colspan2 stylefontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxpadding 5px 5px importantwordbreaknormalverticalalign topgtltp stylepadding0 5px margin 0 color 354347gtLorem ipsumltpgt     lttdgt   lttrgt   lttrgt     lttd colspan2 stylefontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxpadding8px 25pxwordbreaknormalverticalalign top padding 5px 5px importantgtltimg srchttplocation.comkandideeri.png altkandideeri width287 height57 styledisplayblock marginleft 40px border0gt     lttdgt   lttrgt   lttrgt     lttd colspan2 stylefontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxpadding8px 25pxwordbreaknormalverticalalign top padding 5px 5px importantgtltp stylepadding0 5px margin 0 color 354347gtLorem ipsum lta hrefhttplocation.com targetblankgtLorem ipsumltagt vi lta hrefhttplocation.com targetblankgtLorem ipsumltagtltpgt     lttdgt   lttrgt   lttrgt     ltth colspan5 styletextalignleft fontfamilyArial, sansseriffontsize14pxfontweightnormalpadding 10px 5px 0 25px important overflowhiddenwordbreaknormalgtlta hrefhttplocation.com targetblankgt       ltimg srchttplocation.comlogo.jpg width215 height49 altlogo styleborder0gtltagtltbr gtltbr gt     ltthgt    lttrgt  lttablegt codepre
Negative 63 pIm developing an application that sends an email without using intents as described in a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2020088sendingemailinandroidusingjavamailapiwithoutusingthedefaultbuiltina20331242033124Sending Email in Android using JavaMail API without using the defaultbuiltin appa.p  pThis requires the email and password credentials of the developers mail account. At the moment, i have stored them as static variables within a classp  ppublic static final String EMAILmyemailgmail.comp  ppublic static final String EMAILPASSWDmypasswdp  pIm really concerned about security in case of reverse apk engineering.p  pWould it be safer to store these credentials in valuesstrings  Or maybe is there any better solutionp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pHey I got some thinking problem with this code here bear with me Im new to php i use this script and want the comments that i use atm codemysqnumrowscode just to see if a can get the relevant data out. But I dont really have a clue to get it out so the relevant comment number is in the right ID like blogg id 700 for example i want it to show 34 comments and so on to the next codedatacode of blog. now i just get 0 0 0 0 34 comments on each blogg post showing.p  pAny tips or hints how I would proccide woud be great I have googled everything i could think of but my lack of experience in codeMYSQLcode, codePHPcode is what holding me back i think.p  pCOMMENTS In comments i got ID and i got BID and the BID is where the blogg ID is fetched.p  pBLOGFetching the ID from it to the function codetestcodep  pHere is some of my codep  precodefunction test      resultblogs  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM blog  whilerowblogs  mysqlfetcharray resultblogs   blogid  rowblogs[id]  blogcommentmysqlquerySelect  from comments WHERE bidblogid AND verify1  blogcommentcountmysqlnumrowsblogcomment echo blogcommentcount                        codepre  pHere is the rest of the code for you to inspectp  precodeltphp if issetGET[bid]  gt lt Blog Post gt  ltphp errorreportingEERROR  EWARNING  EPARSE  mysqlhost  localhost mysqldatabase  database mysqluser  root mysqlpassword    link  mysqlconnectmysqlhost, mysqluser, mysqlpassword or dieDatabase is down, Please try again. mysqlselectdbmysqldatabase or diedatabase not found   set the pagination settings sql  Your sql query numresultsperpage  Number of results per page numpagelinksperpage  Number of visible page links per page  sql  SELECT  FROM blog ORDER BY date DESC numresultsperpage  3 numpagelinksperpage  5 pgparam  news  Ex ampqvalue paginationsql, numresultsperpage, numpagelinksperpage, pgparam  Pass 4 values to the pagination function. No return values, instead You can use 3 global variables set by the function.  pgresult  mysql result id variable paginationoutput  variable containing html pagination output pgerror  display any errors  gt ltphp   ifpgerror    ifmysqlnumrowspgresult gt 0      whiledata  mysqlfetchassocpgresult          gt      ltdiv classtypedategt                         ltdiv classblogtypegtltimg srcimagesblogtext.png altgtltdivgt     ltdiv classblogdategtlth5gtltphp echo data[day]gtlth5gtlth5gtltphp echo       data[month]gtlth5gtltdivgt                         ltdivgt     lth2gtlta  hrefbidltphp echo data[id].newsgtgtltphp echo data[title] gtltagtlth2gt     ltphp  echo test  blogcontent  substr data[body],0,600.....ltdiv stylemargintop20pxgtltbrgtlta classnewavebutton medium color hrefbid.data[id].newsgtLs vidareltagtltdivgt            echo ltdiv stylemarginleft80pxgt.blogcontent.ltdivgt         echo lthrgt                      display the pagination         you can echo paginationoutput anywhere you want          echo paginationoutput   else      echo No results found   else  echo pgerror display any errors, you can remove this if you want.    gt codepre
Negative 63 pI have two group of nodes in gephi and there nodes that are in both groups. I need to connect the identical nodes. How can I make this in gephi or in netwrokx or anythingp  pI would greatly appricate if somebody could help me, its really important for me to do this and I cant find any usable information on this topic.p
Negative 63 pI have some code that I want to run when a domain class object is created in Java, I would include this code on the constructor. How can I do it in GroovyGrailsp  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI have a sample app with single view controller. The controllers view has subviews look like followingp  precodeUIView     UIScrollView  Frame  0, 0, 320, 480         UICollectionView  firstCollectionView, Tag  0, Frame  0, 0, 320, 480         UICollectionView  secondCollectionView, Tag  1, Frame  480, 0, 320, 480         UICollectionView  thirdCollectionView, Tag  2, Frame  960, 0, 320, 480 codepre  pThen, in viewDidload I callp  precode[self.firstCollectionView reloadData]  Tag  0 [self.secondCollectionView reloadData]  Tag  1 [self.thirdCollectionView reloadData]  Tag  2 codepre  pAnd in the delegate method, numberOfSectionsInCollectionView, I put NSLog to see which collectionView start reloading its data firstp  precode NSIntegernumberOfSectionsInCollectionViewUICollectionView collectionView      NSLogTag  i, collectionView.tag  codepre  pSurprisingly, I got this resultp  precode20140527 122022.462 SampleApp[6065260b] Tag  2 20140527 122022.462 SampleApp[6065260b] Tag  1 20140527 122022.462 SampleApp[6065260b] Tag  0 codepre  pEverytime I tried, it will result like this 2  1 0 Do you have any idea why is the result log is reverse Is it something to do with threadingp  pBestp  pP.S. I cant share the actual code, but, this is everything that related to the UICollectionView issue. I just call reloadData of multiple UICollectionView that is contained in a single UIScrollView in controllers viewDidLoad, and found this weird result.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to databind a dictionary to a WPF datagrid.  The idea is to have a class that uses the dictionary key for the column name rather than writing a new data class for each datagrid in the application.p  pThe basic class looks likep  precodePublic Class DataRow  Implements INotifyPropertyChanged  Private dataEntry As New DictionaryOf String, String Public Property DataEntryByVal key As String     Get         If dataEntry.ContainsKeykey Then             Return dataEntrykey         Else             Return String.Empty         End If     End Get     Setvalue         If dataEntry.ContainsKeykey Then             dataEntrykey  value         Else             dataEntry.Addkey, value         End If         RaiseEvent PropertyChangedMe, New PropertyChangedEventArgsDataEntry     End Set  End Property  Public Event PropertyChangedsender As Object, e As System.ComponentModel.PropertyChangedEventArgs Implements System.ComponentModel.INotifyPropertyChanged.PropertyChanged  End Class codepre  pData is populated and attached to the grid when the window loadsp  precodePublic Class Window  Dim tableData As New ObservableCollectionOf DataRow  Private Sub WindowLoadedsender As Object, e As System.Windows.RoutedEventArgs Handles Me.Loaded      Dim newRow As New DataRow      newRow.DataEntryColumn1  my data      tableData.AddnewRow      Datagrid.ItemsSource  tableData  End Sub  End Class codepre  pThe data binding is declared in XAMLp  precodeltDataGrid AutoGenerateColumnsFalse NameDataGrid gt         ltDataGrid.Columnsgt             ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderColumn1 BindingBinding DataEntry[Column1]gtltDataGridTextColumngt          ltDataGrid.Columnsgt      ltDataGridgt codepre  pThe data is displayed correctly however if it is edited I get an Object reference not set error with no source available.  Can anyone advise why this doesnt work and what I need to do to correct itp
Negative 63 pIm working on a rather large project that uses custom forms and would like to draw the nonclient area of these forms myself. I cant use vclstyles because many of the forms need to have a caption bar and border in a color picked at run time and as far as I know, styles are application wide by design. p  pWhat I have accomplished so far is drawing the caption bar and border, drawing on the caption, disabling the minimize, maximize and close buttons and replacing them with my own. I achieved this by intercepting the WMNCPaint and WMNCACTIVATE messages and calling my own procedure after the inherited keyword when handling WMNCACTIVATE and sending a WMACTIVATE message without handling the WMNCPAINT message as suchp  precodeSendMessageHandle, WMNCACTIVATE, ORDactive, 1 codepre  pThe reason I did this is because I couldnt get the TMainMenu to paint itself consistently, after stepping through the code it seemed that the WMNCACTIVATE message being handled correctly paints the main menu. Another approach I tried there was calling UpdateItems on the main menu, but this didnt give any result.p  pI deactivated the top right buttons by handling the WMNCHITTEST message as suchp  precodeprocedure TBasicForm.WMNCHITTESTvar message  TMessage begin   inherited   case message.Result of     HTMINBUTTONE, HTMAXBUTTON, HTCLOSE message.Result  HTCAPTION   end end codepre  pI got my own buttons which I draw in the procedure I call when Handling WMNCACTIVATE by handling WMNCLBUTTONDOWN, this is not a perfect solution but, can easily be improved on. I trust I do not need to elaborate on this.p  pSo far this sounds pretty good, however.p  ul liThere is quite a lot of flickering when switching focus between forms certain ways.li liSometimes the original top right buttons show up, though they dont react to the mouse anymore.li liWhen closing a form, The caption bar and only the caption bar reverts to its old appearance.li ul  pstrongThe direct question isstrong, how do I solve these three issues It might be that Im going about this entirely the wrong way though, in which case the question is, how can I achieve a custom drawn caption bar and border, preferably without meddling with the functionality of the borders and caption bar too much and having the a main menu be drawn properlyp  pAs I said, its a rather large project with many forms, so changing things around in the form designer is one of the last things Id consider doing.p  pstrongTo Reproduce the problems Im experiencingstrong, create a new form and handle WMNCHITTEST, WMNCACTIVATE and WMNCPAINT as I described earlier.p  precode... procedure WMNCHITTESTvar message  TMessage message WMNCHITTEST procedure WMNCACTIVATEvar message  TMessage message WMNCACTIVATE procedure WMNCPAINTvar message  TMessage message WMNCPAINT ... implementation ... procedure TBasicForm.WMNCHITTESTvar message  TMessage begin   inherited   case message.Result of     HTMINBUTTONE, HTMAXBUTTON, HTCLOSE message.Result  HTCAPTION   end end  procedure TBasicForm.WMNCACTIVATEvar message  TMessage begin   inherited   Canvas.Brush.Style  bsSolid   Canvas.Brush.Color  clRed    Canvas.Rectangle0, 0, Width, GetSystemMetricSMCYCAPTION  GetSystemMetricSMCYBORDER   Canvas.Rectangle0, 0, GetSystemMetricSMCXBORDER, Height   Canvas.RectangleWidth  GetSystemMetricSMCXBORDER, 0, Width, Height   Canvas.RectangleWidth  GetSystemMetricSMCXBORDER, Heigth  GetSystemMetricSMCYBORDER, Width, Height end  procedure TBasicForm.WMNCPAINTvar message  TMessage begin   SendMessageHandle, WMNCACTIVATE, ORDactive, 1 end ... codepre  pNow, add a second form to the project, make sure both forms are created and switch focus between the two forms repeatedly also try clicking the second form, then click the custom drawn caption bar of first form, this should result in some flickering and the close, min and max button showing up. closing the form by pressing alt  f4 should briefly show the original caption bar.p
Negative 63 pI have a strongemlaravelemstrong siteapp and I want to put a strongemwordpressemstrong strongblogstrong at codemysitename.comblogcode.p  pstrongWhats the best way to do itstrong Should I emjust be following the instructions on wordpressem docs for a normal integration emOr I should be creating eloquent modelsem for blog and then proceed somehow with that Please share your thoughts.p
Negative 63 pI am facing the problem with multiple entry points to my Spring app. I am pasting below my configuration.p  precodeConfiguration  EnableWebMvcSecurity  public class EntryPointsConfiguration   Configuration ComponentScanbasePackages  com.springapp.mvc Order1 public static class ApiWebSecurityConfigurationAdapter extends WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter       Autowired     private ApplicationAuthenticationProvider authenticationProvider      Override     protected void configureHttpSecurity http throws Exception          http                 .httpBasic                 .and                 .antMatcherapi                 .authorizeRequests                     .anyRequest.hasAnyRoleRole.USER, Role.ADMIN           Override     protected void configureAuthenticationManagerBuilder auth throws Exception          auth.authenticationProviderauthenticationProvider        Configuration ComponentScanbasePackages  com.springapp.mvc Order2 public static class FormLoginConfigurationAdapter extends WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter       Autowired     private ApplicationAuthenticationProvider authenticationProvider      Override     protected void configureHttpSecurity http throws Exception           http                 .csrf                 .disable         http                 .authorizeRequests                 .antMatchers, codebase, resources, about, signup, signupcheck.permitAll                 .antMatchersadmin.hasAuthorityRole.ADMIN                 .antMatchershome.hasAnyAuthorityRole.USER, Role.ADMIN                 .antMatchersmeetings.hasAnyAuthorityRole.USER, Role.ADMIN                 .antMatcherspeople.hasAnyAuthorityRole.USER, Role.ADMIN                 .anyRequest.authenticated         http                 .formLogin                 .usernameParameterjusername    default is username                 .passwordParameterjpassword    default is password                 .loginPageauthlogin     default is login with an HTTP get                 .failureUrlauthfailure    default is loginerror                 .loginProcessingUrlauthloginprocess     default is login with an HTTP post                 .permitAll         .and                 .logout                 .invalidateHttpSessiontrue                 .logoutSuccessUrlauthlogin                 .logoutUrlauthlogout                 .permitAll           Override     protected void configureAuthenticationManagerBuilder auth throws Exception          auth                 .eraseCredentialsfalse                 .authenticationProviderauthenticationProvider       codepre  pp  pweb.xmlp  precodeltwebapp version2.4 xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2ee xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2ee  httpjava.sun.comxmlnsj2eewebapp24.xsdgt  ltdisplaynamegtMeeting Assistantltdisplaynamegt  ltfiltergt     ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt     ltfilterclassgtorg.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxyltfilterclassgt ltfiltergt  ltlistenergt     ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.security.web.session.HttpSessionEventPublisherltlistenerclassgt ltlistenergt  ltfiltermappinggt     ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt ltfiltermappinggt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.csslturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.jslturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.giflturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.jpglturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.pnglturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.xmllturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngt.icolturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt  ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt ltservletmappinggt  ltwelcomefilelistgt     ltwelcomefilegtindex.jspltwelcomefilegt     ltwelcomefilegtuserPanel.jspltwelcomefilegt ltwelcomefilelistgt  ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtmvcdispatcherltservletnamegt     ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt     ltinitparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextClassltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegtorg.springframework.web.context.support.AnnotationConfigWebApplicationContextltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt     ltinitparamgt         ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt         ltparamvaluegtcom.springapp.mvc.configurationltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt     ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt ltservletgt codepre  pp  pServlet mvcdispatcherp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt  ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans    xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance    xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext    xmlnsmvchttpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc    xmlnstxhttpwww.springframework.orgschematx    xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans.xsd     httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext      httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext.xsd     httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc     httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvcspringmvc.xsd     httpwww.springframework.orgschematx     httpwww.springframework.orgschematxspringtx.xsdgt  ltcontextspringconfigured gt  ltcontextannotationconfig gt  ltmvcannotationdriven gt  lttxannotationdriven gt codepre  pp  pWebAppInitializerp  precode public class SecurityWebApplicationInitializer extends AbstractAnnotationConfigDispatcherServletInitializer   public SecurityWebApplicationInitializer   Override protected Classltgt[] getRootConfigClasses      return new Classltgt[]EntryPointsConfiguration.FormLoginConfigurationAdapter.class,                           EntryPointsConfiguration.ApiWebSecurityConfigurationAdapter.class,                           WebSecurityConfig.class   Override protected Classltgt[] getServletConfigClasses      return new Classltgt[] WebConfiguration.class, PersistenceConfiguration.class    Override protected String[] getServletMappings      return new String[]     Override protected Filter[] getServletFilters      CharacterEncodingFilter characterEncodingFilter  new CharacterEncodingFilter     characterEncodingFilter.setEncodingUTF8      return new Filter[]  characterEncodingFilter      codepre  pWebSecurityConfigp  precodepublic class WebSecurityConfig extends SecurityConfig      public WebSecurityConfig         superMeetingAssistantsecurity        codepre  pWebConfigurationp  precode Configuration  EnableWebMvc  EnableSpringConfigured  ComponentScanbasePackages com.springapp.mvc  public class WebConfiguration extends WebMvcConfigurerAdapter   Bean public UrlBasedViewResolver viewResolver      UrlBasedViewResolver resolver  new UrlBasedViewResolver     resolver.setPrefixWEBINFpages     resolver.setSuffix.jsp     resolver.setViewClassJstlView.class     return resolver   Bean public MessageSource messageSource      ResourceBundleMessageSource messageSource  new ResourceBundleMessageSource     messageSource.setBasenamemessages     return messageSource   Override public void addInterceptorsInterceptorRegistry registry      LocaleChangeInterceptor localeChangeInterceptor  new LocaleChangeInterceptor     localeChangeInterceptor.setParamNamelang     registry.addInterceptorlocaleChangeInterceptor   Bean public LocaleResolver localeResolver      CookieLocaleResolver cookieLocaleResolver  new CookieLocaleResolver     cookieLocaleResolver.setDefaultLocaleStringUtils.parseLocaleStringen     return cookieLocaleResolver   Override public void addResourceHandlersResourceHandlerRegistry registry      registry.addResourceHandlerresources             .addResourceLocationsresources     registry.addResourceHandlercodebase             .addResourceLocationscodebase   Override public void configureMessageConvertersListltHttpMessageConverterltgtgt converters      StringHttpMessageConverter stringConverter  new StringHttpMessageConverter     stringConverter.setWriteAcceptCharsetfalse      converters.addnew ByteArrayHttpMessageConverter     converters.addstringConverter     converters.addnew ResourceHttpMessageConverter     converters.addnew SourceHttpMessageConverter     converters.addnew AllEncompassingFormHttpMessageConverter      converters.addnew Jaxb2RootElementHttpMessageConverter      converters.addnew MappingJackson2HttpMessageConverter    codepre  pStack Tracep  precode    java.lang.IllegalStateException Order on WebSecurityConfigurers must be unique.  Order of 2 was already used, so it cannot be used on  com.springapp.mvc.configuration.EntryPointsConfigurationFormLoginConfigurationAdapterEnhancerByCGLIBa72c8c8c74647003 too. codepre  pI tried to change annotations according to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20153523springwebsecurityconfigureradapterkeepsthrowingillegalstateexceptionbecause titleHerethis answera but unsuccessfully.p  pWhat am I doing wrongp  pBtw, I would be very grateful if you could recommend good multiple Entry points tutorial in Spring with java based conf REST, Form login, OAuth2.p  pcheersp  pstrongEDIT 1strongp  pOk, so I updated the configuration as you asked for. Still getting the exception despite removing EnableWebSecurity. Spring Security updated to 3.2.4.RELEASE.p  pstrongEDIT 2strongp  pI thought that providing the same package may cause the exception so I created 2 different packages and put 2 implementations of AuthenticationProvider. p  pNext, I changed the p  pcodebasePackagescom.springapp.mvc.configuration.restcode in the ApiWebSecurityConfigurationAdapter p  pand p  pcodebasePackagescom.springapp.mvc.configuration.formcode in the FormLoginSecurityConfigurationAdapter. p  pThis is what I gotp  precode  Could not autowire method public void org.springframework.security.config.annotation.web.configuration.WebSecurityConfigurerAdapter.setObjectPostProcessororg.springframework.security.config.annotation.ObjectPostProcessor codepre  pI am using Transaction Management with ASPECTJ mode. Can this somehow mess aroundp  pBTW. I am using Spring 4.0.0.RELEASE.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to extract all dates except for the last five days from a zoo dataset into a single object. p  pThis question is somewhat related to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23721586howdoisubsetthelastweekforeverymonthofazooobjectinrHow do I subset the last week for every month of a zoo object in Rap  pYou can reproduce the dataset with this codep  precodeset.seed123 price lt rnorm365 data lt cbindseqas.Date20130101, by  day, length.out  365, price zoodata lt zoodata[,2], as.Datedata[,1] codepre  pFor my output, Im hoping to get a combined dataset of everything except the last five days of each month. For example, if there are 20 days in the first months data and 19 days in the second months, I only want to subset the first 15 and 14 days of data respectively. p  pI tried using the codeheadcode function and the codefirstcode function to extract the first three weeks, but since each month will have a different amount of days according to month or leap year months, its not ideal. p  pThank you.p
Negative 63 pI just changed all serializable classes in my project to parcelable classes. Everything is working fine, except for that one class which is made of an ArrayList containing another ArrayList. I already debugged. There is no error when writing this ArrayList. But I get an error while reading it.p  pThis is the class where the error happensp  precodepublic class Timetable implements Parcelable  private int actLap  0 private ArrayListltLapgt timetable private ArrayListltLocationgt loggedLocations private Date startTime ... ... public void writeToParcelParcel out, int flags      out.writeIntactLap     out.writeTypedListtimetable no error here     out.writeTypedListloggedLocations ... ...     private TimetableParcel in      actLap           in.readInt     in.readTypedListtimetable, Lap.CREATOR error after this line     in.readTypedListloggedLocations, Location.CREATOR     startTime        Datein.readSerializable     bestLap          in.readParcelableLap.class.getClassLoader     track            in.readParcelableTrack.class.getClassLoader     description      in.readString  codepre  pHere are the other classesp  precodepublic class Lap implements Parcelable     private ArrayListltTimegt sectorTimes  new ArrayListltTimegt private Time laptime ... ... public void writeToParcelParcel out, int flags      out.writeTypedListsectorTimes     out.writeParcelablelaptime,flags   public static final Parcelable.CreatorltLapgt CREATOR  new Parcelable.CreatorltLapgt      public Lap createFromParcelParcel in              return new Lapin           public Lap[] newArrayint size              return new Lap[size]        private LapParcel in      in.readTypedListsectorTimes, Time.CREATOR     laptime      in.readParcelableTime.class.getClassLoader  codepre  pAnd this classp  precodepublic class Time implements Parcelable  private long timeLong private String timeString... ... public void writeToParcelParcel out, int flags      out.writeLongtimeLong     out.writeStringtimeString   public static final Parcelable.CreatorltTimegt CREATOR  new Parcelable.CreatorltTimegt      public Time createFromParcelParcel in              return new Timein           public Time[] newArrayint size              return new Time[size]        private TimeParcel in      timeLong  in.readLong     timeString  in.readString  codepre  pLike I already said, everything works fine there are more Parcelable classes which I pass with intents including a single ArrayList and which I save in files. So can you guys help me to write and read that double ArrayList Thanks in advancep
Negative 63 pIm tryin to get social icons in to my navigation menu. Ive done the following stepsp  ol liAdd new link to navigation li liCss class example menutwitter li liCreatead a mapp in childtheme folder images li lipImported twitter.png pli lipadded following code in to style.css p  pcode .menufacebook  textindent 9999px backgroundimage urlimagesfacebook.png important backgroundrepeat norepeat important marginleft 100px important  width 50px   .menufacebook ahoover      background f5f5f5 important  .menutwitter  textindent 9999px backgroundimage urlimagestwitter.png important backgroundrepeat norepeat important marginleft 100px important  width 50px   .menuinstagram  textindent 9999px backgroundimage urlimagesinstagram.png important backgroundrepeat norepeat important marginleft 100px important      width 50px   .menuinstagram ahoover  background f5f5f5 codepli ol  pCheck out my site hkochd.suplife.se p  pI cant click on it and its positioned very wierd, what am I doing wrong p  psorry for bad english. p
Negative 63 pI recently came across the issue of needing to frequently amp easily convert amp extract bytes from a BigEndian byte array that was being received over TCP.  For those unfamiliar with BigLittle Endian, the short version is that each number was sent as MSB then LSB.p  pWhen processing and extracting values from the byte array using the default BitConverter on a Little Endian system read just about any Cwindows machine, this is a problem.p
Negative 63 pLet me show you a simple example to demonstrate it.p  pYou got this URL  p  precodewww.bowling.comaccount.phpid30amppreft,s,mampcr32 codepre  pThen, with .htaccess you do this following  p  precodeRewriteEngine On RewriteRule YourAccountIdentity1 account.phpid1amppref2ampcr3 [flags u want] codepre  pNow, instead of having the first URL, yall can guess, I got this back p  precodewww.bowling.comaccount.phpIdentity30 codepre  pThe two next GET var are now invisible in your URL. Is this a good security secure or just a waste of time Whats your opinionp
Negative 63 pIm adapting this vertical slider for an pessoal project, but when i click into up or down arrow this works but without any animation. I wanted it to happen a up or down glide smooth   depending on the clicked button. This the adapted JS p  precode JavaScript Document  function        sectioncanais.hoverfunction             sectionbuttonsubir.fadeIn            sectionbuttondescer.fadeIn       , function            sectionbuttonsubir.fadeOut            sectionbuttondescer.fadeOut                    .cnext.clickfunctione             e.preventDefault            sectioncanais ul.cssheight  .animatetop275,  function                 canais ul li.last.aftercanais ul li.first                 this.cssdown0, heightauto                                .cprev.clickfunctione             e.preventDefault            canais ul li.first.beforecanais ul li.last.csstop275             sectioncanais ul.cssheight.animatetop275, function                 canais ul li.first.cssmarginleft0                     this.cssleft0, heightauto                        codepre  pHeres my a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netU8698 relnofollowJsFiddlea. Thanks.p
Negative 63 pI am developing an app that will be used on conferences for email signup. The app will run on a tablet that will just sit on a table. My goal is to create an app that can not be closed. Is it possible to use the onDestroy callback and just start the activity if someone closes the app Or is there some better solution to my problem. Suggestions for att rooted device can be accepted. p
Negative 63 pSo I have a continuous access form with last name and first name in two separate fields. When the user clicks on either the last name OR the first name, I want VBA to open a new form based on that persons first  last name. I have got VBA working for a single field as follows  p  precodeprivate sub namelistClick DoCmd.OpenForm newform, , , lastname   amp Me.LastName amp  End Sub   codepre  pSo this will open my new form and will show all the records where the last name is the last name the user clicked on. But the problem is some people share a last name like Smith. In SQL I would just right where lastname  lastname and firstname  firstname, does anyone know how to do that herep
Negative 63 pHi I got lots of warning when run coderspeccode which does annoying me too much,p  pHow to fix it   because Ive tried the Ruby version code2.1.2code under rbenv, but it didnt work at all.p  pHeres my Gemfilep  precodesource httpsrubygems.org  gem bootstrapsass gem coffeerails gem rails gem hamlrails gem sassrails gem uglifier gem jqueryrails  group development do   gem sqlite3   gem pry   gem prynav   gem thin   gem bettererrors   gem bindingofcaller end  group test, development do     gem rspecrails end  group production do   gem pg   gem rails12factor end gem hirb gem crack gem ap gem awesomeprint   gem faker codepre  pWarning meassagesp  precode rspec                                                                                                                                             git[featurew1testthevideomodel]  nil Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481librubygems2.0.0gemsbootstrapsass3.1.1.1libbootstrapsasssassfunctions.rb20 warning ambiguous first argument put parentheses or even spaces Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481librubygems2.0.0gemssass3.2.19libsassversion.rb5 warning loading in progress, circular require considered harmful  Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481librubygems2.0.0gemssass3.2.19libsass.rb     from Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481binrspec23in ltmaingt     from Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481binrspec23in load     from Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481librubygems2.0.0gemsrspeccore3.0.0exerspec4in lttop requiredgt     from Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481librubygems2.0.0gemsrspeccore3.0.0librspeccorerunner.rb38in invoke     from Usersjeff.rbenvversions2.0.0p481librubygems2.0.0gemsrspeccore3.0.0librspec... codepre
Negative 63 pI have recently started coding with C and I have come across a little source of error which I think requires knowledge about computers that I dont have.p  pWhen I write a simple code in Visual Studio Express 2013, lets say a Hello World example, I emBuildem and emStart Without Debuggingem successfuly. Then, when I edit my code to print the sum of two numbers for example, I get an error when I try to Build. I get this errorp  blockquote   pError 1   error LNK1168 cannot open cusersnamedocumentsvisual   studio 2013ProjectsConsoleApplication4DebugConsoleApplication4.exe   for writingp blockquote  pBut if I wait for a bit and then reattempt to Build, everything is fine.p  pI have also noticed this when I use g in the standard cmd module if I try to complile a code under the same name for the .exe file I get an Access Denied error, but if I wait a bit I am allowed to do it.p  pMy instincts tell me that the computer still has the .exe file running for a bit after I execute it, and it is not allowing me to overwrite it.p
Negative 63 phow exactly thread locks handle the sequence of the messagesfunction calls that arrive while the locked block is still activep  pi have read about high level programming models e.g. C.Net, Java as well as low level programming models e.g. C, Assembly so i usually think in bytes as the basis for all my questions and thus it is giving me a lot of headache whenever i try to find the answers to my questions.p  pin multi threading, one of my fundamental confusion is that how does locking affect the messages or function calls that arrive later after the block has been locked or has already been used by a particular process.p  pdoes the OS handle these messages sequence does the OS provide an internal queue or storage to store sequentially the messages corresponding to the sequence that they arrive p  pi hope you can enlighten me on this one. p  pBelow is the sample program in C.Net Console App for simplicityp  precodeusing System using System.Threading using System.IO  namespace MultiThread      class Program              static object padlock  new object          static void Mainstring[] args                      for int i  0 i lt 10 i                              string s  hello   i.ToString                 ThreadPool.QueueUserWorkItemSayHello, s                           Console.ReadKey                   static void SayHelloobject message                      Console.WriteLinemessage.ToString   start             lock padlock                              Console.WriteLinemessage.ToString   running                 try                                      for int i  0 i lt 1000 i                                              string[] f  File.ReadAllLinesbigfile.txt                                                       catch Exception ex                                      Console.WriteLineex.ToString                                  Console.WriteLinemessage.ToString   finish                          Console.WriteLinemessage.ToString   end                codepre  pAnd the result isp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNprR1.png altenter image description herep  pQuestion  p  ol lipNotice the hello i start sequence is 0, 2, 1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. The threads are not started sequentially based on the loop sequence. whypli lipThe Hello i start is located outside the lock so here we can say that this part of code can be accessed by multiple threads but the Hello i running is located inside the lock so only one thread can enter a process at a time. The hello i running sequence is 0, 1, 5, 8, 7, 4, 2, 6, 3, 9. I would expect that the running sequence would be the same as the starting sequence if the threads come in FIFO but in this case, the running sequence is quite different or dont follow a certain sequence compared to the loop sequence or the starting sequence. pli ol  pHighlight The Hello i start shows the arrival of the messagefunction calls. The Hello i running shows the sequence of the threads running at single time. p
Negative 63 pIm developing a backend for pushing images together with some image data to a server. Using the ModelViewSet there is default support for the CRUD operations.p  pWhen issuing a GET operation tested with Curl I can get all the data concerning the uploaded images e.g. name, pathtofile, category etc.. Now Im interested in getting the actual image as a returned object when performing a GET operation.p  pIs it suitable to use the REST api for such actions or should another approach be takenp  pIf its suitable, should I override GET.retrieve and create a custom renderer as described in the Django Rest Framework API Guidep  pRealized that the last part should be tested before asked but that approach came to me now when writingp
Negative 63 pI have a gridview with an edit option to be able to edit the gridview row. There are also different user permissions available in my web application like Admin, SuperUser, User. If the user is not an codeAdmincode and he tries to edit a row I need to give an alert like shown below. But the js I used below will give alert for all users since there are no validations set.p  pstrongMY TRY SO FARstrongp  pstrongGridViewstrongp  precodeltItemTemplategt     ltaspImageButton IDbtnEdit OnClientClickmyFunction runatserver CommandNameEdit CommandArgumentlt GridViewRow Container.RowIndex gt ImageUrlImagesEdit.gif gt ltItemTemplategt codepre  pstrongJavascriptstrongp  precodefunction myFunction          var edit         if confirmFor ADMIN only. Do not editdelete the row. Still want to continue  true                   else              window.location.reload                  document.getElementByIdbtnEdit.innerHTML  edit           codepre  pstrongCapturing current logged in userstrongp  pAlso I have captured the current logged in user in the same page by using the below code. Current logged in user information is saved in a label. p  precodeprotected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e      checkUser   public void checkUser      string currentUser  HttpContext.Current.Request.LogonUserIdentity.Name     string[] words  currentUser.Split     currentUser  words[1]     DataSet ds  new DataSet     using SqlConnection conn  new SqlConnectionstrcon              SqlCommand command  new SqlCommand         command.Connection  conn         string strQuery  select UserId from Permissions where UserId   currentUser           SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandstrQuery, conn         SqlDataAdapter da  new SqlDataAdaptercmd         da.Fillds          lblUser.Text  ds.Tables[0].Rows[0][UserName].ToString  codepre  pIn codePermissionscode table I have a column called Roles and I need to check if the user is not an Admin and need to give an alert. Really appreciate any suggestions or help on this.p
Negative 63 pI have a problem Im working with codePDFTextStreamcode and codeLucenecode to index pdf files. The problem is a build a text with the methods of codePDFTextStreamcode but I cant get the filepath of the documents stored in the directory where I am indexing the files, I have tried withp  pcodesetFieldNamefile.getPath,pathcode but I cant get the file path. Any suggestions p  pThis is my codep  precodepublic class PDFDocument  Constructor vaco  IndexWriter writer  File directorio public PDFDocument     directorio new FileCindexpdf  Metdo esttico para agregar un documento PDF a un IndexWriter de Lucene   pasando como parmetros IndexWriter, y el archivo PDF    public void agregarPDFaIndex throws IOException     writer new IndexWriternew FileCindexpdfsalida, new StandardAnalyzer, true     Se crea e inicializa una nueva instancia de DocumentFactoryCofig     DocumentFactoryConfig config new DocumentFactoryConfig       config.setCopyAllPDFAttrsfalse     los datos del documento PDF se almacenan, se tokenizan y se indexan     config.setPDFAttrSettingstrue, true, true     Se configuran los nombre explicitos que deben ser usados en los Fields        que crean una nueva instancia de un Document de Lucene                    File[] files directorio.listFiles      forFile file files         iffile.canRead ampamp file.isDirectory ampamp file.getName.endsWith.pdf             System.out.printlnIndexando el archivo file.getAbsolutePath             config.setMainTextFieldNamecontent             Document doc new Document              config.setTextSettingsfalse, true, true             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRAUTHOR, autor             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRCREATIONDATE, fechacreacion             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRMODDATE,ultimomod             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRTITLE,titulo             config.setFieldNameDocumentFactoryConfig.DEFAULTMAINTEXTFIELDNAME, content             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRCREATOR,creador             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRPRODUCER, productor             config.setFieldNamePDFTextStream.ATTRSUBJECT, asunto             config.setFieldNamefile.getPath, path              doc PDFDocumentFactory.buildPDFDocumentfile, config              System.out.printlndoc.getpath             writer.addDocumentdoc                   writer.optimize     writer.close     System.out.printlnOK   public static void mainString[]args throws IOException     PDFDocument doc new PDFDocument     doc.agregarPDFaIndex   codepre
Negative 63 pIm using the following references in my index view code, and I want to download it to my projectto save performance when I download them and unzip there is lot of files inside, which files should I copy to my project and where I should put them the first one in the content folder and the second in the script folderp  precodeltlink hrefhttpcode.jquery.comui1.10.4themessmoothnessjqueryui.css relstylesheet gt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comui1.10.4jqueryui.jsgtltscriptgt codepre
Negative 63 pI am unable to find documentation for codeHtml.DropDownListForcode earlier I found a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.web.mvc.htmlhelper28vvs.11829.aspx relnofollowthisa. I thought it was about codeHTML helperscode but it does not have documentation for method named codeHtml.DropDownListForcodep
Negative 63 pI got grails Spring security sample application from a hrefhttpsgithub.comgrailspluginsgrailsspringsecuritycore relnofollowhttpsgithub.comgrailspluginsgrailsspringsecuritycoreap  pI did not change anything, I am getting below error, need help pleasep  precode20140616 171000,397 [localhoststartStop1] ERROR context.ContextLoader   Context initialization failed Message IOException parsing XML document from ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml] nested exception is java.io.FileNotFoundException Could not open ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml]     Line  Method gtgt  262  run       in java.util.concurrent.FutureTask                                         1145  runWorker in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor     615  run . . . in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker     744  run       in java.lang.Thread Caused by FileNotFoundException Could not open ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml] gtgt  262  run       in java.util.concurrent.FutureTask                                         1145  runWorker in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor     615  run . . . in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker     744  run       in java.lang.Thread Error  20140616 171000,441 [localhoststartStop1] ERROR context.GrailsContextLoader   Error initializing the application IOException parsing XML document from ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml] nested exception is java.io.FileNotFoundException Could not open ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml] Message IOException parsing XML document from ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml] nested exception is java.io.FileNotFoundException Could not open ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml]     Line  Method gtgt  262  run       in java.util.concurrent.FutureTask                                         1145  runWorker in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor     615  run . . . in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker     744  run       in java.lang.Thread Caused by FileNotFoundException Could not open ServletContext resource [WEBINFapplicationContext.xml] gtgt  262  run       in java.util.concurrent.FutureTask                                         1145  runWorker in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor     615  run . . . in java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker     744  run       in java.lang.Thread codepre
Negative 63 pI have a spring Controller that has a request mapping. When requests are sent to it it creates a deferred result and runs a method on a delegator class.p  pIn the controllerp  precodeResponseBody RequestMappingMenuModelCodes.MENUNAME DeferredResultltHttpEntityltgtgt getModelCodesWithClassString target      final DeferredResultltHttpEntityltgtgt deferredResult  getNewDeferredResult     delegator.doStufftarget     return deferredResult  codepre  pThe doStuff method in the delegator is Async annotated  so its running in another thread. In this thread a new Phaser is created to keep track of child threads it will create. The delegator thread itself registers with the phaser, and triggers a call to a method in AnotherClass that is also Async annotated. I.e. the delegator is now spawning children.p  pThe delegatorp  precodepublic class Delegator       Async     public Object doStuffString requestURI            Phaser phaser  new Phaser         phaser.register         Object result  anotherClass.createThreadDoWorkphaser         phaser.arriveAndDeregister          Wait until phaser is completed         while phaser.isTerminated           return result       codepre  pEach child spawned thread created by a call in the delegator to createThreadDoWork here registers itself with the phaser, does some work and then arrives and deregisters.p  pAnotherClassp  precodepublic class AnotherClass      Async     public void createThreadDoWorkPhaser phaser throws Throwable                  phaser.register         some kind of logic  rest call etc.         phaser.arriveAndDeregister       codepre  pWhen all child threads complete, the delegator which is sitting at this piece of codep  precodewhile phaser.isTerminated  codepre  pWill continue, set its deferred result and the delegator thread will end.p  pSo heres the questionsp  pI want a Phaser for every request  i.e. I create a new Phaser everytime a request creates a new delegator thread. p  pIf I receive 5 requests to my controller, they each spawn a delegator thread, each delegator creates a new Phaser and passes it to their children.  However, as soon as one of the threads completes its processing and its specific instance of the Phaser is terminated, the other delegator threads continue and return without having done their tasks.p  pCan Phasers be used like this Am I doing something wrong I thought this would be a useful way to track the completion of child threads and wait for them to completep  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pstrongIntrostrongp  pI am using a hrefhttpsstorm.incubator.apache.org relnofollowApache Storma Local mode, not Remote mode in my Java project and when creating the topology I need to pass an object to one of the boltsp  precodeTopologyBuilder builder  new TopologyBuilder ..... builder.setBoltlastbolt, new MyBoltClassifier.SECONDS.someGrouping... ..... LocalCluster cluster  new LocalCluster cluster.submitTopologytest, conf, builder.createTopology codepre  pThe object itself has some nonserializable fields. Instead of subclassing the classes to which those fields belong and making them Serializable I have taken another approach. Since the actual object isnt gonna be changing a lot and it can be enumerated Ive decided to make it an enum and pass it like that to bolts tasks. The good thing about enum is that it is serializable under all costs. This approach works in local mode because if I understood Storm correctly there is only one JVM running on my computer and things cant get complicated actually.p  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pIf the enum consists of a static final nonserializable field will that field be constructed properly when the enum is deserialized by another process on a different machine or a cluster running multiple JVMsp  pstrongThe actual enumstrong emstatic final field is at the endemp  precodepublic enum Classifier      SECONDS                      public String classifyString timestamp              DateTime dateTime  formatter.parseDateTimetimestamp             int second  dateTime.getSecondOfMinute             if second lt 30                  return 00  30              else                  return 30  60                                 public int getNumberOfCategories              return 2              ,      WEEK                      public String classifyString timestamp              DateTime dateTime  formatter.parseDateTimetimestamp             int dayOfWeek  dateTime.getDayOfWeek             String typeOfDay  dayOfWeek gt 1 ampamp dayOfWeek lt 5  workday  weekend             int hour  dateTime.getHourOfDay             String hourInterval  hour      hour  23  0  hour  1             return typeOfDay     hourInterval                    public int getNumberOfCategories              return 48                    private static final DateTimeFormatter formatter  DateTimeFormat.forPatternyyyyMMdd HHmmss      public abstract String classifyString timestamp      public abstract int getNumberOfCategories  codepre  pstrongMore detailsstrongp  pDateTimeFormatter and DateTime are from a hrefhttpwww.joda.orgjodatime relnofolloworg.joda.timea package.p
Negative 63 pIs there any animate method in angular.p  pI have a button which shows the container on click, the transition should be smooth and slow.p  pThis is what I have tried, I dint tried any animate method.p  pHTMLp  precodeltbutton ngclicktoggle  togglegttoggleTextltbuttongt ltdiv classbox on ngshowtoggle nganimateboxgt     Hai I am Hiding Hai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am HidingHai I am Hiding.... ltdivgt codepre  pJSp  precodevar app  angular.modulemyapp, [], function      app.controllerAppController, function scope      scope.toggle  true      scope.watchtoggle, function         scope.toggleText  scope.toggle  Toggle  some text       codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netLjrpd3 relnofollowJS fiddleap
Negative 63 pI am using Microsoft Dynamics CRM off premisep  pMicrosoft Dynamics CRM Online Spring 14 6.1.0.575p  pVia the javascript SDK making a call to create an entity which fires off a plugin. We do our custom validations in the plugin in prevalidation.p  pJavascript create call example from here  a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarygg334427.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarygg334427.aspxap  precodeCreate the Account SDK.REST.createRecord   account,   Account,   function account      writeMessageThe account named   account.Name   was created with the AccountId    account.AccountId  .     writeMessageRetrieving account with the AccountId   account.AccountId  .     retrieveAccountaccount.AccountId   ,   errorHandler  codepre  pAnd then I can handle the error using that errorHandler function, like thisp  precodefunction errorHandlererror     writeMessageerror.message  codepre  pHowever, I am trying to get the error to display in the CRM error dialog box from InvalidPluginExecutionException. It displays it when I create the entity from a form, but when I make the call through javascript I cant seem to get it to display in the CRM error dialog box. I want to keep with the CRM theme, not use alert in javascript, and have users be able to download the full exception that we are sending back.p  pIs it possible to call the dlgerror.aspx page in CRM and populate it with our error message I am grasping at straws right now, anything would help out a lot. Thanksp
Negative 63 pI have the following controller in my application, but there is some strange behaviour that I cannot explain. Ive numbered two of the lines to help with the description, they dont both exist at the same time in the live code.p  precodevar app  angular.modulemovieListings, [ngResource, ngRoute, ui.bootstrap, ng]  var cachedMovieList  []   Controller for movie list app.controllerMovieListController, [http, functionhttp     var mlc  this needed for the http request     this.movies  cachedMovieList         this.loaded  false     this.error  false       ifthis.movies.length  0                      console.logGrabbing new movie list from DB         http.getdatamovies.json.successfunctiondata             mlc.movies  data              mlc.loaded  true             cachedMovieList  data 1         .errorfunctiondata             mlc.error  true                  cachedMovieList  this.movies 2      else          this.loaded  true              ] codepre  pWith the code as above with line 1 present and line 2 not present, I am able to cache the result so that when I flick between pages I dont need to constantly reget the data.p  pHowever if I remove line 1 and insert line 2, the variable cachedMovieList is never populated. I would expect it to be based on the fact that mlc.movies was assigned to... but I cannot understand why this is the casep  pAny advice welcome.p
Negative 63 pInitially, for DateIN column in my DB i set it as DateTime datatype. Then due to some issues, i modified it to Date datatype. But when i tried to update the model in Entity Framework by right clicking in the designer Update model from Database, the column datatype is not setting to Date datatype. p  pstrongModified datatype for DateIN columnstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comaa48r.png altenter image description herep  pstrongUpdate Model from databasestrong img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comx46fx.png altenter image description herep  pstrongDatetype not changedstrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqV3HQ.png altenter image description herep  pIn the properties for the column, i even could not find Date datatype. Please check through the below images for further details. Please let me know how to proceed with this. Any alternativesp
Negative 63 pI want to connect Drupal to an external Database and i need to specify the schema otherwise Drupal schema module connects by default the public schema. I tried, whithout succes with the following codep  precode databases[conservation][default]  array      database gt conservation,      schema gt projectstest1,       username gt xxxxxxxxxxx,       password gt xxx,       host gt xxx.xxx.xxx,       port gt 5432,       driver gt pgsql,       prefix gt array      default   gt projectstest1.,      users     gt shared.,      sessions  gt shared.,      role      gt shared.,      authmap   gt shared.,       codepre  pI have done some googling but havent found anybody trying to do this as yet. Thanks Lucap
Negative 63 pI am using regular ObjectiveC in Xcode.p  pI created a Game Center leaderboard on iTunes Connect. When my app is opened, it asks for a login the first time, then checks to see if youre already signed in or not every other time after that.p  pI also have a high score saved as a userDefault integer. I just dont know how to take my int HighScore, create a public leader board, and then put everyones HighScore on to the leaderboard. How can I accomplish thisp  pI cannot find any tutorials on making leaderboards and Apples developer website just doesnt help.p
Negative 63 pI am using elasticsearch in a Ruby on Rails project. I am in search of user interface for elasticsearch index.p  pLike a hrefhttpprojectblacklight.org relnofollowBlacklighta is for solr, is there any alternative of blacklight for elasticsearch p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI have a dropdown menu on my page. My goal for protractor testing is to click one of the options of this dropdown menu and have protractor check the resultsp  precodeltul classdropdowngt   ltli classnavheadergtportfolioltligt   ltli classdividergtltligt   ltli classdropdownsubmenugt ... ltligt      ltli ngrepeatp in user.portfoliosgt     lt this is the option we will click for our testing gt     lta href ngclickdisplayPortfoliopgtPortfolio 1  ltagt    ltligt     ltli ngrepeatp in user.portfoliosgt     lta href ngclickdisplayPortfoliopgtPortfolio 2  ltagt    ltligt       ltli ngrepeatp in user.portfoliosgt     lta href ngclickdisplayPortfoliopgtPortfolio 3  ltagt    ltligt     ltulgt codepre  pmy protractor test looks something likep  precodeitshould display relevant portfolio when clicked,function      ptor.ignoreSynchronization  true       element.allby.xpatha[ngclickdisplayPortfoliop].thenfunctionlist       list[0].click       expect... some assertion here           ptor.ignoreSynchronization  false    codepre  pJust in case you were wondering, ptor.ignoreSynchronization is enabled because my webpage is constantly polling the backend for some updates.p  pProtractor throw the following error when I run the testp  precodeElementNotVisisbleError element not visible codepre  pI dont quiet understand what this error is about. The element is surely visible since when I do view source of the page, I can see it in the DOM structure. p  pKindly advicep
Negative 63 pIm going through this a hrefhttpdocs.mitk.orgnightlyqt4BuildInstructionsPage.htmlBuildInstructionsPrerequisites relnofollowtutoriala. I have performed the following command to clone codeMITKcodep  precodegit clone httpgit.mitk.orgMITK.git codepre  pIm using a codeWindowscode machine. Where can I find the cloned directory on my machinep  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIve got to write an app which has the prerequisite to allow inapp bluetooth pairing.p  pGoogling around, i found out theres a way of programmatically pair a BluetoothDevice with API level lt 19p  precodeMethod createBondMethod  BluetoothDevice.class.getMethodcreateBond Boolean paired  Boolean createBondMethod.invokedevice if paired.booleanValue      Log.iLOGTAG, Pairing bluetooth device succeded.   else      Log.iLOGTAG, Pairing bluetooth device failed.  codepre  pIts a very hacky solution, reflection on private methods is quite never a good solution.. but it seems to be the only one available.p  pI tried it.. and I manage to pair my tablet with another Bluetooth device its neither a smartphone nor a tablet...p  pAfter pairing the two devices, I need to create a BluetoothSocket and connect it.p  pHere the problem comesp  precodeBluetoothSocket socket  null try      final UUID uuid  this.mDevice.getUuids[0].getUuid     socket  this.mDevice.createRfcommSocketToServiceRecorduuid     socket.connect     Log.eLOGTAG, Connected to the socket     this.onBluetoothDeviceConnectedsocket, this.mDevice     return  catch Exception e       handling exception  codepre  pMy codethis.mDevicecode is the paired device and its not null.. But its got no UUID, in fact the method codeBluetoothDevice.getUuidscode returns a null value.p  pHave you ever been facing the same problem Have you got any working solution to this annoing problemp  pThanks everyonep
Negative 63 pIve used this code for to get an codeUIButtoncode from inside my codeUITableViewCellcode but it didnt work. So Ive debugged it like half an hour to know what superview it in is. p  precodeUIButton button  UIButton sender UITableViewCell cell  UITableViewCellbutton.superview.superview.superview UITableView tableView  UITableView cell.superview.superview NSIndexPath indexPath  [tableView indexPathForCellcell] codepre  pstrongThe question for me is now How can I know in the future in what hierarchy it is for a UITableView or othersstrong Isnt there a list where I can see how much superviews I need to go without testing it 100 times and set codeBreakPointscode to see what class it refers top  pRegardsp
Negative 63 pWhat would be the equivalent in swift of this ObjC codep  pIm guessing something with CMutableVoidPointer p  precodestatic void CapturingStillImageContext  ampCapturingStillImageContext codepre
Negative 63 pHere is the beginning of my code from my sub class RECORD. p  pclass Record p  precodeprivate int shares private int pricePerShare   constructor Recordint sharesNewValue, int pricePerShareNewValue      shares  sharesNewValue     pricePerShare  pricePerShareNewValue    inspectors public int getShares      return shares   public int getPricePerShare      return pricePerShare    modifiers public void setSharesint sharesNewValue      shares  sharesNewValue   public void setPricePerShareint pricePerShareNewValue      pricePerShare  pricePerShareNewValue   codepre  pAnd I want to access the value of shares in my main method that is in a different class.I have the RECORD class linked to another subclass named QUEUE. And in my main method, I have a link to QUEUE with thisp  precode class Lab04a                   public static Queue Q  new Queue                 codepre  pLater on in the code, I need to subtract an int value from the SHARES variable in the Record class, but because that is of type Record, I have no clue how to do this p  pIm not sure if I was clear enough when explaining this, should you have any further questions Ill be more than happy to reply. p  pThank you. p  pDue to my inability to coherently state what Im trying to accomplish in this lab assignment, Ill just post my other two classes in their entirety p  precode class Queue   private int count  number of elements in the queue private int head  index of head element, 1 if queue is empty private int tail  index of tail element, 1 if queue is empty private int MAXSIZE  1  Physical size of the queue. DO NOT CHANGE private Record[] array  circular array to store the elements of the queue   constructor Queue      count  0     head  1     tail  1     array  new Record[MAXSIZE]    inspectors public boolean empty       Returns true if the queue is empty. Otherwise returns false.     return count  0   public int size       Returns the number of elements in the queue     return count   public Record front      Returns the head element of the queue if the queue is not empty.      Otherwise returns a Record with its data parts set to 1.     if count  0         return new Record1, 1     else         return array[head]   public Record rear      Returns the tail element of the queue if the queue is not empty.      Otherwise returns a Record with its data parts set to 1.     if count 0         return new Record1, 1     else         return array[tail]    public String toString       Returns the elements of the queue     String str  lt      int h  head     for int i  0 i lt count i         str    array[h].getShares  ,   array[h].getPricePerShare            h  h1  MAXSIZE          str  gt     return str    modifiers public boolean dequeue       Removes the head element of the queue.      if count  0         return false     if count  1          count  0         head  1         tail  1           if count gt 1         head  head  1  MAXSIZE         count          return true   public void enqueueRecord element       Enqueues element to the tail of the queue.     if max size is reached, it doubles the size to allow for more values     if count  MAXSIZE          Record[] array2  new Record[MAXSIZE  2]         for int i  0 i lt count i              array2[i]  array[i]         closes for loop         array  array2         MAXSIZE  2          tail  tail  1  MAXSIZE     array[tail]  element     if count  0         head  tail     count close enqueue method codepre  pcloses classp  pAnd then here is my MAIN parent class p  precode class Lab04a  public static Queue Q  new Queue  creates global object public static Record R  Record  public static void mainString args[]       Scanner scan  new ScannerSystem.in      int option, buyPrice, buyShares, sellPrice, sellShares, totalShares, totalValues, totalSellPrice     option  0     totalShares  0     totalValues  0     Queue Q2  Q      while option  3          System.out.printEnter option 1buy, 2sell, 3quit          option  scan.nextInt         if option  1              System.out.printEnter shares to buy and price per share              buyShares  scan.nextInt             buyPrice  scan.nextInt             Record r  new RecordbuyShares, buyPrice             Q.enqueuer             totalShares  totalShares  buyShares             totalValues  totalValues  buyShares  buyPrice           ends if            if option  2              System.out.printEnter shares to sell and price per share              sellShares  scan.nextInt             sellPrice  scan.nextInt             totalSellPrice  sellPrice  sellShares              if sellShares gt totalShares                  System.out.printlnYou do not own enough shares for this sale.                          for int i  sellShares i gt 0                   if sellShares  Q.front.getShares                      i  Q.front.getShares                     Q.dequeue                                  if sellShares lt Q.front.getShares                      Record minus                      minus  Q.front  sellShares                      Q.front.setSharesminus                      Q.front.setSharesQ.front.getShares                     i  sellShares                                          ends if            Prints content of Queue         System.out.printlnQueue   Q.toString          System.out.printlnTotal Shares   totalShares         System.out.printlnTotal Shares Value   totalValues         System.out.println       ends while loop     System.out.printlnQ.toString  ends main method codepre  pp
Negative 63 pI have migrated my project from Office 2010 to Office 2013.  office plugin with a DropDown Menu design. Previously Office 2010 used to show Addin options FileAddinCustom AddinMenu.p  pWhat is the new position of Addin, where does default addins go in Office 2013p  pThanks, Pawan Kumarp
Negative 63 pI have recently moved to Windows 7. This has involved moving to Office 2013 for all application except MS Access Access has stayed as 2003.p  pThe Access application works fine but I cant get any code to work which involves a reference to other Office applications unless I use late binding. This would inolve rewriting a substantial amount of code across many applications, and must be avoided at all costs.p  pIm hoping that I can manually add the reference to Access Object Library, but I dont know its physical location on my computer. Can anyone help with this Hopefully therell be no compatability issues with using a newer reference on an older application...p  pThanks in advancep  pEditp  pIve since located the Reference Microsoft Excel 15.0 Object Library and ticked the box appropriately in the References Menu. I get the error message Error in loading DLL when I try to use some code, though. This is an incompatability between versionsp  pFurther Editp  pI can get Word 13 to work with Access 03, but this seems to be because the Word Object Library is in an OLB file compared to Excels EXEp
Negative 63 pI need to design a game by levels in which it is only possible, from each level, going forward or back to the home. it is not necessary to go back to the previous level. Thats the scenariop  pMENULEVEL 1  LEVEL 2  ...... LEVEL 9  LEVEL 10p  pSo I extended the UIViewController Class and I assigned it to 10 objects in the storyboard. When certain conditions it doesnt matter which ones occur, I need to pass to the following level, discarding the memory of the current level, which is not necessary anymore.  Whats the best way of doing it Please answer asap and thanksp
Negative 63 pI have several tables on a page with various ids.  I have a checkbox on the page and whenever the checkbox is checked Id like every single row in all tables with an empty td 4 to hide.  When the checkbox is unchecked Id like to show all rows again.  p  pIve searched around stackoverflow and Ive got some code just trying to hide so far but I cant get it to work.p  precodecheckbox.changefunction      table tr.eachfunction                 var cell  .trimthis.findtdeq4.text        if cell.length  0           this.addClassnodisplay                                     codepre  pEdit here is a jsfiddle  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net6bfjw relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net6bfjwap
Negative 63 pI am trying to use a reverse proxy to serve a Wordpress blog running on EC2 at blog from a rails app running on Heroku.  Ive used the rackreverseproxy gem and followed directions like thisp  blockquote   pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6179398howcaniuseasubdirectoryinsteadofasubdomainHow can I use a subdirectory instead of a subdomainap blockquote  pMy app is running at codehttpmyapp.comcode, my main target wordpress server is running at codehttpec2xxxxxxxx.uswest2.compute.amazonaws.comcode.p  pThe pages on the target server all serve up fine when accessed directly.  However, strongno matter what page I try to get through the reverse proxy, the HTML gets cut offstrong.  Ive tried serving via both my own custom builds of Wordpress on Ubuntu EC2 and on hosted examples like Bluehost.  Ive tried to access simple, handmade HTML and text test files, as well as the php files automatically generated by wordpress.  Every time, the file is cut off.p  ul liText files just get randomly cut off after 1000 characters this is variableli liDitto for handcoded HTML filesli liWordpress files seem to get cutoff during the codeltheadgtcode often midword and render an empty codeltbodygtcode.  li liIf a page should exist e.g. codehttpec2xxxxxxxx.uswest2.compute.amazonaws.comtestpostcode, it will load at least partially at codemyapp.comblogtestpostcode, so I dont know that rewrites are the issue.li ul  pIve tried enough variables on the wordpressdestination server that strongIm inclined to think its something on the Rails sidestrong I have the same issue whether running myapp locally or on a Heroku test server.  Beyond that, Im stuck.p  pAny thoughts as to what I might be doing wrong  Theres nothing in the Apache logs to indicate that anything is getting cut off.  Im pounding my head over this to no avail, and would really appreciate any help.p
Negative 63 pIll state upfront that this is almost exactly the same question as a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22765525pygameeconomicwayofhandlinggameloops2276567522765675PyGame Economic way of handling game loopsap  pI want to make a turnbased dungeon crawl with pygame and pygcurse. Ive made a basic template that works if I just let the main while loop go at a certain fps. This seems ridiculous to me to actually implement it this way.p  pIt would be far less complicated to just have the while loop iterate upon a keypress, because literally nothing is happening between inputs. Why make the main loop iterate a million times if someone wants to think about their next move for 15 minutesp  pIve tried all sorts of variants on pygcurse.waitforkeypress and pygame.event.wait. I can get the loop to wait for a keypress, but the keypress doesnt seem to enter the queue, so the character doesnt move anymore I know it is looping exactly once on each keypress despite the lack of movement because I put a counter in for debugging purposes. p  pIs there an obvious intrinsic way to do this or is this just a horribly outdated way to think about game designp
Negative 63 pI am trying to replace a line in a file, with a string whose length differs based on the input. If the length of string is equal to or greater than the line to be replaced, then the file is overwritten correctly. Whereas, if the string is shorter than the line to be replaced, then after replacing, part of the line will be appended at the end.p  pThe code snippet used for writing to the file is given below.p  precodereplacevalue  status lines  [] filename  openos.path.joindstpath, asilSafetypath,r for line in filename.readlines     line.stripn     if line.startswithexport SAFETYSRVMODE         bits  line.split         config, value  bits         src  config    value.stripn         target  config     replacevalue         break filename.seek0 for line in filename.readlines     line  line.replacesrc,target     lines.appendline filename.seek0 for line in lines     filename.writeline filename.close codepre  pI am passing the file path and the string to be written as arguments to the function i.e., safetyconfigurationdstpath, status. The variable replacevalue has the string to be replaced with.p  pCan someone please tell me, wat am i doing wrong Or is there any other way to implement thisp
Negative 63 precodeString stringDate  20140611 my string date  SimpleDateFormat simpleFormat  new SimpleDateFormatyyyyMMdd    Date startTimestam  simpleFormat.parsestringDate  Timestamp startTimestam  Timestamp.valueOfstringDate  Calendar cal  Calendar.getInstance  cal.setTimestartTimestam cal.setCalendar.HOUROFDAY, 0  cal.setCalendar.MINUTE, 0 cal.setCalendar.SECOND, 1   starTimeStamp  new Timestampcal.getTime.getTime   will get output date is 20140611 000001 codepre  pul lihere I dont want use simple Format for converting string to date or timestamp,li liif above code run I will get exception is codeillegalArgumentExceptioncode i.e. p  blockquote   pTimestamp format must be yyyymmdd hhmmss[.fffffffff] li   liis it possible with out format converts string date. li   liif possible very helpfully for me.li   ulp blockquote
Negative 63 pI am trying to implement heaps algorithm in c however, the algorithm starts to repeat if the string its permuting gets to a length of 4. Heres the codep  precodevoid permuteint n, string str, int total,string array[]      if n0           array[total]  str         total  1            else          forint c0 cltnc              permuten1,str,total, array             if n  2  0                 char tmpstrstr[c]                 str[c]str[n]                 str[n]tmpstr                               else                 char tmpstrstr[0]                 str[0]str[n]                 str[n]tmpstr                              int main      int total  0     string array[24]     permute3,abcd,amptotal, array     cout ltlt total ltlt endl     return 0  codepre  pAnd here is the output. It repeats at the 13 th linep  precode24 abcd bacd cbad bcad cabd acbd dbca bdca cbda bcda cdba dcba abcd lt right here bacd cbad bcad cabd acbd dbca bdca cbda bcda cdba dcba codepre  pThank you guys and any help is welcomep
Negative 63 pIm trying to set my DIV with a background image, but its not working for me. The image isnt showing up at all. I cant seem to figure out what Im doing wrong.p  pHere is my codep  precodeltdiv idmainwrappergt         ltdiv idmaincontentgt         ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pIn the above code, the DIV with the id codemainwrappercode, id like to have the image Im using fill up 100 of the screen, and the DIV with the id codemaincontentcode Id like to have a solid color, centered with only 1200px wide. p  pHere is my CSSp  precodemainwrapper     backgroundimage urlimgbarbkgnd.png     width 100     height auto     maxwidth 1920px   maincontent     backgroundcolor 000000     height 800px     width 1200px  codepre  pIf anyone can help me with this issue, that would be very helpful. Thank you for your time p
Negative 63 pI am trying to submit  a variable on form1 using jquery which at the end disables the submit button for this form with a message Sent Successfully. p  pTheres another form on the page called form2  which is assigned an action to submit variables to another page without ajax call but i think my button disable code is conflicting with the form2 not making it able to send the variables to the assigned action page.p  precodeltscript languagejavascriptgt    Disable submit button   function       inputsubmit, form1.clickfunction             this.valSent Successfully...             this.attrdisabled, disabled         ltscriptgt codepre  pform2p  precodeltform idform2 nameform2 methodpost actionsearch.phpgt           ltlabel fortextfieldgtltlabelgt           ltinput typetext nametextfield idtextfield gt           ltinput typesubmit namebutton2 idbutton2 valueSubmit gt         ltformgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have something similar to the followingp  precodeltdiv onclickdoSomethinggt    Content...    ltdiv onclickdoSomethingElsegt    ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pWhen codedoSomethingElsecode is called, I dont want codedoSomethingcode to be called as well.p  pSearching the web, I found references to codeevent.stopPropagationcode and codeevent.cancelBubblecode, which prevent the event from embubbling upem to parent elements.p  pTwo questionsp  ol lipHow can I get the event object from codedoSomethingElsecodepli lipIs it necessary to use both codeevent.stopPropagationcode and codeevent.cancelBubblecode, or has the industry settled on a standard for thispli ol
Negative 63 pWhat is wrong with the script below p  precodebinbash aP1P2P3P4P5 awk BEGINFSOFS 10NF21 ltltlt a codepre  pOutputp  precodeP1P2P3P4 codepre  pIt works in codebashcode but I tested in codekshcode and got the following error messagep  precodeusrbinksh aP1P2P3P4P5 bawk BEGINFSOFS 10NF21 ltltlt a  .sh syntax error lt  unexpected codepre  pI got problems in ksh shell, but this works p  precodeb echo a  sed e s[]g  codepre
Negative 63 pDoes anyone know where I can find a list of all of StoreKits error codes and descriptions. It was hinted at in WWDC 2014, session 303 Optimizing InApp Purchases but the person never provided a URL and I cant for the life me find the correct document.p  pI found SKError.h  but it doesnt seem to be the complete list ie. codeError DomainSSErrorDomain Code16 Cannot connect to iTunes Storecode is not mentioned in there, nor does the enum go as high as 17 items.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 63 pIm trying to write some text in different Texture objects in libGDX. Is it possible to merge fonts with Texture objectsp
Negative 63 pOperating System Linux 6.4 ColdFusion 11p  pI am trying to create a thumbnail from a pdf provided by a customer.p  precodeltcfpdf     actionwrite     sourceCustomer.pdf     destinationoutput.png     saveOptionfull     overwriteyes     gt codepre  pThe Customers pdf has a black overlay with white lettering. When the thumbnail is generated, I get a white background with white lettering.p  pThe files was created by Adobe Illustrator CS5. I cant have every customer jump though a laundry list of instructions, just to process the customers files.p  pThis reproducible on Linux and Windows. Adobe has confirmed the problem. Adobes Developers have problems communicating in English and keep telling me, nothing is wrong with ColdFusion. I am sorry, but I dont speak any language from South East Asia. I think Adobe has moved ColdFusion development to India, but I dont know.p  pThe pdf is 7 megs, so I am concerned about posting the file.p  pRepeat, I need a ColdFusion Solution, Linux Solution or Adobe to fix ColdFusion.p  pAny ideas  Please.p  pForgive the frustration, but it has been a month long struggle.p
Negative 63 pI have nested models in a very simple Play application. I have a codeUsercode model which looks likep  precodeEntity public class User extends Model       Id     public Integer id      Constraints.Email     Constraints.Required     public String email      Constraints.Required     private String password      ManyToOne     public City city  codepre  pAnd the codeCitycode model looks likep  precodeEntity public class City extends Model       Id     public Integer id      public String name      ManyToOne     public Country country  codepre  pWhich is again, very simple.p  pI then have the codeCountrycode model, which isp  precodeEntity public class Country extends Model       Id     public Integer id      public String name  codepre  pNow, what Im doing is POSTing parameters codeemailcode, codepasswordcode, and codecityidcode to an actionp  precode    public static Result registerUser          FormltRegistergt registerForm  formRegister.class.bindFromRequest         Logger.debugregisterForm.toString         if registerForm.hasErrors              return badRequestregister.renderregisterForm          else              User user  formUser.class.bindFromRequest.get             user.save             return redirectcontrollers.routes.Application.login               codepre  pThe database Im using is codeMySQLcode, and I can see the new codeUsercode rows coming in. What I always see is that codecityidcode stays codenullcode which wasnt what I had assumed.p  pI had assumed Hibernate to take care of the relationship between the objects and the corresponding database foreign keys, but that doesnt seem to be working.p  pI have a city with id  1 entered into the codecitycode table already and that is the codecityidcode Im sending through codePOSTcode.p  pWhats going on herep
Negative 63 pHow can I use ActionLink when calling an action on a controller that is a WebApi controller.p  precodepublic class RequestController  ApiController       [ActionNameCreateAction]     [ResponseTypetypeofRequest]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt PostRequestRequest request              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   db.Requests.Addrequest         await db.SaveChangesAsync          return CreatedAtRouteDefaultApi, new  id  request.Id , request        codepre  pin my layout page can I do this     liHtml.ActionLinkRequest, CreateAction, apiRequest, new  area   , nulllip  pJawaharp
Negative 63 pI am trying to redefine the susy property container within a media query.  Im trying to run  p  precodeinclude breakpointmobile     susy     container 100,     codepre  pwhen i compile cmd says try using susy container 100global instead i tried that and it doesnt work.p  pAny ideasp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pi have a Website running on Azure Websites.p  pNow i want to store the ASP.NET Sessions in the new Managed Cache.p  pAs i deploy to one Staging Installation in North Europe and one Live Installation in West Europe i have to store the Access Key in the web.config.p  pBut as the web.configtransfoirmation is the same for both destinations i would like to have the Access Key anywhere within the app settingsanywhere else.p  pHow can i seperate the two Access KeysCache URls within one Deploymentp  pKind regardsp  pChristophp
Negative 63 pIve been working my way through my first android database implementation over the last few days.p  pToday, Ive been trying to implement SQLiteOpenHelper. From the onCreate method I can successfully create the new database yay.p  pThe issue Im running into is this This is for an app that is already operational for iOS. The iOS database is at version 5. If I set this Android database to 5 initially, none of the migration methods get run from onUpgrade. So I tried running these methods methods from the onCreate method. The migration methods essentially setup some default values and add some indexes to the database.p  pBut, any time I try to run an insert command I get an endless stream of GCCONCURRENT freed ... readout in logcat, and my UI never advances passed some barebones structure i.e., background and action bar. p  pHere is what Im doingp  precodepublic DatabaseHelperContext context      supercontext, DATABASENAME, null, DATABASEVERSION   Override public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db         Log.dLOG, creating database and tables.       Execute create tables     db.execSQLCREATETABLELANDMARKS     db.execSQLCREATETABLEFAVORITES     db.execSQLCREATETABLEFRIENDS     db.execSQLCREATETABLEWISHLIST      migrateDatabaseToVersion1db      Log.dLOG, finished creating database and tables   private void migrateDatabaseToVersion1SQLiteDatabase db       ContentValues landmarkValues  new ContentValues     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNPCI, initial     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNPRI, 1     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKNAME, wmonument     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKCOORDINATEX, 38.8895 N     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKCOORDINATEY, 77.0352 W     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKNUMBEROFVISITS, 0     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKFAVORITE, 0     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKEST, 19700101     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKTAG, washington     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKNOTES, type notes here     landmarkValues.putNullCOLUMNLANDMARKPHOTO     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKCOMMONNAME, Washington Monument     landmarkValues.putCOLUMNLANDMARKDELETED, 0       long landmarkId  db.insertTABLELANDMARKS, null, landmarkValues     if landmarkId  0          Log.dLOG, default landmark data inserted       codepre  pIve been working at this all day and just cant seem to figure things out. I tried not using the ContentValues class, and just running the db.execSQL but I received the same result a stream of never ending CGCONCURRENT freed ... in Logcat and my UI not loading... No crash, just nothing  and the onCreate method never finishes.p  pAny help is much appreciated.p
Negative 63 pI am getting Syntax error in one of the sql statement, this is like below statementsamplep  precodeDeclare SQL nvarcharmax  set SQL  select Case When isnullMloc.BeginAge,  and  isnullMloc.EndAge,            then            else Convertnvarchar5,Mloc.BeginAge To Convertnvarchar5,Mloc.EndAge           End AS [AgeLimit]   spexecutesql SQL codepre  pI am getting below errorp  blockquote   pMsg 156, Level 15, State 1, Line 6   Incorrect syntax near the keyword To.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI need to display text within a field I created in this program that is identified in the actionEvent, which is the RadioButton selection. Im having a hard time getting the selection to display in the field. Please helpp  precode  import javax.swing.   import java.awt.   import java.awt.event.    public class JBasketball       public static void mainString args[]         JFrame frame  new JFrameJBasketball         frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE        JTextField field  new JTextField16        JPanel panel  new JPanelnew FlowLayout        ButtonGroup group  new ButtonGroup         JRadioButton sixers  new JRadioButtonPhiladelphia 76ers         JRadioButton raptors  new JRadioButtonToronto Raptors         JRadioButton lakers  new JRadioButtonLos Angeles Lakers         JRadioButton sonics  new JRadioButtonSeattle Supersonics         JRadioButton bullets  new JRadioButtonBaltimore Bullets        ActionListener action  new ActionListener           public void actionPerformedActionEvent actionEvent            JRadioButton aButton  JRadioButton actionEvent.getSource             String team  aButton.getText   This is where I need the field to display the team name            field.setTextteam                        panel.addsixers       group.addsixers       panel.addraptors       group.addraptors       panel.addlakers       group.addlakers       panel.addsonics       group.addsonics       panel.addbullets       group.addbullets       panel.addfield         sixers.addActionListeneraction       raptors.addActionListeneraction       lakers.addActionListeneraction       sonics.addActionListeneraction       bullets.addActionListeneraction       field.addActionListeneraction        frame.addpanel       frame.setSize500, 130       frame.setVisibletrue       frame.setLocationRelativeTonull         codepre
Negative 63 pI currently have for my web application a speech recognition functionality achieved with a codeSpeech Recognitioncode library named codeannyangcode. This works only in chrome because codexwebkitspeechcodewich is used for speech recognition works only for Chrome.p  pMy question here is if I can do somethingeven if I have to do radical changes to have a speech recognition functionality in Mozilla Firefox too and eventually in IE.p
Negative 63 pIf I do the following, I will be able to create an object as a thread and run it.p  precodeclass ThreadTest     public static voic mainString[] args           HelloThread hello  new HelloThread       Thread t  new Threadhello       t.start              class HelloThread extends Thread     public void run           System.out.println Hello       codepre  pNow, if my codeHelloThreadcode class has a another method call coderunThisPleasecode, how are we supposed to run it with a threadp  pstrongExamplestrongp  precodeclass HelloThread extends Thread     public void run           System.out.println Hello          public void runThisPleaseString input           System.out.println  Using thread on another class method   input       codepre  pstrongQuestrong When I try codeThread t  new Threadhello.runThisPleasecode, it doesnt work. So how can we call the method coderunThisPleasecode using a threadp  pstrongEditstrong Argument needed in method for coderunThisPleasecodep
Negative 63 pI have written the code with an idea of the core module named user, the role function. my useradmintypes is like useradminroles. If you take a brief look at user.admin.inc file you will understand that i have replaced my functions and variables on the basis of thesep  blockquote   puserroles   usertypesp      prole         typep      prid          utidp      pname         utlabelp blockquote  pEverything is that Ive done is same as the Core has done but i have this warning in my page codeWarning Illegal offset type in isset or empty in elementinfocode.p  pI have checked every line but i couldnt find the reason and the way i can disappear it. p  precodefunction useradmintypesform, formstate    types  usertypes    form[types]  array     tree gt TRUE,       order  0   foreach types as utid gt utlabel      form[types][utid][type]  object array       utid     gt utid,       utlabel  gt utlabel,       utweight gt order,         form[types][utid][weight]  order   form[types][utid][weight]  array     type          gt textfield,     title         gt tWeight for title, arraytitle gt utlabel,     titledisplay gt invisible,     size          gt 4,     defaultvalue gt order,     attributes    gt arrayclass gt arraytypeweight,          order       form[utlabel]  array     type          gt textfield,     title         gt tUser Type,     titledisplay gt invisible,     size          gt 32,     maxlength     gt 64,       form[add]  array     type     gt submit,     value    gt tAdd type,     validate gt arrayuseradmintypevalidate,     submit   gt arrayuseradmintypesubmit,      form[actions]  arraytype gt actions   form[actions][submit]  array     type   gt submit,     value  gt tSave order,     submit gt arrayuseradmintypesordersubmit,       return form        Form submit function. Update the type weights.   function useradmintypesordersubmitform, ampformstate    foreach formstate[values][types] as utid gt typevalues      type  form[types][utid][type]     typegtutweight  typevalues[weight]     usertypesavetype      drupalsetmessagetThe type order have been updated.  function usertypes    query  dbselectuserstypes, ut   querygtaddTagtranslatable   querygtfieldsut, arrayutid, utlabel   querygtorderByutweight   querygtorderByutlabel   result  querygtexecute    types  array   foreach result as key gt type      switch typegtutid         We only translate the built in type names       case WEBNOVINCUSTOMERUTID           types[typegtutid]  ttypegtutlabel         break       case WEBNOVINPREFERREDCUSTOMERUTID         types[typegtutid]  ttypegtutlabel         break       case WEBNOVINSALESAGENTUTID         types[typegtutid]  ttypegtutlabel         break       default         types[typegtutid]  typegtutlabel            return types  codepre
Negative 63 pcodefatal destination path . already exists and is not an empty directory.code is the response to codegit clone myrepo .code in my Nitrous.io box. Ive deleted everything and running this from the root directory. Also, running codelscode gives me nothing so it is an empty directory.p  pAm I missing something or is this an issue with how Nitrous.io is setup itselfp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7574H.png altscreenshot of my empty dirp
Negative 63 pI write some code in javascript that I create some byte[] and then download it.p  pFor examplep  blockquote   pvar byteArray  dataapplicationvnd.openxmlformatsofficedocument.spreadsheetml.sheetbase64,UEsDBAoAAAAIAHyNAkUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGAAAAX3JlbHMvUEsDBAoAAAAIAHyNAkX1IkKh5gAAAEoCAAALAAAAX3JlbHMvLnJlbHOtksFOwzAMQH8l8n11NySE0LJdENJuCJUPMInbVW3jKDHQT3hgKDSmHbgGMdfra83cTaN455V6ChXVVgHgxPehp      pwindow.location  byteArrayp blockquote  pwhen the browser download this file, the file name is download.xlsxp  pBut I want to get Person.xlsx.p  pHow can I do thisp  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI use VBA with Excel 2007 to generate a report, including charts, which is distributed via HTML email using Outlook 2007. I generate the images like thisp  precodeThisWorkbook.Worksheetsreport.ChartObjectsperformance.Chart.Export sPath amp salt amp performance.png codepre  pwhere sPath is a string representing the absolute path, and salt is a random string to prevent excel from using cached images when I add them to the emailp  precodehtml  ltpgtltimg src amp sPath amp salt amp performance.pnggtltimggtltpgt codepre  pI do not add them to the email in any other wayp  pThe quality of the charts generated this way is abysmal. If I use the Windows Snipping Tool and copypaste manually into the email, the quality is fine. Is there any way to extract the image in a way that does not use antialiasing or other filtering p
Negative 63 pI want to load the slot of 10 items each time in django. When i click on load more button it should disply slot of next 10 items.p  precode for book in booksslice10  codepre  pThis is only displaying the first 10 items. But want to display all items in 10s slot. For that i dont want to use pagination. Is there any other way to do the samep
Negative 63 pIm trying to install quartz.net 2.2.4 and run a helloworld simple job. But Im not able. quartzjobs.xml is not parsed. It is obviously read but quartz fails to parse it. Log gives me the following error each time I try to launch scheduler in my console application.p  precodeERROR  Error scheduling jobs Error in xml document 2,2 codepre  pjobs.xml is a valid xml. moreover any other valid xml will give me the same error. If i try to feed quartz with invalid xml it shows something likep  precodeERROR  Error scheduling jobs Element XXX is missing an end tag codepre  pPlease advise. p  pHere is app.config   p  precodeltconfigSectionsgt ltsection namequartz typeSystem.Configuration.NameValueSectionHandler, System, Version1.0.5000.0,Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 gt ltsection namenlog typeNLog.Config.ConfigSectionHandler, NLog gt ltsectionGroup namecommongt   ltsection namelogging typeCommon.Logging.ConfigurationSectionHandler, Common.Logging gt ltsectionGroupgt ltconfigSectionsgt ltquartzgt   ltadd keyquartz.scheduler.instanceName valueMySchedular gt   ltadd keyquartz.threadPool.type valueQuartz.Simpl.SimpleThreadPool, Quartz gt   ltadd keyquartz.threadPool.threadCount value2 gt   ltadd keyquartz.threadPool.threadPriority value2 gt   ltadd keyquartz.jobStore.misfireThreshold value60000 gt   ltadd keyquartz.plugin.xml.type valueQuartz.Plugin.Xml.XMLSchedulingDataProcessorPlugin, Quartz gt   ltadd keyquartz.plugin.xml.fileNames valuequartzjobs.xml gt codepre  pp  pMy quartzjobs.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltjobschedulingdata xmlnshttpwww.quartzscheduler.orgxmlJobSchedulingData xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpwww.quartzscheduler.orgxmlJobSchedulingData      httpwww.quartzscheduler.orgxmljobschedulingdata18.xsd version1.8gt ltschedulegt ltjobgt   ltnamegtSimpleJobltnamegt   ltgroupgtGroupDummyltgroupgt   ltdescriptiongtThis is a simple jobltdescriptiongt   ltjobclassgtApp.Scheduler.SimpleJobltjobclassgt ltjobgt lttriggergt   ltcrongt     ltnamegtdummyTriggerNameAltnamegt     ltjobnamegtJobAltjobnamegt     ltjobgroupgtGroupDummyltjobgroupgt     ltcronexpressiongt05     ltcronexpressiongt   ltcrongt lttriggergt ltschedulegt ltjobschedulingdatagt codepre  pHere is Console Application Main p  precode    static void Mainstring[] args                  ISchedulerFactory sf  new StdSchedulerFactory             IScheduler sched  sf.GetScheduler             sched.Start       codepre
Negative 63 pI have a freshlyinstalled MySQL server, which listens on localhost3306. What is the correct way to connect to it from my Qt applicationp
Negative 63 pI was looking in internet, but the formulas look so complicated. Any clever suggestions i.e for example I need a formula that identify which date is the first Monday in August 2014, similar to be used for the second Monday, etc Thank youp
Negative 63 pIm developing a Chrome app, and I need to get the external IP address. p  pIve tried loading external scripts, but I was getting errors even though I added the sources to codecontentsecuritypolicycode on the codemanifest.jsoncode file. p  pI gave up, and then I tried making an codeXMLHttpRequestcode request to an IP hostservice website, but requests need to be async and I wasnt able to save the response to a variable even using codesetTimeoutcode. p  pI was always getting codeundefinedcode because the variable was clearly being set before the request was completed. p  pSo can you please help me find a simple solution to get the IPp
Negative 63 pIm implementing a custom .NET codeConfigurationSectioncode and need to validate that either one of two conditions are met in the configuration, but Im not sure how to approach validation against multiple fields.p  pBasically the condition is, given three KVPs A, B, and C either A is required or B and C are required.p  pBecause they realistically are independently optional, I cant mark them as being required, however one of the two conditions is required for a valid configuration.p  pIve read about writing custom validators on Jon Ristas a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles16724DecodingtheMysteriesofNETConfiguration relnofollowDecoding the Mysteries of .NET 2.0 Configurationa, but these only validate a value of a single field.p  pShould I just nest these three settings as their own codeConfigurationElementcode and write a validator or use a codeCallbackValidatorcode for the property exposing this section Or is there a better way to validate against multiple propertiesp
Negative 63 pI have a strange crash on my app.p  pOn my layout, I have a TextView independent of my viewPager, which is with the property codeandroidlayoutbelowcode, so, the TextViews parent is a RelativeLayout with ID strongrlstrong, and ViewPager as wellp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comk83Fg.png altenter image description herep  pNow, when I change the adapter of my ViewPager, Im changing the TextViews text at the same time, and I get the following codeIllegalStateExceptioncodep  precode    ChiamataPOST chiamata  new ChiamataPOSTWSEntity  My AsyncTask     chiamata.executeWS  I execute it      cittaSceltaTV.setTextwhatever text  and I change my textView, Ive tried to do it before and after the AsyncTask. codepre  blockquote   pjava.lang.IllegalStateException The applications PagerAdapter changed the adapters contents without calling PagerAdapternotifyDataSetChanged Expected adapter item count 4, found 0 p blockquote  pbut if I comment the TextViews codesetTextcodes function, it works perfectly.p  pIs that strange am I wrongp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to capture a screen from a full screen DirectX game.p  pI managed to take a screen shot from windowed games but when I try to create a device from a full screen game, it throws an exception.p  pThis is my code  p  precodeinclude stdafx.h include ltd3d9.hgt include ltd3dx9.hgt include DirectXTools.h  LPDIRECT3D9 directX LPDIRECT3DDEVICE9 directXDevice  void initDeviceHWND myWindow void ConvertCharToWCchar src, wchart target  void DirectXToolsCaptureWindowconst char windowName      Sleep5000     HWND windowHandle  GetForegroundWindow     initDevicewindowHandle   void initDeviceHWND myWindow      D3DDISPLAYMODE  ddm     D3DPRESENTPARAMETERS   d3dpp     IDirect3DSurface9 gpSurface      ifdirectXDirect3DCreate9D3DSDKVERSIONNULL              throw            ifFAILEDdirectXgtGetAdapterDisplayModeD3DADAPTERDEFAULT,ampddm              throw            ZeroMemoryampd3dpp,sizeofD3DPRESENTPARAMETERS      d3dpp.WindowedFALSE     d3dpp.FlagsD3DPRESENTFLAGLOCKABLEBACKBUFFER     d3dpp.BackBufferFormatddm.Format     d3dpp.BackBufferHeightddm.Height     d3dpp.BackBufferWidthddm.Width     d3dpp.MultiSampleTypeD3DMULTISAMPLENONE       d3dpp.SwapEffectD3DSWAPEFFECTDISCARD     d3dpp.SwapEffectD3DSWAPEFFECTCOPY     d3dpp.hDeviceWindowmyWindow     d3dpp.PresentationIntervalD3DPRESENTINTERVALDEFAULT     d3dpp.FullScreenRefreshRateInHzD3DPRESENTRATEDEFAULT      ifFAILEDdirectXgtCreateDeviceD3DADAPTERDEFAULT,D3DDEVTYPEHAL,myWindow,D3DCREATESOFTWAREVERTEXPROCESSING ,ampd3dpp,ampdirectXDevice              throw            ifFAILEDdirectXDevicegtCreateOffscreenPlainSurfaceddm.Width, ddm.Height, D3DFMTA8R8G8B8, D3DPOOLSCRATCH, ampgpSurface, NULL              throw            directXDevicegtGetFrontBufferData0, gpSurface     D3DXSaveSurfaceToFiletemp.bmp,D3DXIFFBMP,gpSurface,NULL,NULL  codepre  pThe directXCreateDevice function fails, it doesnt throw an exception but it returns error D3DERRDEVICELOST.p  pAnyone has any experience with these kind of thing maybe I am missing present parametersp
Negative 63 pIve been doing a application which involves uploading videos to S3comparatively large size using AWS iOS SDK enabling background modefetch.p  pHowever I have observed that the background upload task continues for a while approx 3 mins and then it gets suspendedapp gets killed.p  pMyApp[2548] has active assertions beyond permitted time   identifier Background Content Fetching 66 process MyApp[2548] permittedBackgroundDuration 30.000000 reason backgroundContentFetching owner pid33 preventSuspend preventThrottleDownUI preventIdleSleep preventSuspendOnSleep  p  pThe issue is very much explained in here a hrefhttpstrovepromotf.trovest relnofollowhttpstrovepromotf.trovesta...p  pThe answer given here If you do not call the completionHandler within 30 seconds your app will crash in the background seems right. So Ive implemented codeURLSessionDidFinishEventsForBackgroundURLSessioncode in my VC and p  precodehandleEventsForBackgroundURLSession  codepre  pin AppDelegate.p  pHowever the problem is still that the upload gets suspended after 3 minutes I think OS does thisp  pMy understanding is that URLSessionDidFinishEventsForBackgroundURLSession delegate is called before this shutdownsuspension. Am I right about thisp  pIs there anyway I could continue the upload from inside the codeURLSessionDidFinishEventsForBackgroundURLSessioncode  somehow p  pOr is there any automatic way that the upload process continues regardless of the fact that app has been woken up and put back to sleep.p
Negative 63 pIs there any windows application process interface to read selectedhighlighted text from foreground window . p
Negative 63 pI have a handful of URLs Im trying to test against my router, all of which seem to work fine until I Introduce query parameters.p  precodeuse strict  describeRouting , function         var location, route, rootScope, httpBackend      beforeEachmodulemoneyAngularApp     beforeEachmodulengMockE2E     beforeEachinject         function location, route, rootScope, httpBackend              location  location             route  route             rootScope  rootScope             httpBackend  httpBackend           beforeEachfunction         httpBackend.whenGET.respond200           None of these seem to work          httpBackend.whenGETquotequote.htmlsymb[azAZ09]1,.respond200         httpBackend.whenGETquotequote.htmlsymbFB.respond200         httpBackend.whenGETquotequote.html.respond200             describeStock Details , function          itshould load the stockDetails page with quotequote.htmlsymbFB , function             location.pathquotequote.htmlsymbFB, true             rootScope.digest             expectroute.current.controller.toBeStockDetailsCtrl                 codepre  pWhen I then run codegrunt testcode errors out telling me route.current is undefinedp  precodeChrome 36.0.1985 Mac OS X 10.9.3 Routing  Stock Details  should load the stockDetails page with quotequote.htmlsymbFB  FAILED TypeError Cannot read property controller of undefined codepre  pIm under the impression its something wrong with my httpBackend.whenGET calls, but not 100 sure.  Any thoughtsp  pAdditional info  this is what it should map top  precode  .whenquotequote.html,      controller StockDetailsCtrl,     templateUrl viewsstockdetails.html,     animateslideUp    codepre
Negative 63 pIm having an issue accessing the session variable from functions called from Thread objects using the pthreads library for PHP.p  pWhen the function is called from the strongmain threadstrong, no errors occur and strongeverything runs finestrong.p  pWhen run from a Thread object however, I get the following errorsp  precodegt PHP Notice  Undefined variable SESSION gt PHP Notice  Undefined index Properties Manager gt PHP Fatal error  Call to a member function getGroupValue on a nonobject codepre  pThe line numbers specified by the errors all point to this code blockp  precodefunction connectmysqldbdatabase, write  false      properties  SESSION[Properties Manager]      ifissetdatabase  strlendatabase0         throw new ExceptionNo database specified            Read appropriate host, port, dbname, user amp pass for this database     host     propertiesgtgetGroupValuedatabase, DBHOST     port     propertiesgtgetGroupValuedatabase, DBPORT     dbname  propertiesgtgetGroupValuedatabase, DBNAME     ...Removed unnecessary code...  codepre  pA little searching says that I should be able to remedy this issue by putting emsessionstartem at the top of my file. After doing this, the other errors are still printed in addition top  precodegt PHP Notice  A session had already been started  ignoring sessionstart codepre  pSo my main question Is there something special that I need to do when using pthreads in order to access the superglobal session Or is there something completely different at play here that I am missingp  pEdit Yes, I have tried emglobal SESSIONem as well.p
Negative 63 h1Backgroundh1  pI do have an image dataset similar to a hrefhttpwww.imagenet.org relnofollowemImageNetema which comes with a description with typos per each image. I would like to run some deep convolutional neural network on this guy, but I need to generate the labels first. So, heres the questionp  h1Questionh1  pHow to generate categories label from descriptions with typosp  h1Technical informationh1  pThe dataset has around 13M images with corresponding valid description and optional typos. Some examples of descriptions follow belowp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comuozIl.png altFirst example img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUhQud.png altSecond examplep  h1Ideash1  pI was thinking to approach the problem in the following way.p  ol liFix typos ul liRun a spell check to strongidentifystrong spelling errorsli liFind the better word that could fix it, by ul lilooking at other descriptions in the dataset, orli lichecking the image and correcting the typo manuallyli ulli ulli liGenerate the final labels ul lirun a clustering algorithm kmeans, for example on a sentence embedding function that maps sentences into a  orli liuse the most recurrent words.li ulli ol
Negative 63 pIn a Scala application that is using Typesafe Config, I want to add the possibility to reload a Config at runtime. A Config instance is immutable. Here is what I have so farp  precodepackage config  trait Settings    private[config] var config Config  ConfigFactory.empty   def engine EngineSettings   trait EngineSettings    def weight Int   def offset Int   class AppSettings    override def engine  new EngineSettings      override def weight  config.getIntengine.weight     override def offset  config.getIntengine.offset      object Settings    private val namedSettings  new TrieMap[String, AppSettings]   def loadconfigName String  local Settings        load config      create or update AppSettings      add to map and return     codepre  pInitially a Settings instance is created using Settings.load. That instance reference is handed to other classes. Then a second thread can reload the underlying Config by calling Settings.load again. Here is how you access itp  precodeclass Enginesettings Settings    def calculate       val weight  settings.engine.weight      do some stuff     val offset  settings.engine.offset     codepre  pThere are two problemsp  ol lisomeone might reload the underlying Config while calculate is at line  do some stuff consistencyli lidont like using a var in the Settings traitli ol  pHow can I improve this design p
Negative 63 pSignalR allows me to add credentials directly into its API like thisp  precode        objConnection.AddClientCertificate           objConnection.Credentials   codepre  pHowever, Im not using certificates, or other Network credentials.  Im using a custom key pair. I also want to connect to a SignalR Hub and authenticate in one attempt.p  pRight now my startup looks like thisp  precodepublic static class Startup      public static void ConfigurationIAppBuilder app               ConfigureSignalRapp          public static void ConfigureSignalRIAppBuilder app              app.UseCookieAuthenticationnew CookieAuthenticationOptions          app.Maplogin, map gt                              map.Runasync context gt                                              var token1  context.Request.Headers[Token]                           if token is valid...                          var identity  new ClaimsIdentityCustom                          identity.AddClaimToken, token1                         context.Authentication.SignInidentity                                            HubConfiguration config  new HubConfiguration         config.EnableJSONP  false         config.EnableJavaScriptProxies  true         config.EnableDetailedErrors  true         app.MapSignalRconfig      codepre  pI would like to move the above codeContext.Authentication.SignIncode to the method below, however the hub doesnt expose these headers to me.  strongCORRECTIONstrong The hub doesnt expose Context.Authentication to mep  precode  [HubNamestockTicker]   public class StockTickerHub  Hub        private readonly StockTicker stockTicker      public override System.Threading.Tasks.Task OnConnected                 TODO READ HEADERS AND AUTHENTICATE  codepre  pMy goal is that that when my C client logs in below ...that I can open the SignalR connection and Authenticate on a single try.p  precode class Program      static HubConnection  objConnection  new HubConnectionhttplocalhost10028, DataFrom0      static void Mainstring[] args               objConnection.Headers.AddToken, a TOKEN GOES HERE.. blah           IHubProxy proxy  objConnection.CreateHubProxystockTicker      try                      objConnection.Start                  catch Exception e                      Console.WriteLinee.Message                   proxy.OnltMicrosoft.AspNet.SignalR.StockTicker.StockgtupdateStockPrice, customObject gt                      Console.WriteLinecustomObject.Symbol     customObject.Price                   Console.Writewait         Console.ReadLine codepre  pIf I cant accomplish a onecall SignalR connect and authenticate, how should the C client carry over the authentication into the SignalR call, which I presume will verify the identity using a cookie. p
Negative 63 pI have created a list of items that is populated using Parse data. Instead of returning a list of users in a single page, i would prefer if only one user details was returned per page  and where to see the other users in the list you could swipe left and right between as oppose to viewing it one long list.p  pTo achieve this I have looked into a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtraininganimationscreenslide.html relnofollowthe Google view pager tutorialsa  p  pHowever, I am having issues working that out. Below is what I have tried, and where I am experiencing issues. The codeactivitycode that generates users on a codelistcodep  precodepublic class MatchingActivity extends Activity   private String currentUserId     private ArrayAdapterltStringgt namesArrayAdapter     private ArrayListltStringgt names     private ListView usersListView     private Button logoutButton     String userGender  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getStringGender     String activityName  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getStringActivityName     Number maxDistance  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getNumberMaximumDistance       String userLookingGender  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getStringLookingGender     Number minimumAge  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getNumberMinimumAge     Number maximumAge  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getNumberMaximumAge       Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.matching          logoutButton  Button findViewByIdR.id.logoutButton         logoutButton.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView view                  ParseUser.logOut                 Intent intent  new IntentgetApplicationContext, LoginActivity.class                 startActivityintent                                setConversationsList          private void setConversationsList          currentUserId  ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getObjectId         names  new ArrayListltStringgt        String userActivitySelectionName  null             ParseQueryltParseUsergt query  ParseUser.getQuery             query.whereEqualToActivityName,userActivitySelectionName             query.whereNotEqualToobjectId, ParseUser.getCurrentUser.getObjectId             users with Gender  currentUser.LookingGender            query.whereEqualToGender, userLookingGender             users with LookingGender  currentUser.Gender            query.whereEqualToLookingGender, userGender            query.whereEqualToActivityName, activityName            query.whereGreaterThanOrEqualToMinimumAge, minimumAge            query.whereLessThanOrEqualToMaximumAge, maximumAge     query.whereWithinKilometersMaximumDistance, point, maxDistance              query.findInBackgroundnew FindCallbackltParseUsergt               public void doneListltParseUsergt userList, ParseException e                  if e  null                      for int i0 iltuserList.size i                          names.adduserList.geti.getName.toString                         names.adduserList.geti.getHeadline.toString                         names.adduserList.geti.getAge.toString                         names.adduserList.geti.getParseObjectProfilePicture.                                                usersListView  ListViewfindViewByIdR.id.usersListView                     namesArrayAdapter                          new ArrayAdapterltStringgtgetApplicationContext,                             R.layout.userlistitem, names                     usersListView.setAdapternamesArrayAdapter                      usersListView.setOnItemClickListenernew AdapterView.OnItemClickListener                          Override                         public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt a, View v, int i, long l                              openConversationnames, i                                                                 else                      Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,                         Error loading user list,                             Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                                                  public void openConversationArrayListltStringgt names, int pos          ParseQueryltParseUsergt query  ParseUser.getQuery         query.whereEqualToName, names.getpos         query.findInBackgroundnew FindCallbackltParseUsergt             public void doneListltParseUsergt user, ParseException e                 if e  null                     Intent intent  new IntentgetApplicationContext, MessagingActivity.class                    intent.putExtraRECIPIENTID, user.get0.getObjectId                    startActivityintent                 else                     Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext,                        Error finding that user,                            Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                                            codepre  pBelow is the codeViewPager FragmentActivitycode that displays 5 page, I am having major difficulty setting up where each page would display a different user information.p  precodepublic class ScreenSlideActivity extends FragmentActivity     The number of pages wizard steps to show in this demo.   private static final int NUMPAGES  5     The pager widget, which handles animation and allows swiping horizontally to access previous   and next wizard steps.   private ViewPager mPager     The pager adapter, which provides the pages to the view pager widget.   private PagerAdapter mPagerAdapter  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activityscreenslide       Instantiate a ViewPager and a PagerAdapter.     mPager  ViewPager findViewByIdR.id.pager     mPagerAdapter  new ScreenSlidePagerAdaptergetFragmentManager     mPager.setAdaptermPagerAdapter     mPager.setOnPageChangeListenernew ViewPager.SimpleOnPageChangeListener          Override         public void onPageSelectedint position               When changing pages, reset the action bar actions since they are dependent              on which page is currently active. An alternative approach is to have each              fragment expose actions itself rather than the activity exposing actions,              but for simplicity, the activity provides the actions in this sample.             invalidateOptionsMenu                 Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu      super.onCreateOptionsMenumenu     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.activityscreenslide, menu      menu.findItemR.id.actionprevious.setEnabledmPager.getCurrentItem gt 0       Add either a next or finish button to the action bar, depending on which page      is currently selected.     MenuItem item  menu.addMenu.NONE, R.id.actionnext, Menu.NONE,             mPager.getCurrentItem  mPagerAdapter.getCount  1                      R.string.actionfinish                      R.string.actionnext     item.setShowAsActionMenuItem.SHOWASACTIONIFROOM  MenuItem.SHOWASACTIONWITHTEXT     return true   Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item      switch item.getItemId          case android.R.id.home              Navigate up the demo structure to the launchpad activity.              See httpdeveloper.android.comdesignpatternsnavigation.html for more.             NavUtils.navigateUpTothis, new Intentthis, MainActivity.class             return true          case R.id.actionprevious              Go to the previous step in the wizard. If there is no previous step,              setCurrentItem will do nothing.             mPager.setCurrentItemmPager.getCurrentItem  1             return true          case R.id.actionnext              Advance to the next step in the wizard. If there is no next step, setCurrentItem              will do nothing.             mPager.setCurrentItemmPager.getCurrentItem  1             return true           return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem      A simple pager adapter that represents 5 link ScreenSlidePageFragment objects, in   sequence.   private class ScreenSlidePagerAdapter extends FragmentStatePagerAdapter      public ScreenSlidePagerAdapterFragmentManager fm          superfm           Override     public Fragment getItemint position          return ScreenSlidePageFragment.createposition           Override     public int getCount          return NUMPAGES        codepre  pI am really confused on this, and if you could assist me that would be helpful.p  pI hope I was clear, and if you need further clarification, let me know.p
Negative 63 pI am attempting to unit test using the below code. However, the test simply hangs at the wait portion. My test code is below. Im new to iOS and to AFNetworking. Any help would be appreciated.p  pThings I Know  The method in USAPIConnection is being called.  There is no success or failure method being called on TestController. The request to the rails api is working. I know it returns a 200 OK code.p  pThings I Dont Know Is the AFHTTPRequestOperationManager actually sending the request Why is there no success of failure method being sent Should this unit test be sufficient for testingp  pXCTest Codep  precodeimport ltXCTestXCTest.hgt import USAPIConnection.h import Controller.h  interface TestController  NSObject ltControllergt  property bool done  end  implementation TestController  voidasynchronousSuccessfulWithObjectidobject typeinttype     NSLogObject , object     XCTAssertNotNilobject,Should have returned JSON object s,PRETTYFUNCTION     done  true   voidasynchronousUnsuccessfulWithErrorNSError error typeinttype     XCTFailUnsuccessful async call with errors s,error,PRETTYFUNCTION     done  true   end  interface USAPIConnectionTests  XCTestCase  end  implementation USAPIConnectionTests   voidsetUp      [super setUp]     NSLogBeginning Test s,PRETTYFUNCTION    voidtearDown      NSLogEnding Test s,PRETTYFUNCTION     [super tearDown]    voidtestGetTeamById      TestController testController  [[TestController alloc] init]     testController.done  false     [USAPIConnection getTeamById1 controllertestController]     int count  0     whiletestController.done ampamp count lt 10         Waiting         [NSThread sleepForTimeInterval3.0]         count  count  1          ifcount  10         XCTFailTimed out s,PRETTYFUNCTION        end codepre  pMethod Called in USAPIConnectionp  precodevoidgetTeamByIdintidentity controlleridltControllergtcontroller     AFHTTPRequestOperationManager manager  [AFHTTPRequestOperationManager manager]     AFJSONResponseSerializer serializer  [AFJSONResponseSerializer serializer]     serializer.acceptableContentTypes  [NSSet setWithObjectapplicationjson]     manager.responseSerializer  serializer     [manager POST[NSString stringWithFormathttpteamD,baseURL,identity] parametersnil successAFHTTPRequestOperation operation, id responseObject          [controller asynchronousSuccessfulWithObjectresponseObject typeTYPETEAMSBYNAME]      failureAFHTTPRequestOperation operation, NSError error          [controller asynchronousUnsuccessfulWithErrorerror typeTYPETEAMSBYNAME]     ]  codepre  h2Attemptsh2  pAttempting changing the test method to the below. However, neither NSLog in the test controller ran. p  precode voidtestGetTeamById      TestController testController  [[TestController alloc] init]     testController.done  false     dispatchasyncdispatchgetglobalqueueDISPATCHQUEUEPRIORITYDEFAULT,0,[USAPIConnection getTeamById1 controllertestController]     dispatchasyncdispatchgetglobalqueueDISPATCHQUEUEPRIORITYDEFAULT,0,NSLogHELLO FROM ASYNC QUEUE  codepre
Negative 63 pI have 3 tables as below in MySQL br stronguserstrong id username ... br strongpoststrong id userid title .... br stronguserpostlikestrong id postid userid likedate  every like in a separate rowbrp  pEvery user can send and like posts. brp  pNow I wanna get the specified user daily rank according to the number of likesfrom userpostlike table that the users posts got in the last 24 hours using an SQL command. brp  pMaybe using count command for counting the users that have more likes than the specified user.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to parse RTP AVC video stream to prepare it for H264 Decoder. p  pThis is my packet stream captured by Wireshark  First Im trying to find IDR slice, SPS and PPS parameters, so this is it a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu76817805frame.pcapng relnofollowhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu76817805frame.pcapngap  pstrongNext Im doing followingstrongp  pstrong1strong Find PPS nad SPS data and copying them to NAL units into depacketization buffer with [0x00 0x00 0x01] start sequense. p  pstrong[00 00 01  SPS][00 00 01  PPS]strongp  pstrong2strong for packets started with [0x7C 0x85] Start bit  1Im reconstructing first NAL heder 0x65 for my case  and copying data folowed by 0x7C 0x85 into depacketization buffer with start sequense. p  pstrong[00 00 01 65  video data ......]strongp  pstrong3strong  for packets started with [0x7C 0x05] Im  copying data except 2 first bytes into depacketization buffer.p  pstrong[..... video data .....]strongp  pstrong4strong  for packets started with [0x7C 0x45] Stop bit  1 Im  copying data except 2 first bytes into depacketization buffer.  strong[..... video data last byte]strongp  pstrong5strong For not fragmented packets Im just copying data into depacketization buffer wiyh start sequense. p  pstrong[00 00 01  NALu]strongp  pstrongSo in the end of parsing example video stream Ive got this binary filestrong a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu76817805raw.264 relnofollowhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu76817805raw.264a, but it cant be decoded correctly. [enter image description here][1]p  pCan  anybody help me please and find mistake in my algorithm What am I doing wrong  Thanks a lot for everybody.p  precodeUInt32 parseRTP Uint8  buf, int inputDataLen, Uint32 curAdr  int resultlen  0   filter zero bytes at the end of packet  for i  inputDataLen1 igt0 i      if buf[i]  0x00 inputDataLen     else break    get NAL type nal  buf[0] type  nal amp 0x1f  if buf[0]  0x7C ampamp buf[1]  0x85 IFrameisOK  1  Start of I frame  if type  6     return 0  if type  7  new SPS      memcpyvoidsps, startsequence, sizeofstartsequence     memcpyvoidsps  sizeofstartsequence, buf, inputDataLen     spslen  inputDataLen  sizeofstartsequence     SPSisOK  1     return 0   if type  8  new PPS      memcpyvoidpps, startsequence, sizeofstartsequence     memcpyvoidpps  sizeofstartsequence, buf, inputDataLen     ppslen  inputDataLen  sizeofstartsequence     PPSisOK  1     return 0     if SPSisOK  1 ampamp PPSisOK  1      if IFrameisOK  0 return 0  wait Iframe        Simplify the case.         These are all the nal types used internally by the h264 codec           if type gt 1 ampamp type lt 23 type  1     switch type                      case 0  undefined                 break              case 1                  copy start sequence                  memcpyvoidcurAdr, startsequence, sizeofstartsequence                 curAdr  sizeofstartsequence                   copy data                 memcpyvoidcurAdr, buf, inputDataLen                 curAdr  inputDataLen                  resultlen  sizeofstartsequence   inputDataLen                 break              case 24  STAPA one packet, multiple nals  not used in this project                 break             case 25  STAPB             case 26  MTAP16             case 27  MTAP24             case 29  FUB                 not used in this project                 break             case 28  FUA fragmented nal                  inputDataLen  2  delete 2 first bytes for fragmented units                 skip the fuindicator                 buf                  Uint8 fuindicator  nal                 Uint8 fuheader  buf  read the fuheader.                 Uint8 startbit  fuheader gtgt 7                 Uint8 reconstructednal                 Uint8 naltype  fuheader amp 0x1f                    reconstruct this packets true nal only the                 data follows..                 reconstructednal  fuindicator amp 0xe0                  the original nal forbidden bit and NRI are stored in this                 packets nal                 reconstructednal  naltype                   skip the fuheader...                 buf                  ifstartbit                                      if NEEDCONFIGS                                               copy SPS and PPS first                         memcpyvoidcurAdr, sps, spslen                         curAdr  spslen                          memcpyvoidcurAdr, pps, ppslen                         curAdr  ppslen                                             copy in the start sequence                     memcpyvoidcurAdr, startsequence, sizeofstartsequence                     curAdr  sizeofstartsequence                        copy reconstructed nal                     memcpyvoidcurAdr,ampreconstructednal, sizeofreconstructednal                     curAdr  sizeofreconstructednal                        copy payload                     memcpyvoidcurAdr,buf, inputDataLen                     curAdr  inputDataLen                      if NEEDCONFIGS                                              resultlen  spslen  ppslen  sizeofstartsequence  sizeofreconstructednal  inputDataLen                         NEEDCONFIGS  0                                          else                                              resultlen  sizeofstartsequence  sizeofreconstructednal  inputDataLen                                                        else                                       memcpyvoidcurAdr,buf, inputDataLen                     curAdr  inputDataLen                      resultlen  inputDataLen                                    break             default                 break              return resultlen  else      return 0  codepre  pp
Negative 63 pIm very new to NodeExpress, and trying to implement this block that updates a companys information.  I have a number of codeconsole.logcode statements that are tracking the variables throughout the block, and everything seems to be working perfectly fine until the last saving line.  What exactly could I be doing wrongp  precode Edit company metric information   editMetrics functionlink, form, cb      Companies.findOne permalink link , function err, company        if err  return doneerr         Iterate through form fields       forvar field in form          console.logfield   Looks great          iftypeofcompany.operational[field]  undefined            company.operational[field].unshift             timestamp new Date,             value form[field]                              iftypeofcompany.usermetrics[field]  undefined            company.usermetrics[field].unshift             timestamp new Date,             value form[field]                              iftypeofcompany.economics[field]  undefined            company.economics[field].unshift             timestamp new Date,             value form[field]                                          console.logcompany  Looks great         Save amp redirect to updated profile       company.savecb   For some reason this isnt saving        , codepre  pstrongCallbackstrongp  precodeCompanyModel.editMetricslink, req.body, cb  functionerror, result       res.redirectportfolio  link     codepre
Negative 63 pAs described in the API reference in Android L a hrefhttpsdeveloper.android.compreviewreference.html relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.android.compreviewreference.htmlap  pIn android.bluetooth.le package, there is a class AdvertiseSettings, and there are three advertise mode regarding on powerp  ol lipADVERTISEMODEBALANCEDpli lipADVERTISEMODELOWLATENCYpli lipADVERTISEMODELOWPOWERpli ol  pI tried the different modes and want to see the detailed difference p  precode advSetting  new AdvertiseSettings.Builder                         .setAdvertiseModeAdvertiseSettings.ADVERTISEMODELOWLATENCY                         .setAdvertiseModeAdvertiseSettings.ADVERTISEMODELOWPOWER                         .setAdvertiseModeAdvertiseSettings.ADVERTISETYPESCANNABLE                         .build  codepre  pAnd start the advertising usingp  precode bleAdv.startAdvertisingadvSetting, advertisementData, advertiseCallback codepre  pFrom the logcat, some logs provided in the Android L SDK regarding on the advertising will be availablep  pLow Latencyp  precode 0819 183009.107    25072587 DGattServiceStateMachine enabling advertising     5minAdvertisingMills 1600 codepre  pLow Powerp  precode0819 184459.333    25072587 DGattServiceStateMachine enabling advertising 5minAdvertisingMills 160 codepre  pBalancedp  precode0819 184136.284    25072587 DGattServiceStateMachine enabling advertising 5minAdvertisingMills 400 codepre  pFrom the logs above, it is clear that the AdvertisingMills are different in these three modes. However, I do not get what does the word AdvertisingMills means. p  pIf it means the frequency that Android advertises the bluetooth data, then in Low Power mode, the data will be advertised every 160 ms, as comparison in Low Latency mode, data will be advertised every 1600ms. And if this is true, will Low Power mode cost more power than the Low Latency modep
Negative 63 pIm not really sure how to word this question, so hopefully this makes sense...p  pI have a GUI working that reads value from a board, and displays them in a window. This window also has a menu. My problem is, when I click on a menu item, it seems to jump out of my Update function before it has completed, which gives me a communication error from my board since the command was not completed before switching over to the menu processing. The problem is intermittent, since I do not always click the menu when the Update function is running.p  pSome additional info The Update function is sent periodically using the followingp  pPostMessagehwnd, WMCOMMAND, WMUSER1, NULLp  precodecase WMUSER1      debugFunc  2     Update        InvalidateRecthwnd, NULL, FALSE     debugFunc  2  codepre  pThe debugFunc integer was used for debugging...whenever the window sent WMENTERMENULOOP or WMEXITMENULOOP, I would break to see what this debugFunc value was...whenever I had a communication error, the debugFunc  4 debugFunc is set in Update function to 4...meaning that this WMUSER1 msg did not complete before the menu was called.p  pSo, is there a way to give either the message WMUSER1 or the function Update a higher priority then the menu call So that WMUSER1 or Update must be completed before the menu items are shownp  pEDIT Heres update, it just sends a bunch of messages using an I2C adapter to get reads.. I didnt write any of the iPortAIMaster functions, they came with the adapterp  precodevoid Update      int receiveLength  0     debugFunc  4     The following CStrings hold a string value that is to be updated to the window     CString newVoltage, newCurrent, newPower, newStatus     CString StatusDisplay      The following act like flags     If STATUSWORD VOUT bit is set, checkVout  1...meaning all pages must have their Vout Status checked     The rest follow in a similar fashion     int checkTemp  0, checkVout  0, checkIout  0, checkInput  0      Holds the pBuf data output from a MasterTxRx command is sent     Holds the new voltage or new current values     Must be translated to a CString to update the window     BYTE nV, nC      Holds a bit position     int bit     float valueV, valueC          if isOn                      pBufStatus[0]  0x79    STATUSWORD             buf  rn Sending the STATUSWORD command to check for errors             BYTE I2CAddr, BYTE pBufStatus, unsigned int TxLen, unsigned int RxLen, BYTE doStop, UINT time             newPort.iPortAIMasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 820             Get the PAGE reading, value is placed in pBufStatus             receiveLength  newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus             Store pBufStatus             pBufWORD[0]  pBufStatus[0]             pBufWORD[1]  pBufStatus[1]      pragma region Reading and Updating the window      pragma region Reading new IN Volt Cur Pow                      valueV  0                 valueC  0                  ReadVIN                 pBufStatus[0]  0x88       ReadVIN Command                 pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command                  Send ReadVIN command                 MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120                 Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus                 newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus                 nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy                  CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM                 valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]                 valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]                 Multiply by 100 for formatting                 valueV  valueV  100                  newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV                  ReadIIN command                 pBufStatus[0]  0x89       ReadIIN Command                  Send ReadIIN command                 MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120                 Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus                 newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus                 nC  pBufStatus    Save Copy                  CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM                 valueC  intvalueC ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]                 valueC  intvalueC ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]                 Multiply by 100 for formatting                 valueC  valueC  100                  newCurrent.Format.2f, valueC                  newPower.Format.2f, valueCvalueV                  SetWindowTextVoltIn, newVoltage                 SetWindowTextCurIn, newCurrent                 SetWindowTextPowIn, newPower                 VoltInR  newVoltage                 CurInR  newCurrent                 PowInR  newPower          pragma endregion      pragma region Reading new Temperatures                  valueV  0             READTEMPERATURE1             pBufStatus[0]  0x8D       ReadVIN READTEMPERATURE1             pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command              Send READTEMPERATURE1 command             MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120             Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus             newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus             nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy              CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM             valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]             valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]             Multiply by 100 for formatting             valueV  valueV  100              newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV             SetWindowTextTempU11, newVoltage             TempU11R  newVoltage              valueV  0             READTEMPERATURE2             pBufStatus[0]  0x8E       ReadVIN READTEMPERATURE2             pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command              Send READTEMPERATURE2 command             MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120             Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus             newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus             nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy              CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM             valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]             valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]             Multiply by 100 for formatting             valueV  valueV  100              newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV             SetWindowTextTempU12, newVoltage             TempU12R  newVoltage              valueV  0             READTEMPERATURE3             pBufStatus[0]  0x8F       ReadVIN READTEMPERATURE3             pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command              Send READTEMPERATURE3 command             MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120             Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus             newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus             nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy              CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM             valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]             valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]             Multiply by 100 for formatting             valueV  valueV  100              newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV             SetWindowTextTempU13, newVoltage             TempU13R  newVoltage          pragma endregion              for int i  0 i lt 11 i                              valueV  0                 valueC  0                   FOR LOOP Index thru pages                 i  0 5V                 i  1 3.3V                 i  2 12V                 i  3 12V                 i  4 12VAUX                 i  10    28VInput                 pBufStatus[0]  0x00           Page Command                 pBufStatus[1]  chari        Page Number                 MasterTxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 2, 1, 60      pragma region Reading new OUT Volt Cur Pow                 switch i                                      case 0                     case 1                     case 2                                              ReadVOUT                         pBufStatus[0]  0x8B       ReadVout Command                         pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command                          Send ReadVOUT command                         MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120                         Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus                         newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus                         nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy                          CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM                         valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]                         valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]                         Multiply by 100 for formatting                         valueV  valueV  100                          newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV                          ReadIOUT command                         pBufStatus[0]  0x8C       ReadIout Command                          Send ReadIOUT command                         MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120                         Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus                         newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus                         nC  pBufStatus    Save Copy                          CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM                         valueC  intvalueC ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]                         valueC  intvalueC ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]                         Multiply by 100 for formatting                         valueC  valueC  100                          newCurrent.Format.2f, valueC                          newPower.Format.2f, valueCvalueV                         break                                          case 3                     case 4                                              ReadVOUT                         pBufStatus[0]  0x8B       ReadVout Command                         pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command                          Send ReadVOUT command                         MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120                         Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus                         newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus                         nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy                          CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM                         valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]                         valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]                         Multiply by 100 for formatting                         valueV  valueV  100                          newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV                         break                                          case 10                                              ReadVOUT                         pBufStatus[0]  0x8B       ReadVout Command                         pBufStatus[1]  0      Clear out earlier command                          Send ReadVOUT command                         MasterTxRxI2CAddr, pBufStatus, 1, 2, 1, 120                         Get the Voltage Reading, value is placed in pBufStatus                         newPort.iPortAIGetMasterRxMsg512, pBufStatus                         nV  pBufStatus    Save Copy                          CONVERT THE VALUE TO USEABLE FORM                         valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[1]                         valueV  intvalueV ltlt 8  pBufStatus[0]                         Multiply by 100 for formatting                         valueV  valueV  100                          newVoltage.Format.2f, valueV                         break                                           pragma endregion      pragma region Display reading                     switch i  switch on the page number, display new values and checks faults if needed                                                                     case 0         5V                                  pragma region 5V Display                                                              SEND OUTPUT TO WINDOW USING SetWindowText                                 SetWindowTextVolt5at24, newVoltage                                 Volt5at24R  newVoltage                                 SetWindowTextCur5at24, newCurrent                                 Cur5at24R  newCurrent                                 SetWindowTextPow5at24, newPower                                 Pow5at24R  newPower                                 break                                      pragma endregion                                                  case 1         3.3V                                  pragma region 3.3V Display                                                              SEND OUTPUT TO WINDOW USING SetWindowText                                 SetWindowTextVolt3at15, newVoltage                                 Volt3at15R  newVoltage                                 SetWindowTextCur3at15, newCurrent                                 Cur3at15R  newCurrent                                 SetWindowTextPow3at15, newPower                                 Pow3at15R  newPower                                 break                                      pragma endregion                                                  case 2         12V                                  pragma region 12V Display                                                              SEND OUTPUT TO WINDOW USING SetWindowText                                 SetWindowTextVolt12at1, newVoltage                                 Volt12at1R  newVoltage                                 SetWindowTextCur12at1, newCurrent                                 Cur12at1R  newCurrent                                 SetWindowTextPow12at1, newPower                                 Pow12at1R  newPower                                 break                                      pragma endregion                                                  case 3         12V                                  pragma region 12V Display                                                              SEND OUTPUT TO WINDOW USING SetWindowText                                 SetWindowTextVolt12at2, newVoltage                                 Volt12at2R  newVoltage                                      pragma endregion                                                  case 4         12V AUX                                  pragma region 12V AUX Display                                                              SEND OUTPUT TO WINDOW USING SetWindowText                                 SetWindowTextVolt12at40, newVoltage                                 Volt12at40R  newVoltage                                      pragma endregion                                                  case 10            28V input                                  pragma region 3.3 HSKPR Display                                                              SEND OUTPUT TO WINDOW USING SetWindowText                                 SetWindowTextVoltIn, newVoltage                                 Volt3HR  newVoltage                                 break                                      pragma endregion                                                   pragma endregion                      pragma endregion                  codepre
Negative 63 pI am using Devise and OmniAuth and have followed this tutorial a hrefhttpsgithub.complataformatecdevisewikiOmniAuthOverview relnofollowhttpsgithub.complataformatecdevisewikiOmniAuthOverviewap  pEverything works fine, but my app sends a request to Facebook twice whenever the user clicks onp  precodelt linkto Sign in with Facebook, useromniauthauthorizepathfacebook gt codepre  pI do not even have an omniauth.rb file.p  pHere is what I see in the consolep  precodeStarted GET usersauthfacebook for 127.0.0.1 at 20140819 210403 0400 I, [20140819T210403.832699 54281]  INFO  omniauth facebook Request phase initiated. Started GET usersauthfacebook for 127.0.0.1 at 20140819 210403 0400 I, [20140819T210403.854510 54281]  INFO  omniauth facebook Request phase initiated. codepre  pIs there anything I am doing wrong How can I prevent two requests from being sentp
Negative 63 pI would like to poup a multi dimensional array from multiple SQL queryes, so in more than one step. I would like to make here the 2. columnp  precode      namer[Name]       secondattributer[sec]        whileiltcountfull           ifdailynamedb[i]  name             dailynamedb[]  secondattribute                      i        codepre
Negative 63 pI am receiving several binary messages in a stream.  Each one is parsed according to an ID and length within the message.  I want to read all sent messages however, if I try and receive more bytes than have been sent, the program hangs up until the previously set socket.settimeout.p  pHow I would like to handle thisp  precodewhile endoffile  0     header  socket.recv6     if header           endoffile  1 codepre  pDoes not work because it is always expecting 6 more bytes.p
Negative 63 pI have to save a bunch of information about a large amount files in a table on SQL server 2005. p  pI store the full MD5 of each file as a varbinary on SQL, and .net database entity framework abstracts it as a byte[]array. Fair enough. p  pI am querying against said table with a query like this, comparing hashes to check if a file already is on the dbp  precodebyte[] hash  inputfile.GetFileMD5 var query  context.CurveData     .Wheren gt n.MD5.Equalshash     .Selectn gt n.MD5     .DefaultIfEmptynull.FirstOrDefault codepre  pOne should never compare Arrays with .Equals because it compares instances, not sequences. .SequenceEqual must be used However, emthe query runs perfectly fineem. If I save a file and run the query against it, I indeed get the correct hash from the database lots of other files work fine too.p  pTwo questionsp  pol liHow is that possible Is there an overload of .Equals that checks against array equalityli liHow can I implement the above query with .SequenceEqual If I try to replace .Equals with .SequenceEqual I get the Exceptionp  blockquote   pLINQ to Entities does not recognize the method Boolean SequenceEqual[Byte]System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerablecode1[System.Byte], System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerablecode1[System.Byte]li   ol   Thanksp blockquote
Negative 63 pI am new to Cassandra cql cqlsh 4.1.1, Cassandra 2.0.8.39, CQL spec 3.1.1, Thrift protocol 19.39.0  using the cql COPY command to a table from a CSV formatted file and I get the following error brcodeBad Request unable to coerce 20121111 to a formatted date longcode. brHow do I change a column using codecqlcode so that it accepts the date from my codeCSVcode file p
Negative 63 pAfter trying to query the following nested queryp  precodeSELECT ur.userID, us.fullname FROM tbluserrecipe AS ur JOIN tblusersettings AS us ON ur.userID  us.userID WHERE relationship  analyzed AND userID IN   SELECT ux.userID   FROM tbluserrecipe AS ux   WHERE ux.relationship  collected  codepre  pIm getting the following, and idea whyp  precode1052  Column userID in INALLANY subquery is ambiguous  codepre
Negative 63 pIm creating a shader management system instead of using the Effects 11 library. I have a couple of questions about resource management for shaders.p  pIf I have a Constant Buffer set to a certain register in the shader code, does it need to be set to that register when I set it on the device What if I have multiple shaders that use that registerp  pAre constant buffers maintained in memory between draws, or are they cleared Say for example I have a constant buffer that is not changed from the last draw, do I need to set it againp  pIs it slower to set constant buffers one at a time or all at oncep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pAccording to this question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11938380globalvariablesinangularjsGlobal variables in AngularJSap  pthe method of setting global variables is through a service or rootscope.p  pHowever Im finding that I cant access the global variable in a function, unless I pass the factory into my function. How can I access the variable if its not in a function The reason I need to do this is because I dont control the parameters of callback functions that I use from another library.p  pFor example, if my factory is like thisp  precode.factoryprincipal,[q, ...etc etc functionq ...     return            avariable anexample       ] codepre  pand I want to access principal in a function I can dop  precodefunction examplefunctionprincipal     puts principal.avariable works  codepre  pBut if I dont control the parameters of callback functions...p  precodefunction onNotificationCallbackresult       this function is provided to me but principal isnt a parameter       therefore principal.avariable is not accessable  codepre  pHow do I access principal in this callback functionp
Negative 63 pI build a Struts2  Hibernate web project using MyEclipse IDE.p  pWhen I run it in MyEclipse Tomcat environment it works fine ,but i want to run it on Tomcat server separately means apart from MyEclipse , so I export a code.warcode file of project and deploy it on Tomcat manger  it is not working. p  psecond issue is that when  I copied my project from codeMy Eclipse.metadata.metcatwebapps..code path and put it in tomcat codewebappscode , but it is not working also  codeHTTP Status 404  ..code error occurred.p  pIs there any code.jarcode file issue or something elsep
Negative 63 pI am using VB .NET and I have a huge variable Table A in DataTable format. Table A has many columns.  I need to create a subset of table class DataTable from Table A by checking the field value in each Column from Table A. p  pThere is a function in SQL, which matches the requirement above. It is called as SELECT TransactSQL. I have found the SQL description in the websites below a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms189499.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryms189499.aspxa and  a hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comsqlsqlwhere.asp relnofollowhttpwww.w3schools.comsqlsqlwhere.aspa.p  pMy question What is the equivalent command in VB .NET which performs same task on DataTable p  pI have checked various sources on converting the SQL command above to VB .NET. The Select Case in VB .NET works as an if condition checking. p  pThank you. p
Negative 63 precodenamespace ConsoleApplication4      [Serializable]     public class CostomException  Exception              public MyException           public MyExceptionstring message  basemessage           public MyExceptionstring message, Exception inner  basemessage, inner           protected MyException           System.Runtime.Serialization.SerializationInfo info,           System.Runtime.Serialization.StreamingContext context              baseinfo, context         codepre
Negative 63 pThe efficiency of the algorithm codedoItcode can be expressed as emOn  n3em. Calculate the efficiency of the following program segment exactly. Then calculate the efficiency using the bigO notation. Show calculations.p  precodefor i  1 i lt n  1 i     for j  1 j lt n j         doIt ... codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pIn my Netbeans i have project DemoApp and im using tomcat,in my project i have 2 packages named pkg1,pkg2 in that i have servlet1,servlet2 programs in pkg1 and servlet3,servlet4 in pkg2.And im using  Logger like this p  precode try             some code          catch IOException ex               Logger.getLoggerservlet1.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex          codepre  pthen where my log files are stored related to my project and its classes. Your answer will be highly appreciated.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to implement a simple tags input in Bootstrap 3 with Tokenfield, but Ive stacked somewhere.p  pHTML codep  precodeltlink hrefstaticcssbootstrap.min.css relstylesheetgt ltlink hrefstaticcssbootstraptokenfield.min.css relstylesheetgt  ltdiv classformgroupgt    ltlabel formyinputgtltlabelgt    ltinput idmyinput typetext classformcontrolgt ltdivgt codepre  pJavascriptp  precodeltscript srcstaticjsjquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcstaticjsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcstaticjsbootstraptokenfield.min.jsgtltscriptgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt    myinput.tokenfield   autocomplete      source [red,blue,green,yellow,violet,brown,purple,black,white],     delay 100   ,   showAutocompleteOnFocus true  ltscriptgt codepre  pError It doesnt show the autocomplete. I dont have any error in the console. I can add tags manually.p
Negative 63 pI am new to java security so it may sound stupid to you guys. I am using tripledes algorithm for encryption decryption in that i am using hash value as keys. I am using sha512 for hashing i have heard that two same strings hash will be same but i am getting different output for same string. I am affixing the code of sha512. Let me know what the problem is if possible.p  precodepublic class SHA256Algo       public static String createHashString text throws UnsupportedEncodingException, NoSuchAlgorithmException               String encryptedText            MessageDigest md  MessageDigest.getInstanceSHA512          md.updatetext.getBytesUTF16  Change this to UTF16 if needed         byte[] digest  md.digest         String str  digest.toString          return str            public static void mainString[] args          try              System.out.printlncreateHashtarun              System.out.printlncreateHashtarun           catch UnsupportedEncodingException  NoSuchAlgorithmException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                codepre  poutput br [B32d2bb53br [B29086036p
Negative 63 pI am integrating Stripe Payment module in my application. In that I use this a hrefhttpsgithub.comstripestripeandroidtreemasterstripe relnofollowStripe Library.a Now using this code I generating token. Using this token I need strongcard codeidcodestrong strongcodebefore paymentcodestrong.p  pstrongcodeHow to get this card id. codestrongp  pHere I show you response of Stripe.p  pWhen I enter Card Information about the card Like this p  precodeStripeTokencreatearray card gt array number gt 4242424242424242, expmonth gt 8, expyear gt 2015, cvc gt 314   codepre  pAfter that Stripe give me this response p  precode id tok14WdJ02eZvKYlo2CyaZ49ZP7, livemode false, created 1409272314, used false, object token, type card, card  id card14WdJ02eZvKYlo2C5nE5XjtP, object card, last4 4242, brand Visa, funding credit, expmonth 8, expyear 2015, fingerprint Xt5EWLLDS7FJjR1c, country US, name null, addressline1 null, addressline2 null, addresscity null, addressstate null, addresszip null, addresscountry null, customer null   codepre  pstrongBefore payment and after token created I need this card id strongp  precodecard  id card14WdJ02eZvKYlo2C5nE5XjtP,  codepre  pHope you get my question.p
Negative 63 pCan anyone tell me how to compile the Clang compiler into LLVM bytecode that is, selfhost Clang The reason I want to do this is so that I can take the resulting LLVM bytecode and then use Emscripten to produce a C to Javascript compiler.p
Negative 63 pI have a native messaging host for a chrome extension that reads from the keychain in OS X using a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibrarymacdocumentationsecurityReferencekeychainservicesReferencereference.html relnofollowApples keychain servicea. I make the call to codechrome.runtime.sendNativeMessagecode when the a hrefhttpsdeveloper.chrome.comextensionsbrowserAction relnofollowbrowser action pagea is opened. When the keychain is already unlocked, the native program runs fine and returns a response on standard out. The problem occurs when the keychain is locked so OS X prompts the user to unlock the keychain with a UI alert similar to a hrefhttpmedia.tumblr.comtumblrm9v6v7vUpd1qm7unw.png relnofollowthisa. The problem is that the native program hangs when it is called and the prompt doesnt appear immediately. The prompt only appears once I close the browser action popup, and it only appears briefly less than a second. I know that the native application is running while waiting for the UI prompt since I added logs for when it starts and exits I also check codepscode. p  pDoes anyone know why the native application might be hanging I thought that maybe the UI window was causing things to be blocked, so I tried forking a new thread in the native application to open the keychain. Unfortunately, that didnt work either. p  pWhen I run the program directly from the command line, I dont run into any of these issues and the prompt to unlock the keychain appears immediately. p  pPs. Ive tried codechrome.runtime.connectNativecode too and that doesnt work either. p
Negative 63 pThis is sort of a followup to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq207477421049someone elses questiona about filteringquerying a list of cars. There the recommendation for a RESTful filtering request was to put filter expressions in the query of the URI, like thisp  precodecarscolorblueamptypesedanampdoors4 codepre  pThats fine. But what if my filtering query becomes more complicated and I need to use Boolean operators, such asp  precodecolorblue OR typesedan AND doors4 OR colorred codepre  pThat is, I want to find a fourdoor blue car or a fourdoor sedan, but if the car is red Ill take it without caring about any of the other properties.p  pIs there any sort of convention for providing Boolean expressions in a RESTful URIs query parameters I suppose I could by create some new querying expression language and put it in a codePOSTcode, but that seems like a heavy and proprietary approach. How are others solving thisp
Negative 63 pI have a question concerning the possibilities of load balancing when using PostgreSQL with Windows Servers. On Unix systems this is made possible by using pgpoolII. How can I achieve the same with Windowsp  pI know that you cannot mix systems when it comes to replication. Pgpool documentation states p  blockquote   pstrongCan I mix different platforms of PostgreSQL as pgpoolII backends, for example Linux and Windowsstrongp      pIn streaming replication mode, nop blockquote  pWhat about a different scenario Can I run pgpool on a Unix machine, and configure replication amp load balancing on a pool of Windows Serversp  pIm using Windows Server 2008 R2 in case it matters.p
Negative 63 pI am using pythongcm for a push notification backend server.p  pI can successfully send push notifications to my Android application from my local computers. Everything works as expected.p  pHowever, when I run it from my server I always get the following errorp  precodeGCMAuthenticationException There was an error authenticating the sender account codepre  pThe server is whitelisted I added the IPv4, IPv6, as well as 0.0.0.00 to make sure. Also the API key is definitely right, I copied my config file.p  pWhat else can be the reason it is not workingp
Negative 63 pLets consider the problem where I construct a Binary Search Tree from its inorder and postorder traversal. Now in the recursive implementation I would have done something likep  pnode.left  recursive start, mid1 node.right  recursive mid  1, endp  pNow how would I go about implementing this with a stack  Cause once a node is popped from the stack I cant come back to it. Is this iterative approach only practical for a traversal p  pThis is the gist of the whole code where constructInPost is recursivep  precodeNodeltTgt constructInPost ListltTgt in, ListltTgt post       if in.size  0         return null      NodeltTgt root  new Node ltTgtpost.getpost.size1      int index  0     for   index lt post.size index          if in.getindex  root.data              break           root.left  constructInPost in.subList0, index, post.subList0, index     root.right  constructInPost in.subListindex1, in.size, post.subListindex, post.size1      return root  codepre
Negative 63 pWhat is the difference between emstorage classem and emstorage specifierem in C  Is volatile a emstorage classem or emstorage specifierem p  pEX codestatic volatile int acode      taking without any error but     codestatic autoregisterextern int acode is giving compilation error.p
Negative 63 pIm working on a method that gets the file path of a file that im opening from my email. But the path stays empty. p  pCode that should do the trick p  precodeprotected void onActivityResultint requestCode, int resultCode, Intent intent     if requestCode  PICKREQUESTCODE        if resultCode  RESULTOK           Uri uri  intent.getData       String type  intent.getType       Log.iDocspro File Opening,Pick completed  uri   type       if uri  null                 path  uri.toString          if path.startsWithfile                        Selected filedirectory path is below             path  new FileURI.createpath.getAbsolutePath             ParseXMLpath                          else Log.iDocspro File Opening,Back from pick with cancel status      codepre  pMy intent that opens the mail.p  precodepublic void openEmailView v      Intent emailItent  getPackageManager.getLaunchIntentForPackagecom.google.android.gm     startActivityForResultemailItent, 1  codepre  pI hope you guys will find the trick. Ive search for a while now, but cant seem to find similar problemssolutions.p  pEDIT  The files im talking about is a XML .dcs file, i just need the location to open and parse it with my XML Parser.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to use the whoosh python library.p  pI added it to my system via pip, and can see it in my python distpackages folder, which is on the path.p  pin my code I havep  precodefrom whoosh.fields import Schema, TEXT  schema  SchematitleTEXT, contentTEXT codepre  pAs per the whoosh documentation, but this throws importerror no module named fieldsp  pWhat am I doing wrongp  pIm running python 2.7p
Negative 63 pI went through an online splash generator  and got p  precodereslonglandxhdpi reslongportxhdpi reslonglandxxhdpi reslongportxxhdpi resnotlonglandxhdpi resnotlongportxhdpi resnotlonglandxxhdpi resnotlongportxxhdpi codepre  pfrom it. What are these used for Why should we use themp
Negative 63 pI created a Gem a Devise extension. In this Gem I added routes served by a controller that I put under appcontrollers folder. So my folder structure looks likep  precodeapp    controllers                  mypkgmycontroller.rb lib    mygem.rb  somewhere in this file I added the routes. codepre  pHowever, I got error when I tested itp  precodeuninitialized constant MyPkgMyController codepre  pMy best guess is that appcontrollers of my Gem was not added to Rails autoloadpaths. p  pI tried several solutions and none of them worksp  ul lipchanged gemspec spec.requirepaths  [lib]  spec.requirepaths  [lib, appcontrollers]pli lipchanged gemspec remove line spec.platform       GemPlatformRUBY   removing this line caused appcontrollers to appear in LOADPATH. But problem was not solved.pli ul  pHave been struggling with it for 12 hours straight now....  Any hints will be really appreciatedp
Negative 63 pI have those two tablesp  pT1p  precodeid  bookable 1   1 2   1 3   0 4   1 5   0 codepre  pT2p  precodeid  t1id 1     2 2     2 3     3 4     4 5     2 codepre  pand Id like to select rows of t1 that have bookable to 1 OR at least one corresponding value in t2.t1idp  pWith my example, this would be the resultp  precodet1.id gt 1,2,3,4 codepre  pI have tried some requests with left join, count, having amp group by but I cant get the result I want p  pAll help is appreciated.p  pThank youp
Negative 63 pI would like to be able to use Git with Visual Studio 2013. I would also like to be able to use SourceTree but I dont know how the two play together.p  pI have created a project in Visual Studio, configuring it to use Git, but I have no idea where the repository has been created or how I can push it out to a remote repository BitBucket. Can anyone explain how these three technologies can be made to work with each otherp  pI have looked at the Atlassian Connector for Visual Studio but I have had no luck with it.p  pThanks in advance.p  pMp
Negative 63 pI am trying to integrate youtube video inside Fragment using YouTubePlayerSupportFragment.I have used youtubeandroidplayerapi. I am getting following errors in logcatp  precodeFATAL EXCEPTION main     java.lang.NullPointerException             at com.pepup.league.ui.fragments.VideosFragment.onCreateViewVideosFragment.java109             at android.support.v4.app.Fragment.performCreateViewFragment.java1500             at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.moveToStateFragmentManager.java938             at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.moveToStateFragmentManager.java1115             at android.support.v4.app.BackStackRecord.runBackStackRecord.java682             at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.execPendingActionsFragmentManager.java1478             at android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerImpl.executePendingTransactionsFragmentManager.java478             at android.support.v4.app.FragmentPagerAdapter.finishUpdateFragmentPagerAdapter.java141             at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.populateViewPager.java1068             at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.populateViewPager.java914             at android.support.v4.view.ViewPager.onMeasureViewPager.java1436             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.widget.LinearLayout.measureVerticalLinearLayout.java833             at android.widget.LinearLayout.onMeasureLinearLayout.java574             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4916             at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4916             at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4916             at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout.onMeasureDrawerLayout.java704             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4916             at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.widget.LinearLayout.measureVerticalLinearLayout.java833             at android.widget.LinearLayout.onMeasureLinearLayout.java574             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.view.ViewGroup.measureChildWithMarginsViewGroup.java4916             at android.widget.FrameLayout.onMeasureFrameLayout.java310             at com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView.onMeasurePhoneWindow.java2161             at android.view.View.measureView.java15264             at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performMeasureViewRootImpl.java2129             at android.view.ViewRootImpl.measureHierarchyViewRootImpl.java1240             at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performTraversalsViewRootImpl.java1433             at android.view.ViewRootImpl.doTraversalViewRootImpl.java1125             at android.view.ViewRootImplTraversalRunnable.runViewRootImpl.java4607             at android.view.ChoreographerCallbackRecord.runChoreographer.java747             at android.view.Choreographer.doCallbacksChoreographer.java567             at android.view.Choreographer.doFrameChoreographer.java536             at android.view.ChoreographerFrameDisplayEventReceiver.runChoreographer.java733             at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java615             at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92             at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java153             at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5086             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java821             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java584             at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pErrors is shown at the linep  precode youTubePlayerSupportFragment.initializeYoutubeDeveloperKey,new OnInitializedListener codepre  pHere is my codep  pVideosFragment.javap  precodepublic class VideosFragment extends YouTubePlayerSupportFragment     private FragmentActivity myContext     private YouTubePlayer YPlayer     private static final String YoutubeDeveloperKey  xyz     private static final int RECOVERYDIALOGREQUEST  1     Override     public void onAttachActivity activity          if activity instanceof FragmentActivity              myContext  FragmentActivity activity                  super.onAttachactivity            Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,                              Bundle savedInstanceState           View rootView  inflater.inflateR.layout.videos, container, false           rootView.setVerticalScrollBarEnabledfalse          YouTubePlayerSupportFragment youTubePlayerSupportFragment  YouTubePlayerSupportFragment getFragmentManager.findFragmentByIdR.id.youtubeview          youTubePlayerSupportFragment.initializeYoutubeDeveloperKey,new OnInitializedListener               Override             public void onInitializationSuccessProvider provider,                                                 YouTubePlayer player, boolean wasRestored                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 if wasRestored                      YPlayer  player                     YPlayer.cueVideo2zNSgSzhBfM                                            Override             public void onInitializationFailureProvider provider,                                                 YouTubeInitializationResult errorReason                   TODO Autogenerated method stub                 if errorReason.isUserRecoverableError                      errorReason.getErrorDialogmyContext, RECOVERYDIALOGREQUEST.show                  else                      String errorMessage  String.format                             There was an error initializing the YouTubePlayer,                             errorReason.toString                     Toast.makeTextmyContext, errorMessage, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show                                                return rootView            Override     public void initializeString s, OnInitializedListener onInitializedListener         codepre  pvideos.xmlp  precodeltScrollView xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightfillparent     androidbackgroundFFFFFFgt      ltRelativeLayout         androidididlayout4         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightfillparent          gt          ltRelativeLayout             androidididlayout1             androidlayoutwidthmatchparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent              gt              ltfragment                 androidnamecom.google.android.youtube.player.YouTubePlayerSupportFragment                 androidididyoutubeview                 androidlayoutwidthmatchparent                 androidlayoutheight240dp                 androidlayoutmarginLeft62dp                 androidlayoutmarginRight32dp                  androidcropToPaddingtrue                 androidpadding1dp                 androidscaleTypecenterCrop gt          ltRelativeLayoutgt      ltRelativeLayoutgt ltScrollViewgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have implemented a ToolBar and styling according to the following style. For the images I am using vector graphics from an .xaml resource filep  precodeltResourceDictionary xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation                     xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml                           xmlnsCaliburnhttpwww.caliburnproject.orggt     ltRectangle xKeyToolBarButtonIcon                    xSharedFalse                    VisibilityBinding IconVisibility                   HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch                    Width16 Height16gt         ltRectangle.Fillgt             ltVisualBrush StretchUniform VisualBinding IconSourcegt         ltRectangle.Fillgt     ltRectanglegt     ltStyle xKeyToolBarToggleButton               TargetTypexType ToggleButton              BasedOnStaticResource xStatic ToolBar.ToggleButtonStyleKeygt         ltSetter PropertyContent ValueStaticResource ToolBarButtonIcongt         ltSetter PropertyToolTip ValueBinding ToolTipTextgt         ltSetter PropertyToolTipService.IsEnabled ValueBinding ToolTipServiceEnabledgt         ltSetter PropertyIsChecked ValueBinding IsCheckedgt         ltSetter PropertyCaliburnAction.Target ValueBindinggt         ltSetter PropertyCaliburnMessage.Attach ValueBinding ActionTextgt     ltStylegt     ltStyle xKeyToolBarButton               TargetTypexType Button              BasedOnStaticResource xStatic ToolBar.ButtonStyleKeygt         ltSetter PropertyContent ValueStaticResource ToolBarButtonIcongt         ltSetter PropertyToolTip ValueBinding ToolTipTextgt         ltSetter PropertyToolTipService.IsEnabled ValueBinding ToolTipServiceEnabledgt         ltSetter PropertyCaliburnAction.Target ValueBindinggt         ltSetter PropertyCaliburnMessage.Attach ValueBinding ActionTextgt     ltStylegt ltResourceDictionarygt codepre  pThis renders the ToolBar great and all looks wellp  hr  h2img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsUbrI.png altOkayh2  pBut not if I drag one ToolBar group over the other the images disappear and I get p  hr  h2img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comzLjTL.png altErrorh2  pI am aware of the use of codexSharedFalsecode on the image source, but this is not helping me in this case. What can I do to force my codeToolBarcode to render correctlyp  pNote. I have also tried setting all the codeVirtualizingcode properties on each off the components I though could impact this and this did not help.p  pThanks for your time.p  hr  h2Solutionh2  pThanks to Mike Strobel, I have a solution. It was to change the style of each button to reference their own codeRectanglecode image container. Silly not to spot this, but in the end the styles becamep  precodeltStyle xKeyToolBarToggleButton           TargetTypexType ToggleButton          BasedOnStaticResource xStatic ToolBar.ToggleButtonStyleKeygt     ltSetter PropertyContentTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt             ltDataTemplategt                 ltRectangle xSharedFalse                                VisibilityBinding IconVisibility                               HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch                                Width16 Height16gt                     ltRectangle.Fillgt                         ltVisualBrush StretchUniform VisualBinding IconSourcegt                     ltRectangle.Fillgt                 ltRectanglegt             ltDataTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt     ltSettergt     ltSetter PropertyToolTip ValueBinding ToolTipTextgt     ltSetter PropertyToolTipService.IsEnabled ValueBinding ToolTipServiceEnabledgt     ltSetter PropertyIsChecked ValueBinding IsCheckedgt     ltSetter PropertyCaliburnAction.Target ValueBindinggt     ltSetter PropertyCaliburnMessage.Attach ValueBinding ActionTextgt ltStylegt ltStyle xKeyToolBarButton           TargetTypexType Button          BasedOnStaticResource xStatic ToolBar.ButtonStyleKeygt     ltSetter PropertyContentTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt             ltDataTemplategt                 ltRectangle xSharedFalse                                VisibilityBinding IconVisibility                               HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch                                Width16 Height16gt                     ltRectangle.Fillgt                         ltVisualBrush StretchUniform VisualBinding IconSourcegt                     ltRectangle.Fillgt                 ltRectanglegt             ltDataTemplategt         ltSetter.Valuegt     ltSettergt     ltSetter PropertyToolTip ValueBinding ToolTipTextgt     ltSetter PropertyToolTipService.IsEnabled ValueBinding ToolTipServiceEnabledgt     ltSetter PropertyCaliburnAction.Target ValueBindinggt     ltSetter PropertyCaliburnMessage.Attach ValueBinding ActionTextgt ltStylegt codepre  pI hope this helps someone else.p  hr  h2Additional Binding Errors for ToolTiph2  pI have changed the style again to avoid the tool tip bindings also failing upon the codeToolBarItemscode container being dragged. The issue now is that the tool tip only popsup when hovering over the rectangle containing the image and not when over the button surface... p  precodeltStyle xKeyToolBarButton               TargetTypexType Button              BasedOnStaticResource xStatic ToolBar.ButtonStyleKeygt         ltSetter PropertyContentTemplategt             ltSetter.Valuegt                 ltDataTemplategt                     ltBorder BackgroundTransparent                               ToolTipBinding FullToolTip                               ToolTipService.IsEnabledBinding HasToolTipgt                         ltRectangle xSharedFalse                                    VisibilityBinding IconVisibility                                   HorizontalAlignmentStretch VerticalAlignmentStretch                                    Width16 Height16gt                             ltRectangle.Fillgt                                 ltVisualBrush StretchUniform VisualBinding IconSourcegt                             ltRectangle.Fillgt                         ltRectanglegt                     ltBordergt                 ltDataTemplategt             ltSetter.Valuegt         ltSettergt         ltSetter PropertyCaliburnAction.Target ValueBindinggt         ltSetter PropertyCaliburnMessage.Attach ValueBinding ActionTextgt     ltStylegt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a BB 10QNX app in which I need to use more recent version of SQLite than is default on BB 10. I thought I could do that by linking my own SQLite code with my app. I realized that in my qmakegenerated Makefile the option lsqlite3 is passed to qcc. In the library location optbbndktarget10201155qnx6armlev7usrlib I found the following filesp  precodesize filename 559386 libsqlite3.a 560662 libsqlite3S.a 15 libsqlite3.so gt libsqlite3.so.1 496503 libsqlite3.so.1 codepre  pI thought that I can replace libsqlite3.a with my own file compiled from latest sqlite3.c amalgamation. What confuses me is that the size of my application executable is just 180 kB, so the code from libsqlite3.a doesnt seem to be present in it. If SQLite is dynamically linked, Id expect the application archive .bar to contain libsqlite3.so, which also isnt true, because the archive is just 130 kB big. How is it possible that the application uses SQLite via Qt database classes, but SQLite code never makes it to the application archivep
Negative 63 pLet, say for instance i have a POJO class employee with three attributesp  p1.Name String 2.Location String 3.Date of Birth Datep  pthen i fired a query into database which retrieve first row of table and populate this POJO with table data as followsp  pName  john location  USA Date of Birth  27092014p  pTo retrieve the values from this POJO i have to call getName,getLocation and getDOB.p  pBut is there any method by which i can get all the values which is store in the POJO, in an Object type array without using getter method p  pfor examplep  precodeObject[0] has the value John. Object[1] has the value USA. Object[2] has the value 27092014. codepre  pIn my case, there are around 80 attributes in a class and number of these attributes increases because of client requirements and i am fetching each and every value by getter method and every time a single attribute is added i have to write a getter method in the code to fetch values. I basically want a more dynamic solution to this problem.p
Negative 63 pI have a website that access a sql database in localhost and it works, but when published in an Azure website, cant reach the database. Ive changed the connection string with visual studio on line pointing to a new database created in Azure, but cant reach the database.p  pThere is a way to track the error because the application only returns to the same webpage this is the caondition when the connection to the database fails.p  pAny suggestionp
Negative 63 pI have found this link have a simple and useable funciton to convert number to currency.p  pa hrefhttpwww.mredkj.comjavascriptnfbasic.html relnofollowwww.mredkj.comjavascriptnfbasic.htmlap  pbut how to turn it back form currency to number...p  pI already try this  p  precode[httpjsfiddle.netvb2cb1tm3]... codepre  pBut its failed...p  pI try to read a formatted string using javascript and make a counting on this valua...p
Negative 63 pI am trying to get some basic timing going in my c program. Basically I want to flip a bit a few times a seconds for a defined period. My problem is division doesnt seem to work properly with variable of the  codeclocktcode type. p  pHere is a minimal program which shows the problem, I tested it with both GCC and clangp  precodeinclude lttime.hgt include ltstdio.hgt  define CLOCKSPERBLINK CLOCKSPERSEC  4L  int main      printflin, CLOCKSPERSEC     printflin, CLOCKSPERBLINK     printflin, 4L     printflin, CLOCKSPERSECCLOCKSPERBLINK  codepre  pHere is the outputp  precode .a.out  1000000 250000 4 0 codepre  pI would have expected for the last line to return code4code.p
Negative 63 pI have fixed the issue with the infinite loops but it seems like now when I try to use the function find, it always returns a value null. Any ideas of whats happening Also for some reason Im getting a NullPointerException in my delete function. Please can you help me here guysp  precodepackage ui  import java.time.LocalDate  import bp.BinaryTree  public class Main       public static void mainString[] args          BinaryTree myTree  new BinaryTree         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,01         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,02         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,03         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2013,12,04         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2012,12,04         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2011,12,04         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2010,12,04         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,04         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,05         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,06         myTree.insertLocalDate.of2014,12,07         System.out.printlnmyTree          System.out.printlnmyTree.getSize         System.out.printlnmyTree.showMaximumValue         System.out.printlnmyTree.showMinimumValue         System.out.printlnmyTree.findLocalDate.of2014,12,07    public class BinaryTree implements IBinaryTree       public Node root  null     private int sizeOfTree  0       Override     public LocalDate showMinimumValue          Node current         Node lastnull         current  root         while current  null              last  current             current  current.getLeftChild                  return last.getDate           Override     public LocalDate showMaximumValue          Node current         Node lastnull         current  root         while current  null              last  current             current  current.getRightChild                  return last.getDate            Override     public boolean isEmpty          if root  null              return true          else             return false             public int getDepthNode n          int currentDepth  0         int depth  0         if n  null              currentDepth              if currentDepth gt depth                  depth  currentDepth                           getDepthn.getLeftChild             getDepthn.getRightChild              currentDepth                  return depth             Override     public int getSize           return sizeOfTree           Override     public void clear          root  null            Override     public void insertLocalDate valueToInsert          if isEmpty              root  new NodevalueToInsert             sizeOfTree          else              Node n  root             Node oldParent  null             boolean lastDirectWasLeft  false             sizeOfTree             while n  null                  oldParent  n                 if valueToInsert.isBeforen.getDate                      n  n.getLeftChild                     lastDirectWasLeft  true                  else                      n  n.getRightChild                     lastDirectWasLeft  false                                           if lastDirectWasLeft                  oldParent.setLeftChildnew NodevalueToInsert              else                  oldParent.setRightChildnew NodevalueToInsert                                   Override     public void deleteLocalDate valueToDelete          Node current  root         Node parent  root         boolean isLeftChild  true          while current.getDate  valueToDelete              parent  current             if valueToDelete.isBeforecurrent.getDate                  isLeftChild  true                 current  current.getLeftChild              else                  isLeftChild false                 current  current.getRightChild                          if current  null                  break                                When there is no children, cut the string         ifcurrent.getLeftChild.equalsnull                 ampamp current.getRightChild.equalsnull              if current  root                  root  null              else if isLeftChild                  parent.setLeftChildnull              else                  parent.setRightChildnull                                When there is no right child, replace with left child         else if current.getRightChild.equalsnull              if current  root                  root  current.getLeftChild              else if isLeftChild                  parent.setLeftChildcurrent.getLeftChild              else                 parent.setRightChildcurrent.getLeftChild                   When there is no left child, replace with right child         else if current.getLeftChild  null              if current  root                  root  current.getRightChild              else if isLeftChild                  parent.setLeftChildcurrent.getRightChild              else                 parent.setRightChildcurrent.getRightChild                   has grandchildren, pass them to the grandpas         else              find the grandchildren             Node successor  getSuccessorcurrent             if current  root                  root  successor              else if isLeftChild                  parent.setLeftChildsuccessor              else                  parent.setRightChildsuccessor                          bring grandkids and granppas together             successor.setLeftChildcurrent.getLeftChild                       private Node getSuccessor Node otroNode          Node successorParent  otroNode         Node successor  otroNode         Node current  otroNode.getRightChild         while current  null              successorParent  successor             successor  current             current  current.getLeftChild                   if successor  otroNode.getRightChild              successorParent.setLeftChildsuccessor.getRightChild             successor.setRightChildotroNode.getRightChild                   return successor                   Override     public Node findLocalDate valueToFind          Node current  root         while current.getDate  valueToFind              if valueToFind.isBeforecurrent.getDate                  current  current.getLeftChild              else                  current  current.getRightChild                          if current  null                  return null                               return current                if isEmpty              return null                  if root.getDate.isAftervalueToFind              findroot.getLeftChild.getDate           else if root.getDate.isBeforevalueToFind              findroot.getRightChild.getDate           else if root.getDate.equalsvalueToFind                 return root                  return null                private String toStringNode todoElArbol          if todoElArbol  null             return           else              return toStringtodoElArbol.getLeftChild  ,              todoElArbol.getDate  ,              toStringtodoElArbol.getRightChild             .replaceAll,, ,.replaceAll,, .replaceAll,,                       Override     public String toString          return toStringroot       codepre  pThe Node classp  precodeimport java.time.LocalDate   public class Node implements IBinaryTreeNode       private LocalDate date      private Node leftChild      private Node rightChild      public Node LocalDate valueToInsert          date  valueToInsert           Override     public LocalDate getDate           return date           Override     public void setDateLocalDate pDate           date  pDate           Override     public Node getLeftChild           return leftChild           Override     public void setLeftChildNode pLeftChild           leftChild  pLeftChild           Override     public Node getRightChild           return rightChild           Override     public void setRightChildNode pRightChild           rightChild  pRightChild        codepre
Negative 63 pIm working on an application where ive a task that can be stopped amp restarted later. for that ive two methods p  precodepublic static void TaskProcess              var tokenSource  new CancellationTokenSource         CancellationToken token  tokenSource.Token         var task  new Task              gt                                      DoWorktoken                 ,              token          task.ContinueWith             task1 gt                                      Console.WriteLineTask finished... press any key to continue                     Console.ReadKey                     Console.WriteLinePress q to quit...                 ,             token          task.Start          string input         while input  Console.ReadLine  q                      if input  c                              tokenSource.Cancel                          if input  r                              if task.IsCompleted                                       Here i want to restart my completed task                                  else                                      Console.WriteLineTask is not completed                                                  private static void DoWorkCancellationToken token              int i  0         while true                      i             Console.WriteLine0 Task continue..., i             Thread.Sleep1000              if token.IsCancellationRequested                              Console.WriteLineCanceling                 token.ThrowIfCancellationRequested                            codepre  pCurrently, i create new instance of Task and CancellationToken to restart the task but im looking for something better if possiblep  precodeif input  r                              if task.IsCompleted                                      Console.WriteLineTask is completed... Restarting                     tokenSource  new CancellationTokenSource                     token  tokenSource.Token                     CancellationToken token1  token                     task  new Task                          gt DoWorktoken1,                         token                     task.Start                                  else                                      Console.WriteLineTask is not completed                               codepre  pThanks for your help.p
Negative 63 pThe following server is supposed to p  pCASE 1  serve codemysitename.htmlcode if the request is codehttplocalhost8080codep  pCASE 2  serve the relevant file if the request is e.g. codehttplocalhost8080mysitename.htmlcodep  pCASE 3 send me an email if the request is codehttplocalhost8080contactformname..amp..amp...etc.codep  pIf I visit codehttplocalhost8080mysitename.htmlcodeeverything works fine. codemysitename.htmlcode is loaded and then all subsequent content .js, .css, .png etc. is loaded through it.p  pstrongPROBLEM strong However, if I visit codehttplocalhost8080code, the following happens p  ul liI get a strongFailed to load resource netERRINCOMPLETECHUNKEDENCODINGstrong error on the browsers Chrome console.li limysitename.html appears corrupted on the client. Parts of the DOM are missing and when I try to view the source page, it just hangs and never actually loads. Loading only part of the DOM is weird given that all DOM elements of this file are statichardcoded.li liWhats confusing is that the rest of the content .js, .css etc.. is loaded but nothing actually shows because of the corrupted .html. Is it possible that CASE1 is interrupted by CASE2 that follows right after it What exactly am I doing wrong li ul  pemCASE2 initially had an error which was causing an infinite loop found by Johnny Estilles see his answer below. This has since been fixed but the issues mentioned above now occur.emp  pstrongserver.jsstrongp  precode setting up email handler var nodemailer  requirenodemailer var emailHandlerService  Gmail var emailHandlerAddress   var emailHandlerPassword   var transporter  nodemailer.createTransport     service emailHandlerService,     auth          user emailHandlerAddress,         pass emailHandlerPassword         setting up http server var http  requirehttp var fs  requirefs var url  requireurl var path  requirepath var rootDir  dirname  public  var mimeTypes       html texthtml,     jpeg imagejpeg,     jpg imagejpeg,     png imagepng,       Even though the js mime type is set as well, scripts are still sent      as textplain according to the Chrome console. Why is that       js applicationjavascript,      css textcss,     ico imageico    initializing server var httpServer  http.createServerfunction request, response       CASE 1      if the user is on httplocalhost8080, load publicmysitename.html     if request.url                fs.readFilepublicmysitename.html, function err, html                       if err                              response.writeHead200, ContentType textplain                 response.write404 Not Foundn                 throw err                          else                              response.writeHeader200, ContentType texthtml                   response.writehtml                                      CASE 2      else if this is a contact form data request      forward the data to my email Ill make a more precise Regex for the request      else if contactform.testrequest.url              var parsedURL  url.parserequest.url, true         var name   parsedURL.query.name         var email   parsedURL.query.email         var subject   parsedURL.query.subject         var enquiry   parsedURL.query.enquiry         var browser  parsedURL.query.browsername                            parsedURL.query.browserversion          transporter.sendMail             from emailHandlerAddress,             to emailHandlerAddress,             subject subject,             text  NAME    name    EMAIL                        email    BROWSER     browser    DEVICE                        parsedURL.query.device    ENQUIRY    enquiry                   response.endJSON.stringifyparsedURL.query               CASE 3      if none of the above is true then this is a request to serve static files     else              var pathname  url.parserequest.url.pathname         var filename  path.joinrootDir, pathname          fs.existsfilename, function exists                       if exists                               fs.readFilepublic404.html, function err, html                                       if err                                              response.writeHead200, ContentType textplain                         response.write404 Not Foundn                         throw err                                          else                                              response.writeHeader200, ContentType texthtml                           response.writehtml                                           response.end                                           else                                  var requestedFileExtension  path.extnamefilename.split.[1]                 var mimeType  mimeTypes[requestedFileExtension]  textplain                   as I noted above, this doesnt seem to have any effect                   for my .js files                 response.writeHead200, mimeType                  var fileStream  fs.createReadStreamfilename                 fileStream.piperesponse                            .listen8080 codepre
Negative 63 pI know that Undefined Index questions have been asked and answered before. But please humor me for a second. I couldnt find the answer to this specific case. And an unusual case it is.p  pThis works without a problem...p  precodeltphp sessionstart if   isset   SESSION[loggedin]        SESSION[loggedin]  FALSE   expiry  time60609000 setcookieloggedin, foo, expiry  echo sessionvalue  . SESSION[loggedin] . ltbrgt echo cookievalue  . COOKIE[loggedin] . ltbrgt  gt codepre  p...producing this outputp  precodesessionvalue 1 cookievalue foo codepre  pHowever, when I change the Name parameter in the setCookie to an array like sop  precodeltphp   sessionstart   if   isset   SESSION[loggedin]        SESSION[loggedin]  FALSE       expiry  time60609000   setcookiecookievalue[loggedin], foo, expiry    echo sessionvalue  . SESSION[loggedin] . ltbrgt   echo cookievalue  . COOKIE[cookievalue[loggedin]] . ltbrgt  gt codepre  pI get the Undefined Index notice like sop  precodesessionvalue 1  Notice Undefined index cookievalue[loggedin] in ApplicationsXAMPPxamppfileshtdocssimpleauthheadersessioncookie.php on line 13 cookievalue codepre  pWhat can I declare, and how, to avoid the Notice in the second casep
Negative 63 pI have a scenario where I need to display contact list  in my app. I am able to get name,phone,email etc. I am also getting imageuri for contacts  photo.  So, how to lazy load images from URI rather than  traditional URL lazy loading of images. Brp  pMy URI for some contact is below brp  precode contentcom.android.contactscontacts400 codepre  pCan any help me in finding a way in which  I can lazyload the images from URI.p  pThanks in advance,p
Negative 63 pIve searched for this particular topic and couldnt find anything similar to it. If there is please close this and give a link.p  pIm creating a json data api simulator. I want users to be able to copy and paste a json object request into a textarea where they can also modify it before sending it to the server. p  pProblem is json obj copy and patses often results in extra spaces and is never aligned properly, even with the pre tag. I also want a good color scheme applied to keys and values.p  pIve seen plugins, other questions and snippets of code, but they dont apply to textareas where the text is editable. Is there to keep it styled while in edit mode without it showing all the html tags that styled it I want to be able to write it from scratch with javascript or jquery.p
Negative 63 pSimply put, Im trying to move a submenu from one location to another. Easy  I need to do this without losing any event handlers, etc. Harderp  precode  ltul idMenu Agt       ltli idsubmenugtMy Submenu with Clicky Eventsltligt   ltulgt   ltul idMenu Bgt       ltThis is where I want to move submenu with all its events intact gt   ltulgt codepre  pIve tried the following without successp  precode    var submenu  submenu.clonetrue,true     submenu.prependTo.Menu B  codepre  pIdeally, I can find a solution without using jQuery, but if you have a solution that works with it, that would be okay.p
Negative 63 pIm plotting a heatmap in gnuplot from a text file that is in matrix formatp  precodez11 z12 z13 z21 z22 z23 z31 z32 z33 codepre  pand so forth, using the following command not including axis labelling, etc, for brevityp  precodeplot sometextfile.txt matrix notitle with image codepre  pThe matrix is quite large, in excess of 50 000 elements in the majority of cases, and its mostly due to the size of my ydimension rows. I would like to know if theres a way to change the limits in the ydimension for a set number of values around a maximum, while keeping the x and z dimensions the same. E.g. if a maximum in the matrix is at [4000, 33], I want my y range to be centred at 4000  lets say 20 of length of the ydimension.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm migrating hadoop 1.0.4 codes into a Hadoop 2.3 platform, and met with a weird behavior change of DistributedCachep  pIn hadoop 1, if we want to cache a file at codeuserfoofilebarname.avrocode, the DistributedCache will copy this file into a local cache folder, and create the same sub directories accordingly. So the file is stored at code[ROOTOFTMPCACHEDIR]userfoofilebarname.avrocode.p  pNow the same codes in Hadoop 2 will put the file directly in the root folder without creating any sub directories. So now the cached file is stored at code[ROOTOFTMPCACHEDIR]name.avrocode. p  pThis will cause name conflicts if we are caching multiple files especially when file names are like codepartr00000.avrocode.p  pOf course, applying a link and renaming the cached file into a unique name can be one way to solve this problem but more generally, creating unique names seem to be trivial in many cases, especially when needs to guarantee unique names across different mappersreducers. Im wondering if there any other ways to change this behavior, such as creating a folder within the tmp dir or maybe tune a mapreduce configuration parameterp  pOne way I tried is try to make the URI into pathpath, so we are linking to ourselves, but seem to get the following exceptionp  precode14102014 160541 PDT admmtrain INFO  Caused by java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Resource name must be relative 14102014 160541 PDT admmtrain INFO    at org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.MRApps.parseDistributedCacheArtifactsMRApps.java489 14102014 160541 PDT admmtrain INFO    at org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.v2.util.MRApps.setupDistributedCacheMRApps.java430 14102014 160541 PDT admmtrain INFO    at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.YARNRunner.createApplicationSubmissionContextYARNRunner.java455 14102014 160541 PDT admmtrain INFO    at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.YARNRunner.submitJobYARNRunner.java283 14102014 160541 PDT admmtrain INFO    at org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.JobSubmitter.submitJobInternalJobSubmitter.java432 codepre
Negative 63 pI do all my work on a 13 macbook and there are times when I need to send the designer screenshots of the ViewController Im working on. Usually I have to take multiple screenshots but I was wondering if anyone knows of an app or a way to do it from Xcode.p
Negative 63 pI read in a forum that Weblogic comes with a version of Spring inside it, but I have been searching how to use that and I didnt find a way.p  pIs it truep  pIs there a way to deploy a Spring application in Weblogic without put the jars related to Spring inside the application or in Weblogics lib directoryp  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI am facing problem while using angularjs withp  precodelocationProvider.html5Modetrue.hashPrefix codepre  pEverything Working fine with routing, expect cookieStore not working under the functions defined in controller scope, may be because of the .HTACCESS i added.p  pi cant find any solution,now using window.localStorage anybody here have a solutionp  pmy sample code is followp  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precode ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault ngclickdoLogingtSign inltbuttongt codepre  pstrongAPPLICATION SCRIPTstrongp  precodevar app  angular.modulestarter, [ngRoute,ngCookies]   app.configfunctionrouteProvider, locationProvider       routeProvider      .whendashboard,      templateUrl pagesdashboard.html,     controller dashboardApp            .otherwise     redirectTo ,     templateUrl pageslogin.html,     controller loginApp            locationProvider.html5Modetrue.hashPrefix     app.controllerloginApp, functionscope , cookieStore        This working fine     cookieStore.putGreet,Welcome to Angular           scope.doLogin  function                   Here no cookie has been setting up            cookieStore.putloggedin, true      codepre  pp  pstrong.HTACCESSstrongp  precodeBEGIN Options FollowSymLinks  ltifModule modrewrite.cgt     RewriteEngine On     RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f [OR]     RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d     RewriteRule   [L]     RewriteRule  index.html [L] ltifModulegt  END codepre
Negative 63 pI am a new student of SQL database. Today, I conceived of a system to track accommodation status in my hostel. I do not know how to plan the database field and constraints  it is giving me troubles.p  pWhat I want is A user can register himself to by providing his detailsname, address, type of bed desired, type of room desired. The user can look for the availability of rooms and beds. For instance, Room number 1 has 2 beds bed 1 and bed 2. Room number 2 has the same number of beds as Room number 1. I want to track Room number 1s bed status vacated or allocated.If 1 is available, then I can register myself to Room number 1  bed 2, by providing my details.p  pMy analysis Room    RoomID, 2 Beds, Both Beds Status User    RoomID, BedID, joindate, vacatedatep  pSuppose Room 1bed 2 is not allotted, I could register so that its status becomes allotted.p  por some effective concept to track and register user to Room, bedwise.p  pDoes anyone know of an effective way to create this systemp
Negative 63 pI have the following scenario p  pIm using bootstrap to develop this site. When I hover into a list group, everything is suppose to have a trnasition into a blue background color and the text should go white. It works though the styles dont apply to the H4. p  pHeres the css code p  precode.styledgrouprightitem     padding 20px     marginleft 100px  .limitedlistgroup     height auto     maxheight 500px     overflowy scroll  .authorpubdateinfo     fontweight bold  .listgroupitemswitchhonbloghover     transition all 0.5s ease important     color fff important     backgroundcolor 2980b9 important  .listgroupitemswitchhonblog     transition all 0.5s ease  codepre  pAnd here is the markup p  precodeltdiv classlistgroup limitedlistgroupgt                     lta href classlistgroupitem clearfix listgroupitemswitchhonbloggt                        ltdiv classpullleftgt                            ltimg srchttpplacehold.it100x100 classbtncentergt                        ltdivgt                          ltdiv classstyledgrouprightitemgt                             lth4 classlistgroupitemheadinggtLorem Ipsum Dolor Sit Ametlth4gt                             ltp classlistgroupitemtextgtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed eget interdum libero. Vivamus pharetra faucibus.ltpgt                             ltspan classauthorpubdateinfogtAutor John Doe  Fecha 11 de Noviembre de 2014ltspangt                         ltdivgt                     ltagt                 ltdivgt codepre  pAnd heres a fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nety7d5fm1w relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.nety7d5fm1wap  pWhat I have tried so far add another class like this p  precode.listgroupitemswitchhonbloghover h4     transition all 0.5s ease important     color fff important     backgroundcolor 2980b9 important  codepre  pBut that creates a very funny effect, try it on fiddle, its not good. p  pAny ideas how to apply the styles into the h4, please Im all ears. p
Negative 63 pI am aware of the new browser spec regarding the  element to enable web developers to specify different image sources for different media breakpoints.p  pAFAIK it is at least supported partly by major browsers but not fully implemented everywhere. So I am looking for a JS fallback that enables me to implement the  strategy and fall back to JS where needed.p  pIn addition I would not only serve responsive images, but also different PPI versions in relation to the scale factor of the device.p  pWhat is the best approach  library  implementation strategy herep
Negative 63 pI want to display a table from Database and display it, But Also want to modify a particular column based on a functionp  precodeQSqlTableModel model  new QSqlTableModelparentObject, database     modelgtsetTableemployee     modelgtsetEditStrategyQSqlTableModelOnManualSubmit     modelgtselect     modelgtsetHeaderData0, QtHorizontal, trName     modelgtsetHeaderData1, QtHorizontal, trSalary     modelgtsetHeaderData2, QtHorizontal, trencrypteditem     QTableView view  new QTableView     viewgtsetModelmodel     viewgthideColumn0  dont show the ID     viewgtshow  codepre  pBut now instead of printing encrypted item , I want to decrypt and display it, How can I do it  p
Negative 63 pI am using the following function to verify if someone has logged in......p  precode.ajax        type GET,     url urlresourcesuserlogincheck,     dataType json,     async false,     data ,     beforeSend function xhr          xhr.setRequestHeaderAuthorization, makebaseauthusername, password          xhr.setRequestHeaderUSERSCHOOL, schoolid     ,     success function          alertThanks for your login in      ,     fail function          alertoops nothing much       codepre  pUnfortunately I keep getting the error that authorisation header Is not allowed as below p  pRequest header field authorization is not allowed by AccessControlAllowHeaders. p  pI have checked with my api and I have added the authorization to the header. I am not sure where am going wrong p
Negative 63 pI have a C program that basically use codecincode and codecoutcode as IO only. While I try to compile and run through Sublime Texts codeRuncode function Tools  Run. p  pCurrently ST Run is just ignoring input command and do the output with default value directly in the bottom column in ST. How should I configure to make the program run in a new Terminal window or using REPLp  pAttachment  Current build settingp  precode     cmd [g, file, o, filepathfilebasename],     fileregex ..[][09][09] .,     workingdir filepath,     selector source.c, source.c,      variants     [                      name Run,             cmd [bash, c, g file o filepathfilebasename ampamp filepathfilebasename]              ]  codepre
Negative 63 pIm developing two Ruby gems simultaneously, one of which depends on the other. Say my gem names are foo and bar. bar depends on foo, so its gemspec includes thisp  precodes.addruntimedependency foo, gt 0  More dependencies... codepre  pAnd my Gemfilep  precodesource httpsrubygems.org  gemspec codepre  pOf course, running codebundle installcode now will give me an error since foo is placed in a local folder.p  pI dont want to comment out the dependency line, nor do I want to point it to a local folder, because that would be a local change that I would emneverem commit to my Git repo. It would be taking up space under codegit statuscode and it would be in the way when I need to make modifications to the file.p  pIm hoping there are some tricks I can do with some environment variables that will let Bundler know where foo is, and count it as already installed. Is that possiblep
Negative 63 pI am trying to create my first Widget for the home screen. I have read the tutorial on the developer site, combed the web for tutorials, tipps and problem solutions but still cant seem to get it to work. p  pstrongProblemstrongp  pI can run the App without any problems. I can also select the Widget for my App from the menu long click on home screen  AndroidWidgets  List of available Widgets. When I select my widget though, I get the following error message as a toast Application is not installed on your phone.p  pHere my strongsource codestrongp  pEntry in the manifestp  precodeltreceiver androidname.SubscriberStateWidgetProvider gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.appwidget.action.APPWIDGETUPDATE gt         ltintentfiltergt          ltmetadata             androidnameandroid.appwidget.provider             androidresourcexmlsubscriberstatuswidget gt ltreceivergt codepre  pAppWidgetInfoProvider xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltappwidgetprovider xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid   androidminWidth40dp   androidminHeight40dp   androidupdatePeriodMillis300000   androidconfigurede.xxx.SubscriberStateWidgetProvidergt ltappwidgetprovidergt codepre  pLayoutFilep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltFrameLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid   androidlayoutwidthmatchparent   androidlayoutheightmatchparent   androidpaddingdimenwidgetmargingt  ltRelativeLayout     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparentgt        ltImageView           androidididsubscriberStateWidgetImage           androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent           androidlayoutheightwrapcontent           androidsrcdrawableaccapplogo           androidlayoutalignParentToptrue           androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue           androidlayoutmargin5dp gt       ltTextView            androidididsubscriberStateWidgetTextViewLable           androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent           androidlayoutheightwrapcontent           androidtextstringsubscriberStatusText           androidlayouttoRightOfidsubscriberStateWidgetImage           androidlayoutalignTopidsubscriberStateWidgetImage           androidlayoutmarginLeft5dpgt         ltTextView            androidididsubscriberStateWidgetTextViewInfo           androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent           androidlayoutheightwrapcontent           androidlayouttoRightOfidsubscriberStateWidgetImage           androidlayoutbelowidsubscriberStateWidgetTextViewLable           androidlayoutalignBottomidsubscriberStateWidgetImage           androidlayoutmarginLeft5dp           androidtextstringsubscriberStatusUnknowngt    ltRelativeLayoutgt ltFrameLayoutgt codepre  pAppWidgetProviderKlassp  precodepublic class SubscriberStateWidgetProvider extends AppWidgetProvider  public String SUBSCRIBERWIDGETUPDATE  subscriberWidgetUpdate   Override public void onUpdateContext context, AppWidgetManager appWidgetManager,         int[] appWidgetIds       TODO Autogenerated method stub     super.onUpdatecontext, appWidgetManager, appWidgetIds      final int N  appWidgetIds.length       Perform this loop procedure for each App Widget that belongs to this provider     for int i0 iltN i          int appWidgetId  appWidgetIds[i]        codepre  pPossible causes that I have excludedp  ul liDouble declaration of the launch Activity in the manifestli liSystax error in widget providerli liDouble permissen declaraion in the manifestli liDouble Widget declaration in the manifestli liThe app is defenetly installed. I can select it from the application menu and it works perfectly.li ul  pI have also tried creating the widget when the app is running started app, pushed button to go to home screen and when app is not running started app, used back button to stop the app and get the same behaviour both times.p  pThere are no error or warning entries in the LogCat or my Log file.p  pI would really appriciate any ideas, solutions or help you might have. Thanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI would like to mock the following codeCanonPersoncode modelp  precodedef computeself, issendemails, testemailaddress         cpses  CanonPerson.objects.filterpersonsvpd6,                                            personscountryUnited States,                                            personsroleicontainsIX.prefetchrelatedpersons.usingglobal          for cp in cpses            ... codepre  pI am quite lost how to mock codeCanonPerson.objects.filtercode to return me an interable collection, so that I can continue. p  pThis is what I have done so farp  precodedef testXcountself     with mock.patchapps.dbank.models.CanonPerson.objects.filter as canonpatch         mockcp  mock.MagicMockspecCanonPerson         mockperson  mock.MagicMockspecPerson         mockperson.vpd  6         mockcp.country  United States         mockcp.role  IX         mockcp.persons.addmockperson         canonpatch.objects.filter.returnvalue  [mockcp]           oi  OptinInvites         oi.computeFalse, None         oi.getmostrecentemail.assertcalledoncewith1 codepre  pIn the compute function I can see codecpsescode is a MagicMock type. However it is not iterable and the codefor loopcode there after, just jumps over it. I thought by setting the return value to code[mockcp]code I would have created an iterable listp
Negative 63 pIf SharePoint 2013 is configured using a SQL Server 2008 R2 instance with Reporting Services enabled, can SQL Server be upgraded to 2012 in place i.e., without rebuilding and migrating your SharePoint sitesp
Negative 63 pI am developing a server with the a hrefhttpscode.google.compgoogleappenginewikiSdkForGoReleaseNotes relnofollowlatesta a hrefhttpscloud.google.comappenginedocsgo relnofollowGo GAE SDKa. I am running tests after every changep  precodegoapp test test.vtrue codepre  pI am using codecovercode to record coverage as described by codegoapp help testflagcodep  precodegoapp test cover test.vtrue test.coverprofilec.out [..] coverage 53.8 of statements ok      varlibjenkinsjobsloyaltyworkspace    30.464s codepre  pThis completes successfully and prints the percentage of lines covered by tests. However, strongattempting to visualize the results failsstrongp  precodegoapp tool cover htmlc.out cover cant find app.go cannot find package homeingogitloyalty in any of homeingoDownloadsgoappenginesdklinuxamd641.9.10goappenginegorootsrcpkghomeingogitloyalty from GOROOT homeingogitloyaltysrchomeingogitloyalty from GOPATH codepre  pDoes Gos cover tool only work on nonGAE apps Do I have to package my app differently in order to visualize the coverage resultsp  pI unsuccessfully asked this a hrefhttpsgroups.google.comdtopicgolangnuts9UswOWUvktwdiscussion relnofollowon golangnutsa before.p
Negative 63 pHow to copy an entity from one context inheriting from codeDbContextcode to anotherp  pEverything I have found up to works only for codeObjectContextcode but not for the codeDbContextcode or uses codeDbContextcode but does not work.p  pFor example, I have foundtriedp  ul liUses ObjectContext CloneHelper on CodeProjectli liSetting LazyLoadingEnabled to false results in not filling the ICollectionlt properties foreignkeysli liSetting ProxyCreationEnabled to false results in keeping the ICollectionlt properties as null foreignkeysli liEntrylt.StateDetached results in not filling the ICollectionlt properties foreignkeys if set before attaching the property, or blocks clearing Id if set later on.li liAsNoTracking results in an exception one of the following, depends whether inserting to the remote context first an item from the parents ICollectionlt property or first the parent ul liParent The object in the ModelFirstSubFirstTarget role cannot be automatically added to the context because it was retrieved using the NoTracking merge option. Explicitly attach the entity to the ObjectContext before defining the relationship.li liItem The object could not be added or attached because its EntityReference has an EntityKey property value that does not match the EntityKey for this object.li ulli ul  pI will use it for two purposesp  ol liCopy everything from one database to another the destination will be a clone of the original a local copy of a remote database. Ids of objects should be preserved.li liAdd or update selected entities from one database to another upstreaming changes in the local cache to the remote origin. Ids of the newly created objects does not need to be persisted.li ol  pHow to perform that p  pEF 6.1.1, .NET 4.5.2, Cp  pHere is the test code which tries to simulate the second action upstreaming changes back to the remote databasep  precodevar addedFirst  localContext.Firsts.AsNoTracking.Singlem gt m.Id  4 var updatedFirst  localContext.Firsts.AsNoTracking.Singlem gt m.Id  2  addedFirst.Items.First.Id  0 addedFirst.Items.First.FirstId  0 addedFirst.Id  0  remoteContext.FirstItems.AddaddedFirst.Items.First remoteContext.Firsts.AddaddedFirst  var originalFirst  remoteContext.Firsts.Singlem gt m.Id  2 var originalItem  originalFirst.Items.First originalItem.Title  updatedFirst.Items.First.Title codepre  pHere is the modelp  precodepublic class ModelFirstBase      public virtual int Id  get set      public virtual ICollectionltModelFirstSubgt Items  get set      public virtual string Title  get set    public class ModelFirstSub      public virtual int Id  get set      public virtual int FirstId  get set      public virtual ModelFirstBase First  get set      public virtual string Title  get set   codepre  pPS The properties needs to be kept virtual as the model is shared with the production app which benefits from dynamic proxies.p
Negative 63 pI have a shiny app that allows users to upload their own data and do a few tasks. Depending on their data size and the type of tasks they would want to perform, sometimes the process gets long and even lasting forever. I would like to add the stop function in which users can click on it and the current task will stop and they can continue to some other tasks. How should I do itp  pMy second question is related to the first one. Say one of my app users has deployed a very heavy process and it has heavily occupied my CPU but the user himself has not initiated the stop signal. I would like to impose a time out command so that the app will be automatically terminated say after 5 minutes. How can I set it upp  pMany thanks and best regards,p  pcloudyp
Negative 63 pCan any one give me an idea how i can exportshare a .blend file in blenders with the textures Baking textures is one way but i want to export the file without baking and all the textures.p  pthanxp
Negative 63 pI have a url which is similar to belowp  pa hrefhttpwww.example.comindex.htmljeff345kolampremoveab67amptesttester123ampignore78ujy relnofollowhttpwww.example.comindex.htmljeff345kolampremoveab67amptesttester123ampignore78ujyap  pI want to remove ampremove and ampignore arguments from the url and after removing its should like as belowp  pa hrefhttpwww.example.comindex.htmljeff345kolamptesttester123 relnofollowhttpwww.example.comindex.htmljeff345kolamptesttester123ap  pIs it possible to implement it in Nginx  p
Negative 63 pI have a function that should return an object of class A if i is positive, return an integer else. This is a strong simplified example, and i can not use overloading p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  template lttypename Tgt Tamp functionint i     T res     if igt0         A res  1          else         int res  5          return res    int main     A res1  function5     int res2  function5     return 0  codepre
Negative 63 pI have gone through many doccument. it shows like cordova is a power booster or somethink like that for the phonegap. Apart from that i need to know the differences at the time of implementation.p  pfor example if we create a project in cmd for cordova it will be like,p  precode  cordova create hello com.example.hello HelloWorld      cd hello      cordova platform add android      cordova build codepre  pfor phonegap it will be,p  precode phonegap create hello com.example.hello HelloWorld      cd hello      phonegap platform add android      phonegap build codepre
Negative 63 pHere is a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netEZ56N137 relnofollowfiddlea examplep  pI have trouble getting the codethiscode to work in the source function with jQueryUI autocomplete. The console shows that the search input isnt able to get its data attribute name before sending out an Ajax request. Is there any way to pass the variable name to codedatacodep  precode.input.autocomplete     source function request, response          var name  this.dataname         console.logname         .ajax             url url,             dataType json,             data                  q request.term,                 field name             ,             success function data                  response.mapdata.query.results.json.json, function item                      return                          label item.name,                                                                 ,     minLength 2,     select function event, ui          this.valui.item.label         this.valui.item.label     ,     open function           this.autocompletewidget.width400       codepre
Negative 63 pI want to test process method of the codeProcessServiceImplcode class, with mocking private methods codereadContentcode and codeisValidFilecode and codeuserServicecode class.p  precodeNamedprocessServiceImpl public class ProcessServiceImpl       Inject     private UserService userService      public User processLong userId, File inputFile throws InvalidFileException          User user  userService.loaduserId         String fileContent  readContentinputFile         if isValidFilefileContent              User updatedUser  userService.updateUseruser, fileContent             return updatedUser          else              throw new InvalidFileException                    private String readContentFile inputFile          implementation           private boolean isValidFileString fileContent          implementation       codepre  pI mocked up codeUserServicecode and injected it successfully. but i cant mock the private methods of the class under the test. Based on a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions24427685mockingprivatemethodofclassundertestusingjmockitthisa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17218726mockaprivatemethodoftheclassundertestinjmockitthisa links i tried to mock them with codeNonStrictExpectationscode but it has not any codeinvokecode method Is there another way to do this Im using jmockit1.8p  precodenew NonStrictExpectationsprocessServiceImpl      invokeprocessServiceImpl, readContent      result    codepre
Negative 63 pHas anyone been able to squelch these warnings, while the sprocketsrailssassrails folks iron out the issue Im dealing with superslow compiling times in development. I know that theyre not actually harmful, but theyre driving me nuts. p  pIm using Rails 4.1.6, the 5.0Beta of sassrails, and the newest sprocketsrails 2.2.0 gem that works with my setup 3.0Beta doesnt work yet. p  pI know I can downgrade to Sass 3.2 but I have sprinkled Susy 2 all over my site and want to keep it that way if possible. p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to query a tablewishlisttable to see how many times a member appears in it.p  pThe business rule I am trying to implement is that a member can have at most five items on there wishlist at any one time.p  pI have been told to do this as a domain constraint so i have created a function to check how many time a membersId appear in the wishlist table but i get an error when calling the from my check constraintp  precodeCREATE TABLE WishlistTest  WishlistId NUMERIC6 NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY, CONSTRAINT chkWishlist CHECK sw3.wishListUpToFiveItems gt 0 AND sw3.wishListUpToFiveItems lt 5    CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION functionWishListUpToFiveItems RETURN number IS total number1  0 BEGIN SELECT count into total FROM Member WHERE MemberId  1  IF total lt 5 THEN     return total ELSE RETURN 1 END IF END codepre  pIf someone could tell me a better way of going about this or see what I am doing wrong it would be greatp
Negative 63 pUsing ColorFilter Im able to get a nice resultp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZIlfl.png altenter image description herep  pBut thats not quite mock exact. Id like to get something like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCAdnW.png altenter image description herep  pHow can I achieve such thing without preprocessingp
Negative 63 pIm working on AWS strongElastic Transcoderstrong using PHP API. I would like to have the video output to have the same strongAspectRatiostrong as the input video.p  pDo we need a custom preset for that I tried seeing the options. But, there is no option for auto strongAspectRationstrongp
Negative 63 pIm having issues with the paypal sandbox api today. It seems that Im getting no return data back from PayPal. None of the code has changed and it was tested and working last night. p  pI am using the Angeleye classic API library. a hrefhttpswww.angelleye.comproductphpclasslibrarypaypal relnofollowhttpswww.angelleye.comproductphpclasslibrarypaypalap  pIn my code I am using their adaptive payment API. p  pThe errors Im getting are p  pWarning DOMDocumentloadXML Empty string supplied as input in srcangelleyePayPalAdaptive.php on line 1394p  pWarning DOMDocumentloadXML Empty string supplied as input in srcangelleyePayPalAdaptive.php on line 158p  pBoth of those places are for PayPal Return Data. p  pOther than my sent data I am gettingp  p[Errors]  Array   [Ack]  [Build]  [CorrelationID]  [Timestamp]  [PreapprovalKey]  [RedirectURL]  [XMLRequest] p  pand at the end I have [XMLResponse]  p  pAny ideasp  pIs there someone that can tell me if they changed something with the API or if PayPal is having issues with their Sandbox enviorment p  pI checked their normal API status page but it doesnt seem to cover their Sandbox enviorment. p
Negative 63 pWhile working with the strongrequestAnimationFrame APIstrong, I encountered a problem. It might be because the strongstructurestrong I use is wrong, but it seems logical to me.p  pWhat I basically do is a very easy backgroundposition manipulation for an infinite falling effectp  p This version is simplified, but demonstrative p  precodecache.mechanism.snowFall  function      cache.snow.position.y      if cache.snow.position.y gt cache.viewport.height           cache.snow.position.y  cache.viewport.height           cache.snow.elem.style.backgroundPosition  0px   cache.snow.position.y  px      requestAnimationFrame cache.mechanism.snowFall    codepre  pActually, it moves the background position 1px lower with every animation frame.   Resets when neccessary, to avoid high paint times, and FPS loss p  pI initialize it by callingp  precodecache.mechanism.snowFall codepre  pSo, it runs fine, with a very high FPS, but it is not possible to stop it.p  precodecancelAnimationFrame cache.mechanism.snowFall  codepre  pdoes nothing, and returns undefined.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to solve the a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comedupythonexercisesbasic relnofollowGoogles Python Basic Exercisesa and I tried solving this particular one about lists with list comprehensionp  precode D. Given a list of numbers, return a list where  all adjacent  elements have been reduced to a single element,  so [1, 2, 2, 3] returns [1, 2, 3]. You may create a new list or  modify the passed in list. def removeadjacentnums   newList  []   newList  [i for i in nums if lennewList  0 or nums[i]  newList[1]]   return newList codepre  pObviously, output is not what I expected, and the authormade test function underlines thisp  precodegot [2, 2, 3, 3, 3] expected [2, 3] got [1, 2, 2, 3] expected [1, 2, 3] codepre  pWhats wrong with my functionp
Negative 63 precodeimport java.util. public class Exam22      public static void mainString[]args          Random rand  new Random         int roll  0         int roll2  0         int tries  0          whileroll  2  0 ampamp roll2  2  0              roll  rand.nextInt8  1             roll2  rand.nextInt8  1             System.out.println  roll  ,   roll2               tries                   System.out.printlnyou won after   tries   tries       codepre  pMy assignment is to simulate rolling two 8sided dice and only stop once both numbers are even. Im not sure what Im doing wrong and have tried a bunch of different things to see if it would work the way I need it to work. Any advice would be much appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 63 pI have the following test class p  precodeRunWithSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.class ContextConfigurationlocations   filesrcmainwebappWEBINFspringapplicationcontext.xml  public class TestSanity      Test    public void testSanity         new AnotherTestClass.simpleTest      codepre  pProblem is AnotherTestClass autowire fields are all null the spring context didnt load.  here is AnotherTestClass p  precodeRunWithSpringJUnit4ClassRunner.class ContextConfigurationlocations   filesrcmainwebappWEBINFspringapplicationcontext.xml  public class AnotherTestClass     Autowired   private PlayerService playerService   Autowired   private IPlayerSessionService playerSessionService   Autowired   private PlayerRepository playerRepository     Test   public void simpleTest          ...       Test   public void complexAndLongTest          ...    codepre  pThing is both tests in  AnotherTestClass  runs perfectly when i test.  How can i make the autowire fields to get injectedp  pThanksp
Negative 63 pSuppose I have two spacedelimited strings in my bash script, which arep  precodepermittedhostsnode1 node2 node3 codepre  pandp  precoderunslistrun1 run2 run3 run4 run5 codepre  pThese respectively represent the list of permitted hosts and the list of runs to execute.  So, I need to run each of the runs in coderunslistcode on 1 of the hosts in codepermittedhostscode.p  pWhat Id like to do is divide coderunslistcode into codeNcode substrings, where codeNcode is the number of elements in codepermittedhostscode and where each of the codeNcode substrings is mapped to a different element in codepermittedhostscode.p  pIf thats confusing, then consider this concrete workaround solution.  For the exact given values of codepermittedhostscode and coderunslistcode above, the following bash script checks the current host, and if the current host is in codepermittedhostscode, then it launches the runs in coderunslistcode that are associated with the current host.  Of course, this script doesnt use the variables codepermittedhostscode and coderunslistcode, but it achieves the desired effect for the given example.  What Im really trying to do is modify the code below so that I can modify the values of variables codepermittedhostscode and coderunslistcode and it will work appropriately.p  precodebinbash hostnamehostname if [ hostname  node1 ] then     runsrun1 run2 elif [ hostname  node2 ] then     runsrun3 run4 elif [ hostname  node3 ] then     runsrun5 else     echo ERROR Invoked on invalid host hostname Aborting.      exit 0 fi  for run in runs do     .launch run done codepre
Negative 63 pI want to set a array in Global variable  rootScope at the time of app load. I get the data from the Questions service. Since I want to cache the Questions on load time, I tried a lot of things to cache it in rootScope in angular module run function. But there is lag due to asynchronous call everytime. Lag means I get data rendered on page when I open the page for the second time.p  pOne solution tried which worked  Return promise in the Questions service all method  But the caveat is that it will call the api eveytime I do a Questions service codeallcode method. p  pPlease suggest.p  pFollowing is my codep  pApp.jsp  precodeangular.modulestarter, [ionic, starter.controllers, starter.services]  .runfunction ionicPlatform, Questions,rootScope      ionicPlatform.readyfunction            Hide the accessory bar by default remove this to show the accessory bar above the keyboard          for form inputs         if window.cordova ampamp window.cordova.plugins.Keyboard              cordova.plugins.Keyboard.hideKeyboardAccessoryBartrue                  if window.StatusBar               org.apache.cordova.statusbar required             StatusBar.styleDefault                starter.services. Questions.store.thenfunction res  rootScope.questions  res.data    codepre  pControllers.jsp  precodeangular.modulestarter.controllers, []  .controllerDotnetCtrl, function scope, Questions, rootScope      scope.questions  Questions.all  codepre  pService.jsp  precode.factoryQuestions, function http  var questions  []  http.gethttpapi.clickmynotes.comapiquestions.successfunction data  questions  data   return      all function           return questions      ,     get function id          return questions[id]        codepre
Negative 63 pi have a javajetty websocket and i would like to use a WSS in javascript with my https,  i have problems of access to the wss using a jks. Ive used with GeoTrust to my https and i follow this steps a hrefhttpwww.geotrust.euensupportmanualsjavajavabasedwebserverkeytoolcommands relnofollowhttpwww.geotrust.euensupportmanualsjavajavabasedwebserverkeytoolcommandsa to create my jks in jetty but nothing happens, with this jks i can access with a java client but not with a javascript and https client. Thanks.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to send a post request containing a variable, but it says that the variable is undefined, here is my code .. The first function is the view containing the form. The second function is the callback of the post request of the form. I echoed out the variable in the view and it succeeded but the error shows up in the second function ..p  precodepublic function resetcode      return Viewmakerecover, arraycode gt code, passwordReset gt 1,noLoginForm gt 1   public function postResetPassword      validator  ValidatormakeInputall, arraytemppassword gt required,newpassword gt requiredmin6,cnewpassword gtrequiredsamenewpassword      ifvalidatorgtfails         return Viewmakerecover, arraypasswordReset gt 1,noLoginForm gt 1gtwithErrorsvalidator     else   The error shows up in the following line in the code variable comparison         user  Userwheretemppassword,,gtwherecode,,codegtfirst         ifuser              usergtpassword  HashmakeInputgetnewpassword             usergttemppassword               ifusergtsave                 return Redirectroutelogingtwithmsg,Password changed correctly, use your new password to login.          else              return Viewmakerecover, arraypasswordReset gt 1,noLoginForm gt 1,error gtInvalid temporary password, please make sure you typed the password sent to you correctly.                codepre  pHere is the error logp  precode[20141113 095015] production.ERROR exception ErrorException with message Undefined variable code in CwampwwwbuddylyappcontrollersUserController.php155 Stack trace 0 CwampwwwbuddylyappcontrollersUserController.php155 IlluminateExceptionHandlergthandleError8, Undefined varia..., Cwampwwwbud..., 155, Array 1 [internal function] UserControllergtpostResetPassword 2 CwampwwwbuddylyvendorlaravelframeworksrcIlluminateRoutingController.php231 calluserfuncarrayArray, Array 3 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php5776 IlluminateRoutingControllergtcallActionpostResetPasswo..., Array 4 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php5764 IlluminateRoutingControllerDispatchergtcallObjectUserController, ObjectIlluminateRoutingRoute, postResetPasswo... 5 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php4971 IlluminateRoutingControllerDispatchergtdispatchObjectIlluminateRoutingRoute, ObjectIlluminateHttpRequest, UserController, postResetPasswo... 6 [internal function] IlluminateRoutingRoutergtIlluminateRoutingclosure 7 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php5329 calluserfuncarrayObjectClosure, Array 8 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php4996 IlluminateRoutingRoutegtrunObjectIlluminateHttpRequest 9 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php4984 IlluminateRoutingRoutergtdispatchToRouteObjectIlluminateHttpRequest 10 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php715 IlluminateRoutingRoutergtdispatchObjectIlluminateHttpRequest 11 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php696 IlluminateFoundationApplicationgtdispatchObjectIlluminateHttpRequest 12 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php7744 IlluminateFoundationApplicationgthandleObjectIlluminateHttpRequest, 1, true 13 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php8351 IlluminateSessionMiddlewaregthandleObjectIlluminateHttpRequest, 1, true 14 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php8298 IlluminateCookieQueuegthandleObjectIlluminateHttpRequest, 1, true 15 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php10957 IlluminateCookieGuardgthandleObjectIlluminateHttpRequest, 1, true 16 Cwampwwwbuddylybootstrapcompiled.php657 StackStackedHttpKernelgthandleObjectIlluminateHttpRequest 17 Cwampwwwbuddylypublicindex.php49 IlluminateFoundationApplicationgtrun 18 Cwampwwwbuddylyserver.php19 requireonceCwampwwwbud... 19 main [] [] codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to debug a few javascript files using chrome developer. The java script files are located atp  precodeWebApp    Admin       admin.js    metadata       metadata.js    login.js    avx.js codepre  pThe above is the folder structure where the js files are kept. I am using grails. After some browsing I added codegrails.resources.debug  truecode in the config.groovy file and it did work but not completely. Now the login.js and avx.js are been displayed but all other js files liek admin.js and metadata.jsin any folder within JS are not.p
Negative 63 pI need to get some data from the database and based on the result I need to execute one more query.p  pBut I am getting below exception  p  pcodeorg.hibernate.StaleStateException Batch update returned unexpected row count from update [0] actual row count 0 expected 1codep  pmy code  p  precodeSession tempSession1  HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory.openSession                  Session tempSession2  HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory.openSession                                    Criteria criteriaApplication  tempSession1.createCriteriaEntity.class                try                       List list  criteriaApplication.addRestrictions.eqappid,Entity.sysid.ignoreCase.list                     tempSession1.flush                     tempSession1.close                     if list.size gt 0                              tempSession2.updateEntity                           tempSession2.flush                           tempSession2.close                         codepre  pPlease help. Can someone modify my code.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to download an image using node.js  javascript. The below code works fine for image urls that do not contain the codeitokcode token, however when an image does contain it, the image is unrecognizableincorrect format.p  precodefunction downloaduri, filename, callback     request.headuri, functionerr, res, body     console.logcontenttype, res.headers[contenttype]     console.logcontentlength, res.headers[contentlength]      requesturi.pipefs.createWriteStreamfilename.onclose, callback  codepre  pexample image url codehttpna.leagueoflegends.comsitesdefaultfilesstyleswidesmallpublicuploadtheheistpromofinal2.jpgitokgQ3GTBf6codep  pexample download locationbr codevar filename  Imgs  url.parseimage.pathname.split.popcodep  pfunction call p  precodedownloadimage, filename, function   console.logdone  codepre  pIs there any way to download an image with this token And if it isnt the token causing this error, do you happen to know what is causing it to download improperly p  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 63 pSo Id like to have a paragraph of text which responds to changes in window size by adjusting the font or zoom such as it looks as big as possible while fitting into screen. Id prefer to do it using SVG, but DOM and Canvas are options as well. Im new to these stuff so any tips how should I proceed doing this Link to similar answered question would be useful too, I just couldnt find one.p  pThank youp
Negative 63 pIve got an map codesharedptrscodep  precodestdunorderedmapltuint64t, stdsharedptrltTargetgtgt map codepre  pIs there a way to make them codeweakptrscode at some point or do I have to make something likep  precodestdunorderedmapltuint64t,      stdpairltstdsharedptrltTargetgt,      stdweakptrltTargetgtgtgt map codepre  pand swap themp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI have my project setup on AutoLayout, works fine with iPhones 4  6 Plus.  However, when I add in the LaunchImage for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the frames and constraints for the entire app no longer take up the entire screen.  Instead, the entire app fits in the top left area of the screen.p  pIf I remove the LaunchImages for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, then the issue goes away and the elements of each View Controller once again have the correct coordinates and sizes.p  pI am using the following in Images.assets   2x iOS  Portrait 7,8   Retina 4  Portrait 7,8   Retina HD 5.5 Portrait iOS 8   Retina HD 4.7 Portrait iOS 8p  pThere are no warnings regarding the asset catalog, and all the LaunchImages are at the correct dimensions.  I have attempted to Migrate the images over but with no luck.p
Negative 63 pIm trying to restrict the characters number in a JFormattedTextField. Im using a regular expression to validate the field but I need to limit the input too.p  pI tried DocumentFilter and PlainDocument but it didnt work. Here is my codep  precodepublic class UsingRegexFormatter   public static void mainString[] a      JFrame frame  new JFrame     frame.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE      JFormattedTextField formattedField  new JFormattedTextFieldnew RegexFormatter[09][,.][09]     trying to limit to 3 characters with no success...     formattedField.setDocumentnew JTextFieldLimit3     frame.addformattedField, North      frame.addnew JTextField, South      frame.setSize300, 200     frame.setVisibletrue   static class JTextFieldLimit extends PlainDocument       private int limit      public JTextFieldLimitint limit          super         this.limit  limit           public void insertStringint offset, String str, AttributeSet attr throws BadLocationException          if str  null              return                   if getLength  str.length lt limit              super.insertStringoffset, str, attr                 static class RegexFormatter extends DefaultFormatter       private Pattern pattern      private Matcher matcher      public RegexFormatter          super                  Creates a regular expression based AbstractFormatter. pattern       specifies the regular expression that will be used to determine if a       value is legal.           public RegexFormatterString pattern throws PatternSyntaxException          this         setPatternPattern.compilepattern                  Creates a regular expression based AbstractFormatter. pattern       specifies the regular expression that will be used to determine if a       value is legal.           public RegexFormatterPattern pattern          this         setPatternpattern                  Sets the pattern that will be used to determine if a value is legal.           public void setPatternPattern pattern          this.pattern  pattern                  Returns the Pattern used to determine if a value is legal.           public Pattern getPattern          return pattern                  Sets the Matcher used in the most recent test if a value is legal.           protected void setMatcherMatcher matcher          this.matcher  matcher                  Returns the Matcher from the most test.           protected Matcher getMatcher          return matcher           public Object stringToValueString text throws ParseException          Pattern pattern  getPattern          if pattern  null              Matcher matcher  pattern.matchertext              if matcher.matches                  setMatchermatcher                 return super.stringToValuetext                          throw new ParseExceptionPattern did not match, 0                  return text        codepre  pThank you so muchp
Negative 63 pI am trying to compile a mixed program with command line.p  pCompile tool is intel visual fortran 2013 and VS 2013.p  pI have googled around and found the using codedllcode is easier than codelibcode.p  pSo I tried to compile my fortran  source as a dll filep  pmy codeFortrancode sourcep  precode  forsubs.f90     FUNCTIONSSUBROUTINES exported from FORSUBS.dll  FORSUBS       subroutine   INTEGER4 FUNCTION Fact n    DEC ATTRIBUTES DLLEXPORTFact       INTEGER4 n [VALUE]       INTEGER4 i, amt       amt  1       DO i  1, n         amt  amt  i       END DO       Fact  amt    write,Mixed calls succeed END SUBROUTINE Pythagoras a, b, c    DEC ATTRIBUTES DLLEXPORTPythagoras       REAL4 a [VALUE]       REAL4 b [VALUE]       REAL4 c [REFERENCE]       c  SQRT a  a  b  b END codepre  pmy codeCcode source cmain.cppp  precode     File CMAIN.C     include ltstdio.hgt  extern int stdcall factint n extern void stdcall pythagorasfloat a, float b, float c  int main      float c     printfFactorial of 7 is dn, FACT7     PYTHAGORAS 30, 40, ampc     printfHypotenuse if sides 30, 40 is fn, c  codepre  h3First I compiled my fortran sourceh3  blockquote   pifort dll forsubs.f90p blockquote  pand got a codeforsubs.dllcode and a codeforsubs.libcode.p  h3Second I compiled my C sourceh3  blockquote   pcl cmain.cpp link forsubs.libp blockquote  pHowever, I got an errorp  precodeDcfcfdllcmain.cpp11  error C3861 FACT  identifier not found Dcfcfdllcmain.cpp12  error C3861 PYTHAGORAS  identifier not found codepre  pAlso, I have tried to load dll in another way, by usingp  precode HINSTANCE hLibraryLoadLibraryforsubs.dll   ifhLibraryNULL     coutltltcant find the dll fileltltendl   return 1   codepre  pBut I got an cant find the dll file everytime while I am sure the codeforsubs.dllcode is in the folder.p  pI am not good at C and can not find out how to compile it, helpp  h2Edith2  pStrange I edited my program as Mikael Persson s answer, but still got an error.p  precodeerror LNK2019 unresolved external symbol FACT4 referenced in function main error LNK2019 unresolved external symbol PYTHAGORAS12 referenced in function main codepre  pAlso, I googled around and someone said codestdcallcode is not nessary ,I delete but still got errorp  precodeerror LNK2019 unresolved external symbol FACT referenced in function main error LNK2019 unresolved external symbol PYTHAGORAS referenced in function main codepre  pI thought it may be the same problem like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23669364mixedprogrammingcallingfortranfromcthisa. But can not solve it by myself.p  pPS info of my codedllcode and codelibcodep  precodeDcfcfdllgtdumpbin exports forsubs.lib Microsoft R COFFPE Dumper Version 12.00.30501.0 Copyright C Microsoft Corporation.  All rights reserved.   Dump of file forsubs.lib  File Type LIBRARY       Exports         ordinal    name                    FACT                   PYTHAGORAS    Summary            C3 .debugS           14 .idata2           14 .idata3            8 .idata4            8 .idata5            C .idata6  Dcfcfdllgtdumpbin exports forsubs.dll Microsoft R COFFPE Dumper Version 12.00.30501.0 Copyright C Microsoft Corporation.  All rights reserved.   Dump of file forsubs.dll  File Type DLL    Section contains the following exports for forsubs.dll      00000000 characteristics     5477F1C5 time date stamp Fri Nov 28 115341 2014         0.00 version            1 ordinal base            2 number of functions            2 number of names      ordinal hint RVA      name            1    0 00001000 FACT           2    1 000010B0 PYTHAGORAS    Summary          1000 .data         1000 .pdata         1000 .rdata         1000 .reloc         1000 .text codepre  h2Edit2h2  precodeAlso, I have tried to add a header ifdef FORSUBSEXPORTS define FORSUBSAPI declspecdllexport  else define FORSUBSAPI declspecdllimport  endif codepre  pit still not work.p
Negative 63 pI have successfully configured Meteor on my Windows machine via vagrant along with running the sample app in the browser by following the tutorial given at a hrefhttpsgist.github.comahoereth2607d2ee99103a0a9bc9 relnofollowhttpsgist.github.comahoereth2607d2ee99103a0a9bc9a. Since last two hours, I have explored all of the windows directories in search of the code created by meteor create sampleapp command, but I cant find any clue where the code is. As vagrant claims that code is in windows directory not VM box, then can anyone have any hint where it could be hidingp
Negative 63 pIm using following ruby code to upload files to office 365p  precodeuri  URI.parsesiteurlapiv1.0mefilesfolderchildrentempfile.originalfilenamecontent https  NetHTTP.newuri.host,uri.port https.usessl  true  req  NetHTTPPut.newuri.path, initheader      ContentType gtapplicationoctetstream,     Authorization gt Bearer   currentuser.oauthtoken,    resource gt siteurl   req.setformdata                   file gt tempfile.read,                    ContentType gt applicationoctetstream                    JSON.parsehttps.requestreq.body codepre  pThe file uploaded to office 365 is corrupt. Whats the issue in the codep
Negative 63 pI am unable to filter the contents of codegroupscode table with respect to codeusernamecode in codeuserscode table using a hrefhttplaravel.comdocs4.2eloquenteagerloading relnofollowEager Load Constraintsap  precodepublic function username      return thisgtbelongsToUser,fkusersidgtselect[id,username]  codepre  pI have tried using the code below but it filters only the codeuserscode data not the codegroupscode datap  precodegroups        Groupswitharrayusername gt functionquery use keyword                                                                                                                      querygtwhereusername, like, .keyword.                                                                           gtwherestatus,1gtpaginatepaginateValue codepre  pany help is welcome...p
Negative 63 pIm currently developing an App with jquery mobile 1.4 and since the app is a bit complex I need an inside app Walkthrough, something like a simple image slider, is there a phonegap plugin for this if not, how would you guys make it.p  pIn my opinion what is needed is a popup with a slider inside, the code so farp  precodelta hrefpopupParis datarelpopup datapositiontowindow datatransitionfadegtltimg classpopphoto src..assetsimgparis.jpg altParis, France stylewidth30gtltagt lta hrefpopupSydney datarelpopup datapositiontowindow datatransitionfadegtltimg classpopphoto src..assetsimgsydney.jpg altSydney, Australia stylewidth30gtltagt codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI cant get a reboot suprocess call to work from inside a function in python. p  pHeres the codep  precodeusrbinpython import subprocess def rebootscript     print rebooting system     command  sbinreboot     subprocess.callcommand, shell  True  if name  main     rebootscript codepre  pif I run the same code from the main code not in a function it works. What am I doing wrong p
Negative 63 pI got my correlation values like this. Using codeCORltcormytest[sapplymytest,is.numeric]codep  precode          AGE      SALARY    REGION  AGE        1          NA       0.25 SALARY     NA          1 REGION     0.25        NA        1 codepre  pProblem is correlation above gives me NAs if a column has at least on NA. I tried to get rid of it using codegt CORltcormytest[sapplymytest,is.numeric],usecomplete.obscodep  pBut it does not seem to work, giving me no complete element pairs error. Please show me how to deal with those. p  pNote that its a big data frame, and it actually has not only 3 col and 3 row, but many more, so I cant calculate correlations separately. Would be too time consuming. I believe there is a shorter way. Many thanksp
Negative 63 pI made a program in assembler 8086 for my class and everything is working just fine. But beside making working program we have to make it use as low memory as possible. Could you give me some tips in that aspect What should I write and what should I avoidp  pThe program is supposed to first print letter A on the screen and then in avery new line two more of letters of next letter in the alphabet, stop at Z and after pressing any key end program. For stopping until key is pressed im using  mov ah,00h int 16h Is it good way to do itp
Negative 63 pAfter searching for a similar question I gave up and decided to ask myself , if there is an existing answer please notify me. p  pI have a WebView in which I needed to override the default actionMode , I followed suggestions from many Q amp A here and everything was working well until I have noticed that something very specific was missing in the behavior of the actionMode. The dismiss event for the text selection only happens when the user presses Back button or Done on the action mode. In the Default actionMode when the user presses outside the selected text the actionMode also closes , and this I cannot achieve and not sure how can I acheive it without complicating stuff and writing extra lines of code instead of using the super behavior for dissmissing text selection when the user presses outside the selected text. p  pHope you can help , thanks ahead. p  pMy WebView with the overriden startActionMode p  precodeOverride public ActionMode startActionModeActionMode.Callback callback              When running Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 or Jelly Bean 4.1  4.3,       there is a hidden class called WebViewClassic that draws the       selection. In order to clear the selection, save the callback from       Classic so it can be destroyed later.            Check the class name because WebViewClassic.SelectActionModeCallback      is not public API.     String name  callback.getClass.toString     if name.containsSelectActionModeCallback          webViewDefaultActionModeCallBack  callback           if mActionMode  null          mActionMode  super.startActionModemActionModeCallback          return mActionMode  codepre  pMy ActionModeCallback  p  precodeprivate ActionMode.Callback mActionModeCallback  new ActionMode.Callback        Called when the action mode is created startActionMode was called     Override     public boolean onCreateActionModeActionMode mode, Menu menu           MenuInflater inflater  mode.getMenuInflater         inflater.inflateR.menu.mymenu, menu         return true            Called each time the action mode is shown. Always called after      onCreateActionMode, but      may be called multiple times if the mode is invalidated.     Override     public boolean onPrepareActionModeActionMode mode, Menu menu           return false  Return false if nothing is done           Override     public boolean onActionItemClickedActionMode mode, MenuItem item          switch item.getItemId               case R.id.item1                  do something                  break              case R.id.item2                  do something                  break                   mode.finish         return true           Override     public void onDestroyActionModeActionMode mode           mActionMode  null           Semihack in order to clear the selection          when running Android earlier than KitKat.         if webViewDefaultActionModeCallBack  null              webViewDefaultActionModeCallBack.onDestroyActionModemode                codepre
Negative 63 pMy test website is looking good on computer browsers, but on iPhone and Im assuming other mobile devices it is not centering the content or the background. On the iPad, its not centering the background, but is centering the content. p  pHeres a portion of my cssp  precodebody      backgroundimageurl..imagesbackground.jpg     backgroundcolor000     backgroundrepeatrepeaty     backgroundpositioncenter top     fontfamilyCourier New, Courier, monospace     fontweightbold   container      width1000px     marginauto     overflowhidden     padding 0   header      height145px   nav      height50px     marginbottom15px   mainhomeleft      width550px     backgroundimage url..imagestextbkgd1.png     backgroundrepeatrepeaty     backgroundsize 650px auto     floatleft     padding 10px 50px 0 50px     textaligncenter     minheight 400px   mainhomeright      width300px     floatleft     padding 10px 25px 10px 25px     textaligncenter  codepre
Negative 63 pIn HashMap why threshold value The next size value at which to resize is strongcapacity  loadstrong factor. Why not as strongequal to sizestrong or strongcapacity of mapstrong. p  pFor example initially default capacity  16 , load factor  0.75 and  hence codethreshold  capacity  load factor  16  0.75   12code. p  pMap resize when we add 13th element why is it so, why author of map decided to keep it codecapacity  load factorcode which is 12  Why not same as capacity which is 16.p  pwhy not keep threshold value equal to capacity so that rehashing only takes place when hashmap gets full  p
Negative 63 pI downloaded the necessary pom.xml and jar files, now I need to organize them so Maven can find them, but Im not exactly sure of the structure. Heres my guessp  pFor example, the mavencleanplugin would sit herep  p.m2repositoryorgapachemavenpluginsmavencleanplugin2.5mavencleanplugin2.5.jarp  p.m2repositoryorgapachemavenpluginsmavencleanplugin2.5mavencleanplugin2.5.xmlp  pI realize the best way to go about this would be download it on my computer and test it out, but I cant.p  pAlso, would the same rulemethodology described in the path above be the same for any other xml and jar filesp  pIm asking this because when I run mvn clean verify o I get the error The POM for org.apache.maven.pluginsmavencleanpluginjar2.5 is missing, no dependency information available, even tho the POM is located in the path described above.p
Negative 63 pThanks for taking the time to help.  I created an extra section report in awstats and everything works perfectly.  However, I have a row with a very long entry.br Example  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAbr This entry makes the table a different size than all the rest of the tables in the report.  p  pSo my question isbr Can I adjust the column width of the extra section tables in awstats.pl so that it is fixed for all extra sections  Or, can I set a default width for the tablesp  pThanks againp
Negative 63 pI am trying to make my website responsive. However, when I use another media query, a lot of things wont work. For examplep  pNormal CSSp  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecodedivdivName      fontsize1em  codepre  pMedia query codep  pre classlangcss prettyprintoverridecodemedia screen and maxwidth 320px       divdivName              fontsize.5em       codepre  pThis doesnt work. It only works when I use important behind it. But I dont know if that is correct or wrong. Could anyone tell me how I can fix thisp
Negative 63 pWe want to call some .net Assemblies from VB6. I know we can register the .net Assemblies to COM by Regasm command and then call it from VB6. But now we want to host the CLR 2.0 in VB6.p  pI know we can call CorRuntimeHost class to host the CLR. But MSDN said it is obselete. After googled some days, I found many people use CorBindToRuntimeEx to host CLR. but all these samples are based on CC. Sorry I did not find any sampels using VB6.p  pSo does anyone know how to use VB6 to host .net framework 2.0. Except the CorRuntimeHost class, is there any another way to host .net framework in VB6p
Negative 63 pI want to check with a Perl script whether our proxy is working or not. I tested our proxy with a curl command and it worked as expectedp  precodecurl x httpourproxyport v httpwww.someadultsite.com codepre  pThis gives me following TCP stream output in Wiresharkp  precodeGET httpwww.someadultsite.com HTTP1.1 UserAgent curl7.35.0 Host www.someadultsite.com Accept  ProxyConnection KeepAlive codepre  pWhen I try that with my Perl scriptp  precodeusrbinperl  use LWPUserAgent use warnings   forbidden URL forbiddenurl  URIgtnew httpwww.someadultsite.com    user agent to use a proxy useragent  LWPUserAgentgtnew useragentgtproxy http, httpourproxyport    request req  HTTPRequestgtnew GET gt forbiddenurl    response res  useragentgtrequest req   print resgtcontent codepre  pI receive a strong404 not foundstrong page with the following TCP streamp  precodeGET httpwww.someadultsite.com HTTP1.1 Host www.someadultsite.com UserAgent libwwwperl6.05 codepre  pDo you have any suggestions why this is not working p
Negative 63 pFrom the codeHTMLcode page I am submitting some records to a codePHPcode page, where the records will be saved to the DB and then show a p  blockquote   pmessage saved successfullyp blockquote  pmessage to the user on the same codeHTMLcode page.p  pWhen i submit my form, the records are sent to the HTML page and it displays the success message on another page and not on the same HTML page where the form code is written. How can i correct itp  pHTMLp  precodeltform actionsave.php classtscformcontactdark nolabel methodPOSTgt     ltinput typetext namename classforminput placeholderName required required gt     ltinput typeemail nameemail classforminput placeholderEmail required required gt     ltinput classformbtn typesubmit valueSend Message gt ltformgt codepre  pPHPp  precodeltphp name  POST[name] email  POST[email]  Do other stuff echo Success gt codepre
Negative 63 pWant to generate xml from html form as shown below in to an xml and the xml shoul parse to a url. can u suggest..p  precode      ltdiv idline5 classcleargt         ltdiv classfieldTypegt             lth4gtPartner provided unique IDlth4gt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classfieldValuegt             ltinput typetext nameParam2 maxlength24gt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt      ltdiv idline6 classcleargt         ltdiv classfieldTypegt             lth4gtLoanAmount lth4gt             ltdivgt         ltdiv classfieldValuegt             ltinput typetext nameLoanAmount maxlength60gt         ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a small, simple program Ive started and have a strange bug I havent been able to figure out or find the cause for online.p  pAll my program does right now is build a JFrame, build a JPanel, and draw an image onto the JPanel from a thread. The issue is, the image does not display unless I click in the Frame, left click, right click, or even click with my mouse wheel makes the image display, but resizing the frame doesnt make the image display. Ive tried validate on the panel and frames both, and Ive tried putting repaint in the code called by the thread but the image flickers when repaint is in the code.p  pI put a print statement in the code that actually draws the image, but the statement never shows up until I click in the frame. Ive walked through with the debugger and the code seems to be getting called correctly though. If I put a print statement anywhere in code being called from the main threads update function, the image displays correctly without having to click.p  pHere is my code, any suggestions would be appreciatedp  pThe Framep  precodepublic class GameFrame extends JFrame    int w  1300   int h  740    public GameFrame       this.setSizew, h     setTitleFrame      GamePanel panel  new GamePanelw, h     this.addpanel     this.setVisibletrue     this.setDefaultCloseOperationEXITONCLOSE       public static void mainString[] args      GameFrame gameFrame  new GameFrame     codepre  pThe Panelp  precodepublic class GamePanel extends JPanel implements Runnable  core classes GameRenderer renderer GameManager manager GameLoader loader  graphics stuff private Graphics dbg private Image dbImage  null private int panelWidth private int panelHeight  game updating stuff Thread animator boolean running  public GamePanelint w, int h      this.setSizew, h     this.setVisibletrue     this.setFocusabletrue     this.panelWidth  w     this.panelHeight  h      renderer  new GameRenderer     manager  new GameManager     loader  new GameLoader      startGame   private void startGame      animator  new Threadthis, Animator     animator.start     running  true   public void run      whilerunning          gameAction        everything that needs to be updated continuously private void gameAction      updateGame  Need code here to update everything     gameRender  Draw to the double buffer.     paintScreen  Draw double buffer to screen.      Draws the game image to the buffer.      private void gameRender      ifdbImage  null          dbImage  createImagethis.panelWidth, this.panelHeight         return          dbg  dbImage.getGraphics     renderer.drawGraphics2D dbg, panelWidth, panelHeight      Draws the game image to the screen by drawing the buffer.   private void paintScreen      Graphics g     try          g  this.getGraphics         if g  null ampamp dbImage  null               g.drawImagedbImage, 0, 0, null             g.dispose               catch Exception e  System.out.printlnGraphics context error   e     codepre  pImage Rendererp  precodepublic class GameRenderer   ImageManipulator im  new ImageManipulator     Actually draw everything that needs to be drawn   Layering also happens here    public void drawGraphics2D g,int screenWidth, int screenHeight      BufferedImage tileImg  im.loadImageImagestile.png     Tile tile  new TiletileImg, 30, 30     tile.drawg    codepre  pClass with image Im trying to drawp  precodepublic class Tile   BufferedImage tileImg x and y values based on tile grid  z based on height up int tileX int tileY int tileZ actual coordinate of top left corner of tile image int pixelX int pixelY  public TileBufferedImage img, int pixelX, int pixelY      this.pixelX  pixelX     this.pixelY  pixelY     this.tileImg  img   public void drawGraphics g      g.drawImagetileImg, pixelX, pixelY, null    codepre  pAgain, any suggestions or ideas would help. Im out of ideas of what might be causing this. Also, does anybody know why this might be working with a print statement included but not without onep
Negative 63 pIm trying to make a game that will take what users draw on their screens and create a sprite with a physics body. I looked around and I saw a tutorial that demonstrated this. Unfortunately the tutorial was made in Cocos2dx v2.p  pa hrefhttpbuildfailed.blogspot.com201208freehanddrawingwithcocos2dxand.html relnofollowhttpbuildfailed.blogspot.com201208freehanddrawingwithcocos2dxand.htmlap  pThat is the tutorial that I am referring to.p  pa hrefhttpwww.cocos2dx.orgwikiRenderToTexture relnofollowhttpwww.cocos2dx.orgwikiRenderToTextureap  pI tried to use that cocos2dx tutorial to help me, but it has been labeled outdated I tried it anyway and it didnt work. Is it still possible to allow the user to draw through this method Or do I need to find another method to allow the user to draw the sprites Any suggestions would be helpful. Thanks.p  precodevoid GameSceneonTouchMovedcocos2dTouch touch, cocos2dEvent event      Point start  touchgtgetLocation     start  DirectorgetInstancegtconvertToGLstart     Point end  touchgtgetPreviousLocation     end  DirectorgetInstancegtconvertToGLend      targetgtbegin      float distance  start.getDistanceend      for int i  0 i lt distance i              float difx  end.x  start.x         float dify  end.y  start.y         float delta  float i  distance         brushgtsetPositionPointstart.x  difx  delta, start.y  dify  delta         brushgtvisit          targetgtend   void GameSceneonTouchEndedcocos2dTouch touch, cocos2dEvent event      myObjectSprite  SpritecreateWithTexturetargetgtgetSpritegtgetTexture     myObjectSpritegtsetPositionPointvisibleSize.width  2, visibleSize.height  2     thisgtaddChildmyObjectSprite  codepre  pThis is what I gathered from those links. I can draw but there are a few problems.p  ol liThe first attempt to draw always reflects horizontally over the center of the screen.li liAfter a few drawings the fps begins to drop, and the app begins to take up a lot of memory and CPU usage.li liThe for loop in the onTouchMoved method is used because the onTouchEnded method isnt called fast enough, so there is often a large gap between each point that the onTouchMethod obtains. The loop is used to draw the brush sprites in a line between each point to prevent the gaps. However, for some reason it is not drawing in between the gaps.li ol  pAdditionally, in the first link the person uses b2PolygonShape and b2FixtureDef from box2d. What are the new names of the classes in cocos2dx v3p
Negative 63 pI had created a fluid layout to build a RWD website and in my design there are some images which needs to be shown as background image, as there will be text shown above the image over lapping it.p  pNow in fluidLayouts.css file, it showsp  pimg, object, embed, video  maxwidth 100p  pI have edited to  img, object, embed, video  maxwidth 100   heightautop  pHere i have added heightauto but nothing happens to the background image, i dont see it fully, nor it resizes to any media which are mobile, tab or desktop.p  pHow do i set a height for an background image for it to be scaled automatically to any media Am using background image to the website design overall.p
Negative 63 pIs there a mechanism in ObjectiveC similar to Netty in Java for diverting TCP to UDT protocols in Transport Layer.p  pNow I want to implement HTTP request and response runs over TCP by default to run over UDT from my application.p  ol lipIs this possiblepli lipIs there any inbuilt mechanism in iOS for thispli ol
Negative 63 pI have three covariates [x1, x2, x3] and one y . I want to plot a 3d density plot of y which is obtained using these these three covariates like a linear regression. I am wondering if this is possible  p
Negative 63 pI am trying to fetch in cordova using getCurrentLocation of goelocalion. I was able to get location in android 2.3. I got geolocation object in console.lognavigator.geolocationp  pConsole logs p  precode 0101 124347.354 IWeb Console20388 [object Geolocation] at fileandroidassetwwwjsindex.js6 codepre  pMy device cofigrationsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjmPgj.png altenter image description here img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comiQ7M2.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI am trying to OAuth2 implementation with JdbcTokenStore by modifying the code from this tutorial a hrefhttpwww.ezest.netblogrestauthenticationusingoauth20resourceownerpasswordflowprotocol relnofollowhttpwww.ezest.netblogrestauthenticationusingoauth20resourceownerpasswordflowprotocolap  pI have mariaDB as the database and when I try to run it in tomcat, I get the following errorp  precodeFailed to instantiate [javax.sql.DataSource] Factory method dataSource threw exception nested exception is org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException Cannot determine embedded database driver class for database type NONE. If you want an embedded database please put a supported one on the classpath.     at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessorAutowiredFieldElement.injectAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java558     at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.InjectionMetadata.injectInjectionMetadata.java87     at org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.AutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.postProcessPropertyValuesAutowiredAnnotationBeanPostProcessor.java331 codepre  pBelow is my strongSpringservlet.xmlstrong filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans        xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance        xmlnsoauthhttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurityoauth2        xmlnsmvchttpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc xmlnssechttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurity        xsischemaLocationhttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans.xsd httpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurityoauth2 httpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurityspringsecurityoauth2.xsd httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvcspringmvc.xsdgt        lthttp patternoauthtoken createsessionstateless              authenticationmanagerrefauthenticationManager              xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecurity gt               ltintercepturl patternoauthtoken accessISAUTHENTICATEDFULLY gt               ltanonymous enabledfalse gt               lthttpbasic entrypointrefclientAuthenticationEntryPointgt               ltcustomfilter refclientCredentialsTokenEndpointFilter         beforeBASICAUTHFILTER gt               ltaccessdeniedhandler refoauthAccessDeniedHandler gt        lthttpgt        ltbean idclientCredentialsTokenEndpointFilter              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.client.ClientCredentialsTokenEndpointFiltergt               ltproperty nameauthenticationManager refauthenticationManager gt        ltbeangt         ltauthenticationmanager aliasauthenticationManager                                xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecuritygt               ltauthenticationprovider userservicerefclientDetailsUserService gt        ltauthenticationmanagergt        ltbean idclientDetailsUserService              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.client.ClientDetailsUserDetailsServicegt               ltconstructorarg refclientDetails gt        ltbeangt        ltbean idclientDetails classcom.rayat.pricewizWS.security.ClientDetailsServiceImplgtltbeangt        ltbean idclientAuthenticationEntryPoint              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.error.OAuth2AuthenticationEntryPointgt               ltproperty namerealmName valuespringsecclient gt               ltproperty nametypeName valueBasic gt        ltbeangt        ltbean idoauthAccessDeniedHandler              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.error.OAuth2AccessDeniedHandlergt         ltoauthauthorizationserver                clientdetailsservicerefclientDetails tokenservicesreftokenServicesgt               ltoauthauthorizationcode gt               ltoauthimplicitgt               ltoauthrefreshtokengt               ltoauthclientcredentials gt               ltoauthpassword authenticationmanagerrefuserAuthenticationManagergt        ltoauthauthorizationservergt         ltauthenticationmanager iduserAuthenticationManager                                xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecuritygt               ltauthenticationprovider  refcustomUserAuthenticationProvidergt               ltauthenticationprovidergt        ltauthenticationmanagergt        ltbean idcustomUserAuthenticationProvider              classcom.rayat.pricewizWS.security.CustomUserAuthenticationProvidergt        ltbeangt         ltbean idtokenServices              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.token.DefaultTokenServicesgt               ltproperty nametokenStore reftokenStore gt               ltproperty namesupportRefreshToken valuetrue gt               ltproperty nameaccessTokenValiditySeconds value900000000gtltpropertygt               ltproperty nameclientDetailsService refclientDetails gt        ltbeangt        ltbean idtokenStore              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.token.store.JdbcTokenStoregt            ltconstructorarg refmariadbJdbcTemplategt        ltbeangt        ltbean idmariadbJdbcTemplate              classorg.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSource gt             ltproperty namedriverClassName valueorg.mariadb.jdbc.Drivergt             ltproperty nameurl valuejdbcmariadblocalhost3306oauthdbgt             ltproperty nameusername valuerootgt             ltproperty namepassword valuexxxxxxxxgt        ltbeangt         ltbean idorientDataSource classorg.springframework.jdbc.datasource.DriverManagerDataSourcegt             ltproperty namedriverClassName valuecom.orientechnologies.orient.jdbc.OrientJdbcDrivergt             ltproperty nameurl valuejdbcorientremotelocalhostpricewizgt             ltproperty nameusername valueadmingt             ltproperty namepassword valuexxxxxxxxgt         ltbeangt        ltbean idoauthAuthenticationEntryPoint              classorg.springframework.security.oauth2.provider.error.OAuth2AuthenticationEntryPointgt        ltbeangt        lthttp patternproduct createsessionnever              entrypointrefoauthAuthenticationEntryPoint              xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecuritygt               ltanonymous enabledfalse gt               ltintercepturl patternproduct  accessISAUTHENTICATEDFULLY gt               ltcustomfilter refresourceServerFilter beforePREAUTHFILTER gt               ltaccessdeniedhandler refoauthAccessDeniedHandler gt        lthttpgt        ltoauthresourceserver idresourceServerFilter                               resourceidspringsec tokenservicesreftokenServices gt        lthttp patternlogout createsessionnever entrypointrefoauthAuthenticationEntryPoint              xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemasecuritygt               ltanonymous enabledfalse gt               ltintercepturl patternlogout accessROLECLIENT methodGET gt               ltseclogout invalidatesessiontrue logouturllogout successhandlerreflogoutSuccessHandlergt               ltcustomfilter refresourceServerFilter beforePREAUTHFILTER gt               ltaccessdeniedhandler refoauthAccessDeniedHandler gt        lthttpgt        ltbean idlogoutSuccessHandler              classcom.rayat.pricewizWS.security.LogoutImpl gt               ltproperty nametokenstore reftokenStoregtltpropertygt        ltbeangt ltbeansgt codepre  pCould you tell me what I am missing I dont want to store token in InMemory.p  pThanks, Noorulp
Negative 63 pIn an iOSproject I am using the AVAudioPlayerNode in conjunction with the AVAudioEngine and an AVAudioUnitTimePitch. Everything works peachy. However, I was wondering if there is a way to figure out what the current players state e.g. isPlaying, isPaused or at least the playback position is. p  pWhile AVAudioPlayer at least allows you to get the codecurrentTimecodeparameter, I could not yet figure out how to get that information with AVAudioPlayerNode. I tried playing around with the codenodeTimeForPlayerTimecode and codeplayerTimeForNodeTimecode methods described in a hrefhttpsdeveloper.apple.comlibraryprereleaseiosdocumentationAVFoundationReferenceAVAudioPlayerNodeClassindex.html relnofollowthe swift documentationa but I couldnt make any progress.p  pAny help would be highly appreciated. p
Negative 63 pSpring Boot Actuator project exposes an audit framework. I am trying to use it and while in general it is a quite reasonable implementation I am finding one issue. p  pcodeAuditEventRepositorycode interface has the following methodp  pcodeList findString principal, Date aftercodep  pIt is implemented in codeInMemoryAuditEventRepositorycode. The problem is that the second parameter codeDate aftercode seems to be ignored. p  pAm I rightp  pI am using SpringBoot1.2.0.RELEASEp
Negative 63 pI can save data locally, but not remotely. Is this a file permissions issuep  pHere is the usual test codep  precodeltphp mem  new Memcached memgtaddServerxx.xx.xx.xx, 11211  result  memgtgetblah  if result      echo result  else      echo No matching key found.  Ill add that now     memgtsetblah, I am data  I am held in memcached or dieCould not save anything to memcached...  gt codepre  pOn the server and client I installedp  ul limemcachedli liphp5memcachedli ul  pDo I need to install libmemcached... as well or something elsep
Negative 63 pIve been given a Java API for my personal project. This means that all of the method calls and functions to utilize the API are in the Java programming language. However, I want to use Apples new Swift language to create an iOS application that uses the API. So my question is as followsp  pHow can I get Apples Swift language to interact with Java within XCode In short, I want a button press in the Swift app to use the Java methods within the given API which will then create a file on a remote server and send it back to the device.p  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 63 pI am having some problems when trying to install gem install mysql2 v 0.3.17 for Rails. When I try to install it by running gem install mysql2 v 0.3.17 or gem install mysql2 v 0.3.17 it gives me the following errorp  precodeERROR  Error installing mysql2     ERROR Failed to build gem native extension.   Could not create Makefile due to some reason, probably lack of necessary libraries andor headers.  Check the file for more details.  You may need configuration options.  Provided configuration options     withoptdir     withoptinclude     withoutoptincludeoptdirinclude     withoptlib     withoutoptliboptdirlib     withmakeprog     withoutmakeprog     withmysqldir     withoutmysqldir     withmysqlinclude     withoutmysqlincludemysqldirinclude     withmysqllib     withoutmysqllibmysqldirlib     withmysqlconfig     withoutmysqlconfig  Gem files will remain installed in ....gemsruby1.9.3p392gemsmysql20.3.17 for inspection. Results logged to ...gemsruby1.9.3p392extensionsx8664darwin141.9.1mysql20.3.17gemmake.out codepre  pHow can I fix this and successfully install mysql2p  pThanks all .p
Negative 63 pI have codedatepickercode with a hrefhttpangularui.github.iobootstrap relnofollowAngulara . here is the questionp  pHow can to prevent user write to in input I just want to let user add date from pop up.p
Negative 63 pI am stuck with creating a gradle project for a RESTful web service using the jersey library. The project configuration should be capable of launching the service inside a jetty application server. I already found a resource a hrefhttpsgithub.comzirobyjettygradlehelloworld relnofollowhttpsgithub.comzirobyjettygradlehelloworldap  pMy problem with that solution is, that it uses an outdated version of jersey. I need at least version 2preferred latest 2.14. I tried to search for new versions on maven central, but in version 2 a lot of artifact names changed, and I am not able to configure it correctly.p  pEdit I do not specifically need a jetty server in my project. It can be any application server, which is suitable for testing and debugging my app. I am using jetty also in production, so it would be nice to use jetty.p  pstrongEDITstrong by peeskillet  Code from linkp  pbuildp  precodeapply plugin java apply plugin jetty  repositories      mavenCentral  dependencies      testCompile junitjunit4.11     testCompile org.hamcresthamcrestall1.3     testCompile com.sun.jerseyjerseyclient1.17.1     testCompile com.sun.jerseyjerseycore1.17.1     compile com.sun.jerseyjerseycore1.17.1     compile com.sun.jerseyjerseyserver1.17.1     compile com.sun.jerseyjerseyservlet1.17.1  test      exclude IntegrationTest   task integrationTesttype Test      include IntegrationTest     doFirst          jettyRun.httpPort  8080     Port for test         jettyRun.daemon  true         jettyRun.execute          doLast          jettyStop.stopPort  8091    Port for stop signal         jettyStop.stopKey  stopKey         jettyStop.execute       codepre  pTestp  precodepublic class HelloIntegrationTest      private static String HELLOURL  httplocalhost8080hello      Test     public void testHello throws Exception          Client client  Client.create         WebResource webResource  client.resourceHELLOURL         String response  webResource.getString.class          assertThatresponse, isHello, World       codepre  pResourcep  precodePathhello public class HelloWebapp      private static HelloWorldService helloWorldService  new HelloWorldService      GET     public String hello          return helloWorldService.sayHello       codepre  pweb.xmlp  precodeltDOCTYPE webapp PUBLIC Sun Microsystems, Inc.DTD Web Application 2.3EN httpjava.sun.comdtdwebapp23.dtd gt ltwebappgt   ltdisplaynamegtJetty Gradle Hello Worldltdisplaynamegt   ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtHelloWorldServletltservletnamegt     ltservletclassgtcom.sun.jersey.spi.container.servlet.ServletContainerltservletclassgt     ltinitparamgt       ltparamnamegtcom.sun.jersey.config.property.packagesltparamnamegt       ltparamvaluegtcom.ziroby.hello.webappltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt     lt ltinitparamgt gt     lt ltparamnamegtcom.sun.jersey.api.json.POJOMappingFeatureltparamnamegt gt     lt ltparamvaluegttrueltparamvaluegt gt     lt ltinitparamgt gt     ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt   ltservletgt   ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtHelloWorldServletltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt   ltservletmappinggt ltwebappgt codepre
Negative 63 pIve been doing a lot of ready on this but a lot of its in Java or has been deprecated. Im just trying to get one axis angle measurement whilst in motion on a vehicleroll. From what Ive read the most accurate way is via the gyroscope, do you have to use the magnetometer in conjunction with the gyroscope my app will require the user to mount the phone in landscape and vertically as the app also measures gforces Ive looked at the Android Developers site but could find much in the way of examples. Any help would be appreciated.p
Negative 63 pIm experiencing an odd situation where I am loading my Marionette.js templates from .tpl files and I have something like p  precodeltinput idaddress typetext nameaddress valuelt address gt placeholderEnter Addressgt codepre  pThe above does not show the value of address. If I change it to lt address  it works no problem.p  pNot really sure what the issue could be, and I couldnt find any other questions related specifically to this problem. Any ideas are greatly appreciated.p
Negative 63 pIm using a hrefhttpsgithub.commakovkastarFloatingActionButton relnofollowthis librarya to implement a floating action bar and I cant seem to find a way to move the button when a snackbar appears on screen. Is it even possible with that libraryp
Negative 63 pOn the site a hrefhttpwww.cabinetstogo.company relnofollowhttpwww.cabinetstogo.companya Im using the Total Theme a hrefhttpthemeforest.netitemtotalresponsivemultipurposewordpresstheme6339019 relnofollowhttpthemeforest.netitemtotalresponsivemultipurposewordpresstheme6339019a and I need to add an additional menu in the top bar by the social links. The theme author suggested I do this using hooks a hrefhttpwpexplorerthemes.comtotaldocsactionhooks relnofollowhttpwpexplorerthemes.comtotaldocsactionhooksa but its a little beyond me. p  pI have set the site up using a child theme but I have been unsuccessful in putting any functions into a functions.php file in the child theme folder without breaking the site. For example, I tried thisp  precodeltphp registernavmenu topmenu, Top Menu   adds category menu on single post pages function topmenu  wpnavmenuarraymenugtTop   addactionwpexhookheaderbeforedefault, addtopmenu  gt codepre  pI am using the action wpexhookheaderbeforedefault because from what I can tell, that is the location of where i want it to go but honestly Im quite lost.p  pThe theme author seems to say its quite simple but it has not been the case for me. Any assistance would be much appreciated.p
Negative 63 pCan anyone suggest an existing Javascript  JQuery based Analytics plugin I spent some time searching but cannot find a quick one.p  pIt may works like getting feed with data from external and providing basic charts to web containing element, like distribution, average, correlation of 2 data arrays, etc. Thx.p
Negative 63 pSometimes my compiler starts compiling a bunch of files   [info] Compiling 61 Java sources to projecttargetscala2.10classes...p  pThen restart compiling the whole project  [info] Compiling 231 Scala sources and 188 Java sources to projecttargetscala2.10classes...p  pThen start again compiling the first bunch of files  [info] Compiling 61 Java sources to projecttargetscala2.10classes...p  pIt also happened that the compilation restarts suddenly while the app was initializing after the compilation phase...p  pI have to wait for a while, the compiler makes 2 or 3 cycle, to finally end normally, any clue about this  I find plays compiler very slow and inefficient when dealing with hundreds of files...p
Negative 63 pRunning the following codep  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltboostnumericodeint.hppgt  using namespace std using namespace boostnumericodeint  class CSystem  private     int counter0 public      void operator  const double ampx , double ampdxdt , const double t              double matA1         double matB1          dxdtmatAxmatB1          coutltltcounter ltltcounterltltendl         counter  seems it does not apply to the rest of the iterations appropriately           void solve              double x         x  0.0         typedef rungekuttadopri5ltdoublegt steppertype         stdfunctionltvoidconst double amp,const doublegt myobserver  [amp]const double ampx,const double t do nothing         integrateadaptivemakecontrolled1E10,1E10,steppertype,                             this,x,0.0,3.0,0.1,myobserver         int main      CSystem sys     sys.solve     return 0  codepre  pI expect that the codecountercode starts counting from 0 up and codecoutcode generates the following outputp  precode0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... codepre  pWhile I get something elsep  precodecounter 0 counter 0 counter 1 counter 2 counter 3 counter 4 counter 5 counter 0 counter 1 counter 2 counter 3 counter 4 counter 5 counter 0 counter 1 counter 2 counter 3 ... codepre  pWhat does reset the counter seems odeintp  pWhat is the correct way of fixing that I would prefer avoid using external object.p
Negative 63 pI would like to change my animation between the view. Currently i have the PageCurl but i would like to have a Scroll animation like Snapchat.p  pI can not use the codevar transitionStyle UIPageViewControllerTransitionStyle  get codep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comEM7qR.png altenter image description herep  pstrongMy ViewController strongp  precodeimport UIKit  class ViewController UIPageViewController, UIPageViewControllerDataSource      let pageViewController  UIPageViewControllertransitionStyle .Scroll, navigationOrientation .Horizontal, options nil     var messagesViewController  MessagesViewController     var searchViewController  SearchViewController     var friendsViewController  FriendsViewController      override func viewDidLoad          super.viewDidLoad           set UIPageViewControllerDataSource         self.dataSource  self           Reference all of the view controllers on the storyboard         self.messagesViewController  self.storyboard.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifiermessagesViewController as MessagesViewController         self.messagesViewController.title  Messages          self.searchViewController  self.storyboard.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifiersearchViewController as SearchViewController         self.searchViewController.title  Search          self.friendsViewController  self.storyboard.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierfriendsViewController as FriendsViewController         self.friendsViewController.title  Friends           Set starting view controllers         var startingViewControllers  NSArray  [self.searchViewController]         self.setViewControllersstartingViewControllers, direction .Forward, animated false, completion nil            func pageViewControllerpageViewController UIPageViewController, viewControllerBeforeViewController viewController UIViewController gt UIViewController           switch viewController.title          case Messages             return nil         case Search             return messagesViewController         case Friends             return searchViewController         default             return nil                     pink green blue      func pageViewControllerpageViewController UIPageViewController, viewControllerAfterViewController viewController UIViewController gt UIViewController           switch viewController.title          case Messages             return searchViewController         case Search             return friendsViewController         case Friends             return nil         default             return nil                     override func didReceiveMemoryWarning          super.didReceiveMemoryWarning          Dispose of any resources that can be recreated.        codepre
Negative 63 pDjango Version  1.5p  pPython Version  2.7p  pcodepython manage.py runserver 127.0.0.18000code command used to run the application and the following exception has been generated p  precodeOperationalError could not connect to server Connection refused     Is the server running on host 127.0.0.1 and accepting     TCPIP connections on port 8000 codepre  pThe codeSETTINGS.pycode file for the Django project contains following database settingsp  precodeDATABASES       default          ENGINE django.contrib.gis.db.backends.postgis,          NAME geodjango,                               USER postgres,         PASSWORD postgres,         HOST 127.0.0.1,                       PORT 8000, codepre  p p
Negative 63 pWhat are the syntax rules for identifiers, especially function and variable names, in Bashp  pI wrote a Bash script and tested it on various versions of Bash on Ubuntu, Debian, Red Hat 5 and 6, and even an old Solaris 8 box. The script ran well, so it shipped.p  pYet when a user tried it on SUSE machines, it gave a not a valid identifier error. Fortunately, my guess that there was an invalid character in the function name was right. The hyphens were messing it up.p  pThe fact that a script that was at least somewhat tested would have completely different behaviour on another Bash or distro was disconcerting. How can I avoid thisp
Negative 63 pI have a table with 2 dates in it and a product, and I need to get the average days difference between them considering just the last 3 rows for each product.p  precodeSELECT AVGDATEDIFFdate2, date1 FROM table WHERE product  121 codepre  pThis gives me the average of all the date differences for product 121p  precodeSELECT AVGDATEDIFFdate2, date1 FROM table WHERE product  121 LIMIT 3 codepre  pStill gives me the average off all the records, ignoring the LIMIT argument.p  pAlso when I try a different approach, it also does ignore the last argument and shows the average off all the rows.p  precodeSELECT AVGDATEDIFFdate2, date1 FROM table WHERE product 121 ampamp date1 gt 20150101 codepre  pAny idea on how to fix this or what Im doing wrongp
Negative 63 pIm new to iOS development completely and could use some help.p  pFor an app I have been asked to write, I have been asked to code using just XIB files, not a storyboard. This is to help get a better understanding and follow coding conventions of another project I am getting involved in.p  pSo, I have followed various advice on this siteyoutubegoogle and keep running into the same problem.p  pHere are the steps I take.p  ul liDelete Storyboard and default view controller filesli liDelete relationship in the info.plistli liCreated a new class, creating the XIB file in the processli liSet the main interface to the new XIB file In general settingsli liAdded viewController property to AppDeligate.hli lipAdded the below code to AppDeligate.mp  precode BOOLapplicationUIApplication application     didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions   Override point for customization after application launch. self.window  [[UIWindow alloc] initWithFrame[[UIScreen mainScreen] bounds]] self.viewController  [[MainViewController alloc]      initWithNibNamePhotoViewControlleripad bundlenil] self.window.rootViewController  self.viewController [self.window makeKeyAndVisible] return YES codepreli ul  pThe problem I keep getting is when run in the simulator, It crashes on start and I recive the error fed back from the one line in the main file. The error is Thread 1 SIGART.p  pAfter researching, I see this could be to do with the relationship between the XIB file and the class files. as this has been created for me, it is correct, although, I have made sure myself that it is related to the class. and the File owner of the XIB is related to the viewp  pSorry about the long description. Long story short. I just want to start, and create my app throughout without a storyboard and just use XIB filesp  pThank youp
Negative 63 pIm reading the codelinux device drivercode book and i want to implement the mmap file operation, but i have a problem with the nopage function defined in the old kernel v2.4 as a field of vmoperationsstructp  pa hrefhttplxr.freeelectrons.comsourceincludelinuxmm.hv2.4.37L134 relnofollowhttplxr.freeelectrons.comsourceincludelinuxmm.hv2.4.37L134ap  pIt seems that this field is vanished in the 3.6 version which im usingp  pa hrefhttplxr.freeelectrons.comsourceincludelinuxmm.hv3.6L205 relnofollowhttplxr.freeelectrons.comsourceincludelinuxmm.hv3.6L205ap  pcan someone say to me how im supposed to implement this methodp
Negative 63 pWeve got a String.p  pABAEABABEABEp  pNow weve got to check whether there exist a substring that is followed next by another substring thats exactly the same as the first one.p  pIn this example ABAEABstrongABEstrongABE br ABE is followed by ABE and that are two identical substrings.p  pIn this examplebrbr AABbrbr It would be simply A, beacuse A is followed by another A.brbr In this examplebr ABCDEFGHIJKLMNObr There doesnt exist such a substring, so the answer would be NO.brp  pbr I only managed to find an algorithm that would run in On2. That is getting Hashes and its prefixes. Then for each letter we expand simply and check all the words ending on that letter. There are n letters. We need to expand it n times. So its On2. I believe there should be a On log n algorithm for this problem.p  pDoes anybody have a better ideap
Negative 63 pIm trying to debug a segmentation fault using mdb in solaris as this is the only available option for me. The following is the core dumpp  precodethreading model multithreaded status process terminated by SIGSEGV Segmentation Fault C symbol demangling enabled librax.so void RajHistoryBackendaddMessage0x58 librax.sovoid RajErrorSinkoutput0xe0  librax.so void RajErrorSinkbgDoWrite9  librax.so int RajErrorSinkBackendrun0x128 libmtcpp.so voidstartThread0x1e libc.so.1 thrsetup0x5b libc.so.1 lwpstart codepre  pCode snippetp  precode     stddequeltchargt queue       void RajHistoryBackendaddMessagechar msg            mutex.lock       queue.pushfrontmsg        while  queue.size1 gt size                 char b  queue.back         queue.popback         delete [] b              mutex.unlock      codepre  pIm actually struggling to find the crash reason as Im new to mdb . I did some debugging using this a hrefhttpwww.google.com.sgurlsatamprctjampqampesrcsampfrm1ampsourcewebampcd3ampved0CCkQFjACampurlhttp3A2F2Fd3s.mff.cuni.cz2Fteaching2Fcrashdumpanalysis2Fslides2F06mdb.pdfampeiY1zLVOGHGozl8AW8jIDoBAampusgAFQjCNHyWejo9kS7fMNTODPMVujcvZMAVAampsig2QUBQYFp7873u7kkPFDZQampbvmbv.84607526,d.dGc relnofollowlinkap  pWhen I tried to print the variables in this methodp  precodegt historysized  libenv.sohistorysize  libenv.sohistorysize         20  gtmsgC libc.so.1msg libc.so.1msg  H  gtmsgs libc.so.1msg libc.so.1msg  HGHcHcHUHLeLmILuH]ALH0 Iu5M tAgt codepre  pDoes this mean the received message, codechar msgcode is invalid How do I get the exact line in addMessage method which caused the problem Any hints on this how I can debug in mdbp
Negative 63 pI want to pass a shell codestring in linux, include new line character as arguments into C program from command line, example  code.myprogram number0  n while [ number lt 10 ] do n echo number n  numbernumber  1 n donecodep  pif I put this string directly in C code, and use systemcommandstring, the symbol n is interpreted as newline character and itll work well. But if I send this string through command line as above itll not work. the symbol n is not interpreted as newline character. How can I sovle this problemp
Negative 63 h1include NewLibMathFuncsLib.hh1  pThe include file exists in DcworkspaceNewLib. NewLib is another project. I have done the configurationp  pstrongUnder Project  Properties  CC General  Paths and Symbols  Libraries, Ive already added the include directory DcworkspaceNewLibMathFuncsLib.h.strongp  pstrongUnder Project  Properties  CC General  Paths and Symbols  Libraries, Ive already added the include directory workspacelocNewLibstrongp  pstrongUnder Project  Properties  CC General  Paths and Symbols  Library Path, DcworkspaceNewLibstrongp  pstrongProject  Properties  CC General  Paths and Symbols  References,NewLib is selected.strongp  pBut the error is there fatal error NewLibMathFuncsLib.h No such file or directory  include NewLibMathFuncsLib.hp
Negative 63 pI decided to do a project on doublylinked list in order to understand it better. I have already made functions that insert nodes at the head and at the tail but now Im having trouble in inserting nodes by value. Here is the function p  precodevoid finsertbyvaluetheindividual head, char str, int a      theindividual current  head, temp  fcreatestr, a      if head  NULL head  temp     else          if tempgtage lt headgtage              tempgtnext  head             headgtprev  temp             head  headgtprev                  else              while tempgtage gt currentgtage ampamp currentgtnext  NULL current  currentgtnext             if currentgtnext  NULL                  tempgtprev  current                 currentgtnext  temp                                current  currentgtnext                          else                  tempgtprev  currentgtprev                 tempgtnext  current                 currentgtprevgtnext  temp                 currentgtprev  temp                                 return  codepre  pSegmentation fault occurs on line currentprevnext  temp. I tried to print addresses to see why this happens and found out that node which is first in the input always ends up having its previous element pointing to NULL. Can someone explain why that happens and how can it be fixed Thank you.p
Negative 63 precodelet str  tHIS is A test let swappedcase  This IS a TEST codepre  pSwift noob here, how to do the second statement programaticallyp
Negative 63 pI have been going at this for days. I have created a IE addon that registers and works great on 32bit IE. My problem occurs when I try to get it running on 64bit Windows 7. As I found out, IE on 64 runs both 32 and 64. So trying to run my addon by registering the 32bit dll using the 32bit regasm gets it working. However, Registering the 64bit dll using the 64 bit regasm doesnt work. If i run IE in enhanced protected mode, the addon works.p  pI am trying to get the IE to run my 64bit addon without enhanced protected mode on as other addons that are required only run on 32bit EI and thus are disabledincompatible when using enhanced mode. I also need to be able to run my DLL in 64bit and NOT in 32bit as I am using my dll to communicate with driversfirmware that have to be in 64bit so they would work on windows. p  pWithout Enhanced mode onp  pI tried registering 64bit BHO Dll with regasm 64 Didnt run my addon but I could see it in the manage addons I tried registering the ANY CPU BHO Dll with regasm 64 and 32 Could see the add on and run it but when trying to call the hardware it failed because the hardware requires to be called from 64bit. got missing dependencies...p  pHere is a copy of my code minus the extensionsp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Text using SHDocVw using mshtml using System.IO using Microsoft.Win32 using System.Runtime.InteropServices using EyeBankAPI using System.Runtime.InteropServices.Expando using System.Reflection using System.Windows.Forms  namespace IEPlugin      [     ComVisibletrue,     InterfaceTypeComInterfaceType.InterfaceIsIUnknown,     GuidFC4801A32BA911CFA22900AA003D7352     ]     public interface IObjectWithSite              [PreserveSig]         int SetSite[MarshalAsUnmanagedType.IUnknown]object site         [PreserveSig]         int GetSiteref Guid guid, out IntPtr ppvSite            [         ComVisibletrue,         Guid2159CB25EF9A54C1B43CE30D1A4A8277,         ClassInterfaceClassInterfaceType.None, ProgIdMyExtension,         ComDefaultInterfacetypeofIExtension      ]     public class BHO  IObjectWithSite, IExtension              private SHDocVw.WebBrowser webBrowser          public int SetSiteobject site                      if site  null                              webBrowser  SHDocVw.WebBrowsersite                 webBrowser.DocumentComplete                    new DWebBrowserEvents2DocumentCompleteEventHandler                   this.OnDocumentComplete                          else                              webBrowser.DocumentComplete                    new DWebBrowserEvents2DocumentCompleteEventHandler                   this.OnDocumentComplete                 webBrowser  null                           return 0                    public int GetSiteref Guid guid, out IntPtr ppvSite                      IntPtr punk  Marshal.GetIUnknownForObjectwebBrowser             int hr  Marshal.QueryInterfacepunk, ref guid, out ppvSite             Marshal.Releasepunk             return hr                   public void OnDocumentCompleteobject pDisp, ref object URL                      try                              dynamic window  webBrowser.Document.parentWindow                 IExpando windowEx  IExpandowindow                 windowEx.AddPropertyMyExtension                 window.myExtension  this                          catch Exception ex                              MessageBox.Showex.Message                                 public string CallHardware                      bool capture  true             string result  Library.CallHardwareConnectcapture             return result                    public const string BHOREGISTRYKEYNAME     SoftwareMicrosoftWindows     CurrentVersionExplorerBrowser Helper Objects          [ComRegisterFunction]         public static void RegisterBHOType type                      RegistryKey registryKey                Registry.LocalMachine.OpenSubKeyBHOREGISTRYKEYNAME, true              if registryKey  null                 registryKey  Registry.LocalMachine.CreateSubKey                                         BHOREGISTRYKEYNAME              string guid  type.GUID.ToStringB             RegistryKey ourKey  registryKey.OpenSubKeyguid              if ourKey  null                              ourKey  registryKey.CreateSubKeyguid                           ourKey.SetValueNoExplorer, 1,RegistryValueKind.DWord              registryKey.Close             ourKey.Close                   [ComUnregisterFunction]         public static void UnregisterBHOType type                      RegistryKey registryKey                Registry.LocalMachine.OpenSubKeyBHOREGISTRYKEYNAME, true             string guid  type.GUID.ToStringB              if registryKey  null                 registryKey.DeleteSubKeyguid, false                     [ComVisibletrue]     [InterfaceTypeComInterfaceType.InterfaceIsDual]     [GuidB9BBD37E510C4e7c9ADD222B72752E0D]     public interface IExtension              [DispId1]         string CallHardware       codepre  pManaged to get it working on both. However some websites, that run Java Applet, cannot call my extension. It works on every site, I can call the function normally, however, when i tried to run it from the java applet site it doesnt work. I tried everything. p
Negative 63 pI have played around but havent found the solution.br I need Layout to be at the bottom of its parent. Here is a codebrp  precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidgravitycenter     androidorientationvertical gt      ltTextView         androidididoutput         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent          androidtextstringQ1         androidpadding16dp         gt     ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidorientationhorizontal         gt         ltButton             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidididtruebutton             androidtextstringtruebuttontext             gt         ltButton             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidididfalsebutton             androidtextstringfalsebuttontext             gt     ltLinearLayoutgt     ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutgravitybottom         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidorientationhorizontal         gt     ltImageButton         androidididprevbutton         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawablearrowleft         androidcontentDescriptionBack         gt     ltImageButton         androidididnextbutton         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidsrcdrawablearrowright         androidcontentDescriptionNext         gt     ltLinearLayoutgt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pI need the last two strongImageButtonstrong be at the bottom.br The attribute strongandroidlayoutgravitybottomstrong doesnt helpbr Any suggestionsp
Negative 63 pIm trying to create a folderfiles structure in a shared drive using Java. Im using the AclEntry class to achieve my goal but something really weird is happening.p  pOnce the root folder is created Im assigning all permissions to a specific user and by all I mean ALL the AclEntryPermissions constants and my AclEntryType is ALLOW.p  pThe user can go and traverse through all the folders but he is not able to do anything add foldersfiles, delete, rename, cutpaste.p  pWhen checking the NTFS permissions Ive realized that Standard permissions are not showing what Special permissions have. As far as I know, the standard permissions are actually composed by a group of special. If the user has all special permissions, why he does not have full control on the standard.p  pI cannot post images here but basically what I see isp  pOn the properties windowp  precode                          Allow    Deny Full control Modify Read amp execute List folder contents       Yes Read Write Special permissions        Yes codepre  pOn the Advance Permissions windowp  precode                                Allow    Deny Full control                     Yes Traverse folder  execute file   Yes List folder  read data          Yes Read attributes                  Yes Read extended attributes         Yes Create files  write data        Yes Create folders  append data     Yes Write attributes                 Yes Write extended attributes        Yes Delete subfolders and files      Yes Delete                           Yes Read permissions                 Yes Change permissions               Yes Take ownership                   Yes codepre
Negative 63 pI am implementing BizTalk 2010 Saleforce integration where I am purely using enterprise wsdl for calling its methods. No C code for any operation.p  pI am successfully able to call login method and getting result back with all details. Now at the subsequent request where I am calling query method which does not take additional parameter for taking header. It is only taking query string as parameter shown below.p  precodeltelement namequerygt     ltcomplexTypegt       ltsequencegt         ltelement namequeryString typestring gt       ltsequencegt     ltcomplexTypegt   ltelementgt codepre  pNow the problem is when I am calling this method it is giving me error for Invalid Session and Illegal Session Header because no header getting passed.p  pAlternative that I tried is constructing message and passing header with session id taking from login result explicitly as shown below.p  precodeOption 1.  varXMLDocument  new System.Xml.XmlDocument  varXMLDocument.LoadXmlltns0Envelope xmlnsns0httpQuerySFDCVIAWSDL.QueryRequestSchemagtltBodygtltquerygtltqueryStringgtSELECT some fields xyz... FROM QuoteltqueryStringgtltquerygtltBodygtltns0Envelopegt  msgSendQryToSalesforce  varXMLDocument  Setting  Header msgSendQryToSalesforceWCF.Headers  ltns0SessionHeader xmlnsns0urnenterprise.soap.sforce.comgtltns0sessionIdgt  SessionId  ltns0sessionIdgtltns0SessionHeadergt  Option 2.  Creating session header in same xml. varXMLDocument.LoadXmlltns0Envelope xmlnsns0httpQuerySFDCVIAWSDL.QueryRequestSchemagtltHeadergtltSessionHeadergtltsessionIdgtSessionIdltsessionIdgtltSessionHeadergtltHeadergtltBodygtltquerygtltqueryStringgtSELECT some fields xyz... FROM QuoteltqueryStringgtltquerygtltBodygtltns0Envelopegt codepre  pThe problem with these approach is SessionHeader getting removed at runtime and only querystring getting  passed to SFDC. Hence getting same result Invalid Session and Illegal Session Header.p  pRequest From Orchestration Debugger where there is no session header after been passed explicitly, it is only taking querystring.p  precodeFinal Request ltns0query xmlnsns1urnsobject.enterprise.soap.sforce.com xmlnsns0urnenterprise.soap.sforce.comgtltns0queryStringgtSELECT some fields xyz... FROM Quoteltns0queryStringgtltns0querygt codepre  pCan anybody please help me and assist me in finding out the appropriate solution so that at all subsequent request have session ids passed in session header.p  pFrom SoapUI tool when I am passing same xml with session header it is getting me result back.p  precodeltsoapenvEnvelope xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope xmlnsurnurnenterprise.soap.sforce.comgt    ltsoapenvHeadergt            lturnSessionHeadergt         lturnsessionIdgtsome id.......lturnsessionIdgt       lturnSessionHeadergt    ltsoapenvHeadergt    ltsoapenvBodygt       lturnquerygt          lturnqueryStringgtSelect some fields xyz... from QuotelturnqueryStringgt       lturnquerygt    ltsoapenvBodygt ltsoapenvEnvelopegt codepre  pNot able to understand why from BizTalk it is not working.p  pJust FYI my queryRequestSchemap  precodeJust FYI my queryRequestSchema  ltxml version1.0gt ltxsschema targetNamespacehttpQuerySFDCVIAWSDL.QueryRequestSchema xmlnshttpQuerySFDCVIAWSDL.QueryRequestSchema xmlnsbhttpschemas.microsoft.comBizTalk2003 xmlnsxshttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt   ltxselement nameEnvelopegt     ltxscomplexTypegt       ltxssequencegt         ltxselement nameHeadergt           ltxscomplexTypegt             ltxssequencegt               ltxselement nameSessionHeadergt                 ltxscomplexTypegt                   ltxssequencegt                     ltxselement namesessionId typexsstringgtltxselementgt                   ltxssequencegt                 ltxscomplexTypegt               ltxselementgt             ltxssequencegt           ltxscomplexTypegt         ltxselementgt         ltxselement nameBodygt           ltxscomplexTypegt             ltxssequencegt               ltxselement namequerygt                 ltxscomplexTypegt                   ltxssequencegt                     ltxselement namequeryString typexsstringgtltxselementgt                   ltxssequencegt                 ltxscomplexTypegt               ltxselementgt             ltxssequencegt           ltxscomplexTypegt         ltxselementgt       ltxssequencegt     ltxscomplexTypegt   ltxselementgt ltxsschemagt codepre  pThanks in Advance.p
Negative 63 pIm running node app under forever in a docker container, how do I get all console.log output to show up on the console Im a beginner to docker so I assume the best way to log with docker is to simply log to stdout. If theres a better more proper way to do this Im open to alternative solutions. p
Negative 63 pIve SVG rect element, which I want use for dividing Donut into parts.p  pBut these rectanglesspokes are not aligned in a straight line.p  pIm using a hrefhttpd3js.org relnofollowD3.jsa, Please suggest if there is better way to have strongSpoke wheel effectstrongp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netkmdr72wc63 relnofollowTransform Origin on SVG elementap  precoderect  wheel.selectAllg.rect   .datarectData.enter   .appendg   .attrtransform,functiond,i      var rotate  60i      var rotX  100, rotY  150      return translaterotX,rotY rotaterotate      .attrclass,rect codepre  hr  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar width  200,   height  300,   innerRadius  100,   outerRadius  80 var wheel  d3.selectwheel   .appendsvg   .attrwidth, width   .attrheight, height  arc  d3.svg.arc   .innerRadiusinnerRadius   .outerRadiusouterRadius   .startAngle0   .endAngle2  Math.PI  rectData  [   x width  2,   y height  2 ,    x width  2,   y height  2 ,    x width  2,   y height  2 ,    x width  2,   y height  2 ,    x width  2,   y height  2 ,    x width  2,   y height  2 ] rect  wheel.selectAllg.rect   .datarectData.enter   .appendg   .attrtransform, functiond, i      var rotate  60  i     var rotX  100,       rotY  150     return translate  rotX  ,  rotY   rotate  rotate        .attrclass, rect   rect.appendrect   .attrwidth, 20   .attrheight, outerRadius  10  wheel.appendpath.attrd, arc   .attrtransform, translate  width  2  ,  height  2     .attrclass, donutcodepre pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecodewheel    margin auto 0   width 300px   height 300px  wheel .donut    fill F37E36  wheel rect    fill A2A931   transformorigin 90 50  wheel .rect rect    transformorigin center codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpscdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibsd33.5.3d3.jsgtltscriptgt ltdiv idwheelgtltdivgtcodepre div div p
Negative 63 pI have a job listing project set up and I want to be able to filter by several filters. I want to be able to have sidebar which can filter by certain elements  city, jobtype, and contracttypep  pIs there a straightforward way to create radio buttons that will display the options available to the user i.e for city a list of London, Manchester, Brighton etc which can be ticked to display those specific jobsp  pIm new to rails so having a hard time working out what I need to do, if anyone could explain what I need to do Id really appreciate itp  pMy code is as follows p  pindex.html.erb p  precodelt jobs.each do job gt ltdiv classjobgt     lth2gtlt job.position gtlth2gt     ltpgtCompany lt job.company gtltpgt     ltpgtSalary lt job.salary gtltpgt     ltpgtlta hrefhttplt job.companywebsite gt targetblankgtWebsite lt job.companywebsite gtltagtltpgt     ltpgtlta hrefhttpwww.twitter.comlt job.companytwitter gt targetblankgtTwitter lt job.companytwitter gtltagtltpgt     ltpgtContract Type lt job.contract gtltpgt     ltpgtCity lt job.city gtltpgt     ltpgtExpiry date lt job.expirydate gtltpgt     ltpgtJob Type lt job.jobtype gtltpgt     ltpgtFull Descriptionltbrgtltbrgtlt job.description gtltpgt     ltpgtHow to apply lt job.apply gtltpgt   ltdivgt lt end gt codepre  pjob.rb  p  precodeclass Job lt ActiveRecordBase    validates position, presence true    validates company, presence true    validates salary, presence true    validates companywebsite, presence true    validates companytwitter, presence true    validates contract, presence true    validates city, presence true    validates expirydate, presence true    validates jobtype, presence true    validates description, presence true    validates apply, presence true end codepre  pjobscontroller.erb  p  precodeclass JobsController lt ApplicationController   def index     jobs  Job.pageparams[page].per25   end    def new     job  Job.new   end    def create     job  Job.newparams.requirejob.permitposition, company, salary, companywebsite, companytwitter, contract, city, expirydate, jobtype, description, apply      if job.save       redirectto rootpath     else       render new     end   end end codepre  pnew.html.erb  p  precodelt simpleformfor job, html  multipart true  do form gt lt form.input position, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Job Position, label false gt lt form.input company, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Company name, label false gt lt form.input salary, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Salary, label false gt lt form.input companywebsite, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Company Website, label false gt lt form.input companytwitter, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Twitter Handle e.g HatchInc, label false gt lt form.input contract, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Contract Type, label false gt lt form.input city, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder City, label false gt lt form.input expirydate, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Expiry date, label false gt lt form.input jobtype, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Job Type, label false gt lt form.input description, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder Full job description, label false gt lt form.input apply, inputhtml  maxlength 60 , placeholder How to apply, label false gt lt form.button submit gt lt end gt codepre
Negative 63 pI have problems reading this collection with mongoose and Node.jsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comUJVY6.png altI have one JSON inside mi Collectionp  pI have one JSON inside my Collection and i try to read this with this codep  precodematerias.find.execfunctionerr1,materias         iferr1console.logerr1 return next         forx0xltmaterias.lengthx             console.logmaterias[x].Nombre             var arreglomaterias[x].Horario[0].Dia  TRY ONE             var arregloJSON.parsematerias[x].Horario[0]  TRY TWO             console.logarreglo[0]                    RESPONSE TRY ONE          console.logarreglo UNDEFINED          RESPONSE TRY TWO          undefined [           if I use JSON.stringify the response is [object][object]... enter code here codepre
Negative 63 precodeCar myCar  [[Car alloc] init] codepre  pcreates a new codeCarcode object with the name codemyCarcode. But if it isp  precodeCar myCar  [[DifferentCar alloc] init] codepre  pWhat will be created I know that code[[Xx alloc] init]code is for creating a new object, but what strongXxstrong does therep
Negative 63 pIm very new to jQuery and the world of JS, so please pardon my ignorance. Im trying to get the width of the .gridsarah so I can center content inside of it. Everythings working fine, except the heightFix30 does it not recognize that its doing 30px not 30 also the var textIndent isnt working when I divide it by 4. I dont think showing my CSS and HTML is necessary let me know otherwise.p  pScriptp  precode function squares   var heightFix  .gridsarah.csswidth   var heightFixer  heightFix30   var textIndent  heightFix4      figure.effectsarah.heightheightFixer 30px off     figure.effectsarah h2.csslineheight, heightFix     figure.effectsarah h2.csstextindent, textIndent      figure.effectsarah h2.cssmarginleft, 25     squares   window .resizefunction    squares   return false  codepre
Negative 63 pIm new but have managed to learn a lot and create a pretty awesome I hope app thats near completion. One of my last tasks is to create a PDF of dynamically generated user data. It has been the most frustrating part of this whole process as there is no real modern clear cut template or guide. Apples documentation isnt very descriptive and some parts I dont understand and the QA here on stack and examples on Google all seem very case specific. I thought I almost had it by using a UIScrollView but the end result was messy and I couldnt get things to line up neat enough, nor did I have enough control.p  pI believe my flaws with this task are logic related and not knowing enough about available APIs, help on either is greatly appreciated.p  pI have dynamically created user content filling an NSArray in a subclass of a UIViewController. That content consists of Strings and Images. p  pI would like to use a UIView Im presuming in a .xib file to create a template with header information for the first page of the PDF the header information is dynamic as well, any page after that can be done via code as it really is just a list.  p  pI have a small understanding of UIGraphicsPDF... and would like to draw the text and images into the PDF and not just take a screen shot of the view. p  pMy trouble with getting this going is  Im being basic here on purpose because what I have done so far has led me nowherep  pHow do I find out how many pages Im going to need p  pHow do I find out if text is longer than a page and how do I split it p  pHow do I draw images in the PDFp  pHow do I draw text in the PDFp  pHow do I draw both text and images in the PDF but padded vertically so theres no overlap and account for Strings with a dynamic number of linesp  pHow do I keep track of the pages p  pThank you for reading, I hoe the cringe factor wasnt too high. p
Negative 63 pim trying to make this relation works, but when I try to update an LazyInitializationException happens. I dont know what to do, because, when I try to insert, it is happens without errors.p  precodepublic class A       ManyToMany         JoinTable           nameAB,           joinColumnsJoinColumnnameAid, referencedColumnNameid,           inverseJoinColumnsJoinColumnnameBid, referencedColumnNameid                  private ListltBgt listB    public class B     ManyToManymappedByramosAtividade         private ListltAgt a  codepre  pIve tried the eager solution but didnt worked.p  pWhat should I do to make this relations to work p  pThe PrintStackTrace p  precodeorg.hibernate.LazyInitializationException failed to lazily initialize a collection, could not initialize proxy  no Session     at org.hibernate.collection.internal.AbstractPersistentCollection.throwLazyInitializationExceptionAbstractPersistentCollection.java575     at org.hibernate.collection.internal.AbstractPersistentCollection.withTemporarySessionIfNeededAbstractPersistentCollection.java214     at org.hibernate.collection.internal.AbstractPersistentCollection.initializeAbstractPersistentCollection.java554     at org.hibernate.collection.internal.AbstractPersistentCollection.writeAbstractPersistentCollection.java399     at org.hibernate.collection.internal.PersistentBag.addPersistentBag.java314     at com.sun.faces.renderkit.htmlbasic.MenuRenderer.convertSelectManyValuesForModelMenuRenderer.java381     at com.sun.faces.renderkit.htmlbasic.MenuRenderer.convertSelectManyValueMenuRenderer.java128     at com.sun.faces.renderkit.htmlbasic.MenuRenderer.getConvertedValueMenuRenderer.java314     at org.primefaces.component.selectmanymenu.SelectManyMenuRenderer.getConvertedValueSelectManyMenuRenderer.java37     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.getConvertedValueUIInput.java1046     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.validateUIInput.java976     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.executeValidateUIInput.java1249     at javax.faces.component.UIInput.processValidatorsUIInput.java712     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at org.primefaces.component.panel.Panel.processValidatorsPanel.java287     at javax.faces.component.UIForm.processValidatorsUIForm.java253     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at org.primefaces.component.panel.Panel.processValidatorsPanel.java287     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at org.primefaces.component.panel.Panel.processValidatorsPanel.java287     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at javax.faces.component.UIComponentBase.processValidatorsUIComponentBase.java1258     at javax.faces.component.UIViewRoot.processValidatorsUIViewRoot.java1195     at com.sun.faces.lifecycle.ProcessValidationsPhase.executeProcessValidationsPhase.java76     at com.sun.faces.lifecycle.Phase.doPhasePhase.java101     at com.sun.faces.lifecycle.LifecycleImpl.executeLifecycleImpl.java198     at javax.faces.webapp.FacesServlet.serviceFacesServlet.java646     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java291     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206     at org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilterWsFilter.java52     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java239     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java330     at org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invokeFilterSecurityInterceptor.java118     at org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilterFilterSecurityInterceptor.java84     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilterExceptionTranslationFilter.java113     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilterSessionManagementFilter.java103     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilterAnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java113     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilterSecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java54     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilterRequestCacheAwareFilter.java45     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterBasicAuthenticationFilter.java150     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilterAbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java183     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilterLogoutFilter.java105     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilterSecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java87     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternalFilterChainProxy.java192     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java160     at org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegateDelegatingFilterProxy.java237     at org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilterDelegatingFilterProxy.java167     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java239     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java219     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java106     at org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java501     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java142     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java79     at org.apache.catalina.valves.AbstractAccessLogValve.invokeAbstractAccessLogValve.java610     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java88     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java516     at org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1086     at org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java659     at org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11NioProtocolHttp11ConnectionHandler.processHttp11NioProtocol.java223     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.NioEndpointSocketProcessor.doRunNioEndpoint.java1558     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.NioEndpointSocketProcessor.runNioEndpoint.java1515     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerUnknown Source     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runUnknown Source     at org.apache.tomcat.util.threads.TaskThreadWrappingRunnable.runTaskThread.java61     at java.lang.Thread.runUnknown Source codepre
Negative 63 pFollow up from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28512486bshipgamexsandosarejustscrewinguppythonthisabr I want to now randomnize the AI boats locations. Also, can we try to do two boatsp  pHeres the code if you dont want to click the above linkp  precodedef drawboardhitboard     print              print   hitboard[7]      hitboard[8]      hitboard[9]        print              print     print              print   hitboard[4]      hitboard[5]      hitboard[6]        print              print     print              print   hitboard[1]      hitboard[2]      hitboard[3]        print           def aicornershitboard,spothit     if spothit  1 or spothit  2 or spothit  3         hitboard[spothit]  x     else         hitboard[spothit]  o     printdrawboardhitboard  def aiedgeshitboard,spothit     if spothit  1 or spothit  2 or spothit  3         hitboard[spothit]  x     else         hitboard[spothit]  o      printdrawboardhitboard  def aimiddlehitboard,spothit     if spothit  1 or spothit  2 or spothit  3         hitboard[spothit]  x     else         hitboard[spothit]  o      printdrawboardhitboard  def hitplayer     pass def main     gameisplaying  True     while gameisplaying         hitboard  [  for i in range10]         userready  inputPlace your ships. Type done when you finished placing it.         while not userready  done             userready  inputType done when you locate your ship.           shipissunk  False         while shipissunk  False             spothit  inputWheres the hit 19               while not spothit in 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9.split                 spothit  input Please tell me where the hit is 19               spothit  intspothit             if spothit in [1,3,7,9]                 aicornershitboard,spothit             elif spothit in [2,4,6,8]                 aiedgeshitboard,spothit             else                 aimiddlehitboard,spothit  main codepre  pNotice how I only have one boat, and its set position of [1,2,3]. I want to change the location every time the user plays it.p  pstrongParts of code updated belowstrong should i replace the original codep  precodedef aicornershitboard,spothit,shipspots,shipspots2     if spothit in shipspots or spothit in shipspots2         hitboard[spothit]  x     else         hitboard[spothit]  o     printdrawboardhitboard def main     import random     possiblespots  [[1,2,3], [4,5,6], [7,8,9], [7,4,1], [8,5,2], [9,6,3]]     possiblespots2  [[1,2],[2,3],[4,5],[5,6],[7,8],[8,9],[1,4],[4,7],[2,5],[5,8],[3,6],[6,9]]     shipspots  random.choicepossiblespots     shipspots2  random.choicepossiblespots2     gameisplaying  True     while gameisplaying         hitboard  [  for i in range10]         userready  inputPlace your ships. Type done when you finished placing it.         while not userready  done             userready  inputType done when you locate your ship.           shipissunk  False         while shipissunk  False             spothit  inputWheres the hit 19               while not spothit in 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9.split                 spothit  input Please tell me where the hit is 19               spothit  intspothit             aicornershitboard,spothit,shipspots,shipspots2 main codepre  pHelp is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 63 pI installed the latest version of Android Studio, and imported an older project. I get this error when I try to open itp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comSrIph.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI am working on an interactive svg polymer web component.  Recently, I swapped out simple block diagrams for highfidelity svgs and immediately noticed much slower responses times to click events. The click handlers are attached to simple paths that overlay complicated svgs.  I have found in polymer.js v0.5.4 that the mousedown function executes, a long delay of 100ms to 1000ms ensues, the polymer mouseup function executes, and then finally my click handler executes taking about 60ms.  I am wondering about the varying polymer delay between mousedown and mouseup as its causing performance issues in my app.  I have thought it possibly related to the 300ms mobile click delay a hrefhttpupdates.html5rocks.com201312300mstapdelaygoneaway relnofollowhttpupdates.html5rocks.com201312300mstapdelaygoneawaya but the delay is not consistent and I am running on desktops.  Typical delays appear to be around 160ms but variations over 500ms are especially hurtful to performance.  I have reproduced this on multiple machines within Chrome.  Any thoughts as to what is going on and how to fix itp  pHere are some millisecond timings I collected where for example 516 is the polymer mousedownmouseup delta and clickTime is the time to execute my handler.p  precodepolymer 516  clickTime 52 9 of total time polymer 137  clickTime 51 27 of total time polymer 153  clickTime 48 23 of total time polymer 136  clickTime 47 25 of total time polymer 152  clickTime 43 21 of total time polymer 442  clickTime 44 9 of total time polymer 152  clickTime 42 21 of total time polymer 150  clickTime 41 21 of total time polymer 167  clickTime 40 19 of total time polymer 147  clickTime 41 21 of total time polymer 147  clickTime 40 21 of total time polymer 148  clickTime 42 21 of total time polymer 410  clickTime 40 8 of total time polymer 132  clickTime 48 26 of total time polymer 534  clickTime 47 8 of total time polymer 537  clickTime 47 8 of total time codepre
Negative 63 pI am trying to validate a field using JQuery validation PhoneUS. It does not work properly. It validates some phone numbers properly, but sometimes its not working. My JSP is below.p  precode myform .validate   rules      field        required true,       phoneUS true          codepre  pHtml Code isp  precodeltform idmyformgt   ltlabel forfieldgtRequired, us phone number ltlabelgt   ltinput classleft idfield namefieldgt   ltbrgt   ltinput typesubmit valueValidategt ltformgt codepre  pIt validates properly this kind of numbers like 882282. But sometimes this is not working properly for this kind of numbers like 801121. When I am puting this kind of numbers I am getting this message Please specify a valid phone number.p  pPlease help me outp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI have a fixed header which covers the content that disappears when I scroll down. But it doesnt cover a js component caled a hrefhttpwww.jssor.comdemosdifferentsizephotoslider.html relnofollowJssor Slidera. Ive seen simular effects with other js components on the net. Any ideas why this happensp  precodeheader      background f00     height 136px     width 100     position fixed     textalign center  codepre  pHeres the fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.nete6k4h25g relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.nete6k4h25gap
Negative 63 pIs it possible to send a form submission from a controller, but follow the action in the browserp  pI know you cant redirect post, but is there a way to send the submission in the controller and it continues like a normal POSTp  pe.g.p  precodefunction paymentHandler       validation data       save data      redirectsend POST with data to paymentgatewy which is external      gateway page should be what the user then sees  codepre
Negative 63 pHere is my code. It is frustrating me so bad. p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecodehtml    height100   width100  body    backgroundcolor 3D56E3   margin0   width100   height100  title    backgroundcolor A8B5ED   border 2px solid black   fontfamily Times New Roman   margin 20px 900px 30px 0   textalign left   position absolute   left 0   top 0   paddingleft 5px   paddingright 5px  titlehover    color 271573   transition 0.5s   .intro    backgroundcolor A8B5ED   border 2px solid black   fontfamily Times New Roman   margin 90px 900px 30px 0   textalign left   top 8px   left 0   position fixed   paddingbottom 15px   paddingright 5px   paddingleft 5px    marquee     boxshadow0 0 10px black    position fixed    top 0    borderbottom solid 2px black    backgroundcolor black    right 0    color white    zindex 2    width 100   .Projects    border 2px solid black   position fixed   margin 20px 900px 30px 50px   left 1120px   width 200px   top 0   height auto   maxheight 50   paddingleft 5px   backgroundcolor A8B5ED  ProjectsHeaderhover    color 271573   transition 0.5s  alink    color2333DE  avisited    color 7855D9  ahover    color 4B6BEB   textdecoration none  aactive    color 092AAD  footer   color white   bordertop 2px solid black   position fixed   left 0   bottom 0 codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltDOCTYPE HTMLgt lthtmlgt   ltWebsite by Keyblademaster33gt ltheadgt   ltlink typetextcss relstylesheet hrefhttpkeybladia.site11.comstyle.cssgt   ltlink typeiconico relshortcut icon hreffavicon.icov2gt   ltscript typetextjavascript srchttpkeybladia.site11.comhome.jsgt   ltscriptgt lttitlegt Keybladia  Home Page lttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt      ltmarquee titleSite News scrollamount5gt      The Future is now, Thanks to Science ltmarqueegt lth1 idtitlegtWelcome To Keys Websitelth1gt ltp classintrogt Sorry for almost quiting on this website. I got frustrated    and quit working on the website for about a month and a half. In the end,    I couldnt give up and started working again. Hopefully, It should not happen again because    I have more vigor than I ever did before. And to show how sorry I am, I redesigned the    entire home page of the website.ltpgt    lta hrefhttpsplus.google.com116883163929378015997 relpublishergtltagt    ltdiv classVideogt    ltdivgt   ltdiv classProjectsgt   lth3 idProjectsHeadergtProjectslth3gt    ampnbsp Site Navigation   ltulgt     ltligtlta titleNow you dont have to hit the back button hrefhttpkeybladia.site11.comgt Home ltagtltligt     ltligtlta titleThem updates hrefhttpkeybladia.site11.compagesupdatenotes.htmlgt Site Updates ltagtltligt     ltligtlta titleThe future is now hrefhttpkeybladia.site11.compagesfutureplans.htmlgt Future Plans ltagtltligt     ltligtlta titleFight the Man hrefhttpkeybladia.site11.comschoolgt School ltagtltligt   ltulgt   ampnbsp Cool Links   ltulgt     ltligtlta titleCodecademy hrefhttpwww.codecademy.comgtGo here to learn codeltagtltligt     ltligtlta titleReese Trcalek Inc. hrefhttpswww.youtube.comchannelUCY9Y9OyMwToDklOQ0buegAgtMy YouTube Channelltagtltligt     ltligtlta titleToo Many Tags hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comgtCoding Referencesltagtltligt     ltligtlta titleYou cant handle the code hrefhttpstackoverflow.comgtCoding Helpltagtltligt   ltulgt   ltdivgt   ltdiv idfootergt     ltpgt This website is created by Keyblademaster33 in 2014  2015 ltpgt   ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgtcodepre div div p  pPlease I ask for help. Tell anything about other problems you see in the code. I have tried for about a month or so to figure it out. Here is the link to my website as well if that will help. a hrefhttpwww.keybladia.site11.com relnofollowhttpwww.keybladia.site11.comap
Negative 63 pIm using pivot group to get frequency for a certain interval. Normally when we right click on a pivot table and choose group, a small window will pop up. It allows us to choose strongstarting atstrong, strongending atstrong, strongbystrongwhich is the interval. We can manually type in the values we want. Now Im thinking can I ask the strongbystrong option to refer a cell, so when I change the value in that cell, the value in strongbystrong option will be changed.p  pI couldnt find a way to do that. Does anyone know how to do that within pivot table or maybe we do not have to use pivot table.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to comment the lines in my scripts where a pattern from a given list of patterns is present. Now, I am able to do it the following way on command line  p  precodesed abcdefg s file.sql gt file.commented codepre  pBut if I use a variable for pattern instead of abcdefg directly as above Im not able to do the same. p  precodepatternabcdefg sed pattern s file.sql gt file.commented codepre  pLooks like it is escaping the dollar character and not taking the value of the variable. p  pHow do you do the same with awkp
Negative 63 pI make Chrome extension for removing li elements from specific UL.p  pfor example i havep  precodeltulgt     ltli id1gtltdiv classl1gtltpgttest1ltpgtltdivgtltligt     ltli id2gtltdiv classl1gtltpgttest2ltpgtltdivgtltligt     ltli id3gtltdiv classl1gtltpgttest3ltpgtltdivgtltligt     .... and so on ltulgt codepre  pI have array of 3500 itemslike database which on every page reload checks this ul for matches and removes them.p  pmy jQuery code is like thisp  precodevar remove  function removeitems      .eachitems, functionindex,value         if div.l1 p.filterfunction  return this.text  value .length   if there is match             div.l1 p.filterfunction return this.text  value .parent.parent.remove  delete li element              codepre  pand i call it likep  precodevar initi  function initi  called when page is loaded      removeArraytest1,test2,test3,...,testonemilion  codepre  pmy problem which happens is sometimes chrome randomly runs out of memory and requires reloading the page. I think this will happen more often when database becomes bigger.p  pso i wanted to ask are there possible ways to optimize my jQuery function, to lower that memory stressp  pi use latest chrome 40.0.2214.115 m and have 8GB RAM on my computerwhich never gets to 100p  pThanksp  pEDIT Also are there debugging tools which will display how different versions of function will performfor example function1 executes for 1 sec, function2 executes for 0.8sec and so onp
Negative 63 pI came across following code snippet to insert enter into the the text in a textarea where ctrl  enter is pressed.p  precodetxtChatMessage.keydownMessageTextOnKeyEnter function MessageTextOnKeyEntere      console.logthis.selectionEnd     if e.keyCode  13          if e.ctrlKey              var val  this.value             if typeof this.selectionStart  number ampamp typeof this.selectionEnd  number                  var start  this.selectionStart                  this.value  val.slice0, start  n  val.slicethis.selectionEnd                 this.selectionStart  this.selectionEnd  start  1              else if document.selection ampamp document.selection.createRange                  this.focus                 var range  document.selection.createRange                 range.text  rn                 range.collapsefalse                 range.select                               return false       codepre  pWhat I dont understand is what do selectionStart and selectionEnd mean here  According to documentation that I read, selectionStartEnd contain the startend of selected text in the input element. However, here no text is explicitly selected. On doing console.log I could see that both these properties always have some value even when the text is not selected. Why is thatp
Negative 63 pFor thirdparty jquery code in my Django project, Ive adopted a directory structure for my static files that puts all thirdparty files in a separate codelibcode subdirectory. More specifically, this is what my directory tree currently looks likep  precodemyproject   myproject     static       css         myownstylesheet.css         lib           bobsstylesheet.css           joesstylesheet.css       img         myownimage.png         lib           bobsimage.png           joesimage.png       js         myownjavascript.js         lib           bobsjavascript.js           joesjavascript.js codepre  pThis is meant to accomplish two things 1. Separating my own assets from thirdparty assets. 2. Separating css, img, and js files.p  pOf course, as long as the paths are all correct, this works fine, but is there actually a convention for a location for thirdparty material in Django projectsp  pIve also consideredp  precodemyproject   myproject     static       css       img       js       lib         bob           css           img           js         joe           css           img           js codepre  pI wonder if I may be overthinking this, but is there a bestpractice for thisp
Negative 63 pI am sending hello.c file from the client to the server. The server receives it and stores it as hello123.c. I am trying to compile this file and run it using the system command.p  precode Server program include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include lterrno.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltsyswait.hgt include ltsyssocket.hgt include ltsignal.hgt include ltctype.hgt           include ltarpainet.hgt include ltnetdb.hgt  define PORT 20001  define BACKLOG 5 define LENGTH 512   int main   int sockfd  int nsockfd  int num int sinsize  struct sockaddrin addrlocal  client addr  struct sockaddrin addrremote  server addr  char revbuf[LENGTH]   Get the Socket file descriptor  ifsockfd  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0  1       fprintfstderr, ERROR Failed to obtain Socket Descriptor. errno  dn, errno     exit1  else      printf[Server] Obtaining socket descriptor successfully.n   Fill the client socket address struct  addrlocal.sinfamily  AFINET  Protocol Family addrlocal.sinport  htonsPORT  Port number addrlocal.sinaddr.saddr  INADDRANY  AutoFill local address bzeroampaddrlocal.sinzero, 8  Flush the rest of struct   Bind a special Port  if bindsockfd, struct sockaddrampaddrlocal, sizeofstruct sockaddr  1       fprintfstderr, ERROR Failed to bind Port. errno  dn, errno     exit1  else      printf[Server] Binded tcp port d in addr 127.0.0.1 sucessfully.n,PORT   Listen remote connectcalling  iflistensockfd,BACKLOG  1      fprintfstderr, ERROR Failed to listen Port. errno  dn, errno     exit1  else     printf [Server] Listening the port d successfully.n, PORT  int success  0 whilesuccess  0      sinsize  sizeofstruct sockaddrin       Wait a connection, and obtain a new socket file despriptor for single connection      if nsockfd  acceptsockfd, struct sockaddr ampaddrremote, ampsinsize  1           fprintfstderr, ERROR Obtaining new Socket Despcritor. errno  dn, errno     exit1          else      printf[Server] Server has got connected from s.n, inetntoaaddrremote.sinaddr           char buffer[256]         bzerobuffer,256         int n  0         n  readnsockfd, buffer, 255         if n lt 0 errorERROR reading from socket         printfmsg sn,buffer      Receive File from Client      char frname  hello123.c     FILE fr  fopenfrname, a     iffr  NULL     printfFile s Cannot be opened file on server.n, frname     else          bzerorevbuf, LENGTH      int frblocksz  0     whilefrblocksz  recvnsockfd, revbuf, LENGTH, 0 gt 0               int writesz  fwriterevbuf, sizeofchar, frblocksz, fr         ifwritesz lt frblocksz                      errorFile write failed on server.n                  bzerorevbuf, LENGTH         if frblocksz  0  frblocksz  512                       break                   iffrblocksz lt 0              if errno  EAGAIN                      printfrecv timed out.n                  else                      fprintfstderr, recv failed due to errno  dn, errno             exit1                   printfOk received from clientn     systemgcc hello123.c o hello123.out     system.hello123.out     fclosefr               Client program include ltstdlib.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include lterrno.hgt include ltstring.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt include ltnetinetin.hgt include ltsyswait.hgt include ltsyssocket.hgt include ltsignal.hgt include ltctype.hgt           include ltarpainet.hgt include ltnetdb.hgt  define PORT 20001 define LENGTH 512   int mainint argc, char argv[] int sockfd  int nsockfd char revbuf[LENGTH]  struct sockaddrin remoteaddr   Get the Socket file descriptor  if sockfd  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, 0  1      fprintfstderr, ERROR Failed to obtain Socket Descriptor errno  dn,errno     exit1    Fill the socket address struct  remoteaddr.sinfamily  AFINET  remoteaddr.sinport  htonsPORT  inetptonAFINET, 127.0.0.1, ampremoteaddr.sinaddr  bzeroampremoteaddr.sinzero, 8   Try to connect the remote  if connectsockfd, struct sockaddr ampremoteaddr, sizeofstruct sockaddr  1      fprintfstderr, ERROR Failed to connect to the host errno  dn,errno     exit1  else      printf[Client] Connected to server at port d...okn, PORT   Send File to Server  iffork      char fsname  hello.c     char sdbuf[LENGTH]           char buffer[256]         int n         fgetsbuffer,255,stdin         bzerobuffer,256         n  writesockfd,buffer, strlenbuffer         ifnlt0 printfError sending filename      printf[Client] Sending s to the Server... , fsname     FILE fs  fopenfsname, r     iffs  NULL          printfERROR File s not found.n, fsname     exit1           bzerosdbuf, LENGTH      int fsblocksz     whilefsblocksz  freadsdbuf, sizeofchar, LENGTH, fs gt 0          ifsendsockfd, sdbuf, fsblocksz, 0 lt 0              fprintfstderr, ERROR Failed to send file s. errno  dn, fsname, errno         break          bzerosdbuf, LENGTH          printfOk File s from Client was Sentn, fsname    close sockfd printf[Client] Connection lost.n return 0  codepre  pBut I am getting an error as followsp  precodehello123.c76 error redefinition of main hello123.c26 note previous definition of main was here hello123.c126 error redefinition of main hello123.c26 note previous definition of main was here hello123.c176 error redefinition of main hello123.c26 note previous definition of main was here hello123.c226 error redefinition of main hello123.c26 note previous definition of main was here hello123.c276 error redefinition of main hello123.c26 note previous definition of main was here hello123.c326 error redefinition of main hello123.c26 note previous definition of main was here sh 1 .hello123.out not found codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI need to display the list of Serials. Upon click of any action related to Serial the related list of episodes should be displayed. I am stuck at this point.p  pI am able to display the related list but at the bottom of the list. Kindly suggest me to display related list just below the Selected Record.p  pKindly suggest me the way to find a solution.p  pSerials and Episodes are in masterdetail relationship where Serials is the parent. br brbrp  pemEdit Delete Openem    nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp Serial A    p  precode  Add more episodes   Actions        Episode Name       Edit Delete      episode 1      Edit Delete      episode 2   Edit Delete      episode 3   Edit Delete      episode 4    Edit Delete      episode 5 codepre  pemEdit Delete Openem    nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp  Serial B br emEdit Delete Openem     nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp nbsp Serial Cp
Negative 63 pIm looking for a sample code wich use the Camel RabbitMQ Request Response Pattern. p  pMy use case    A request message is depose in a RabbitMQ Queue  A Camel route consume the message, invoke an external Web Service, and reply the response based on the replyto properties of the messagep  pI also implement this use case using Spring AMQP but I want to do it with Camel RabbitMQ too.p  pCamel Documentation  a hrefhttpcamel.apache.orgrabbitmq.html relnofollowhttpcamel.apache.orgrabbitmq.htmla p  pThanks for your help.p  pArnaudp
Negative 63 pI am not able to read from HDFS Intel distribution hadoop, Hadoop version is 1.0.3 from sparkshellspark version is 1.2.1. I built spark using the command codemvn Dhadoop.version1.0.3 clean packagecode, started  sparkshell and read a HDFS file using codesc.textFilecode and the exception isp  blockquote   pWARN hdfs.DFSClient Failed to connect to 10.xx.xx.xx50010, add to   deadNodes and continuejava.net.SocketTimeoutException 120000 millis   timeout while waiting for channel to be ready for read. ch    java.nio.channels.SocketChannel[connected local10.xx.xx.xx44264   remote10.xx.xx.xx50010]   ...   ERROR executor.Executor Exception in task 1.0 in stage 0.0 TID 1   java.io.IOException Could not obtain block   blk87248946486246525037309 fileresearchFilesREADME.mdp blockquote  pSame question is asked here  a hrefhttpmailarchives.us.apache.orgmodmboxsparkuser201309.mbox3CF97ADEE4FBA8F6478453E148FE9E2E8D3CCA37A9HASMSX106.ger.corp.intel.com3E relnofollowhttpmailarchives.us.apache.orgmodmboxsparkuser201309.mbox3CF97ADEE4FBA8F6478453E148FE9E2E8D3CCA37A9HASMSX106.ger.corp.intel.com3Eap  pThis was the suggested solution p  pstrongIn addition to specifying HADOOPVERSION1.0.3 in the .projectSparkBuild.scala file, you will need to specify the libraryDependencies and name sparkcore  resolvers. Otherwise, sbt will fetch version 1.0.3 of hadoopcore from apache instead of Intel. You can set up your own local or remote repository that you specifystrongp  pCan anybody please elaborate on how to specify that SBT should fetch hadoopcore from Intel which is available in our internal repositoryp
Negative 63 pI am trying to make a java program that appends text into an existing document. This is what it has gotten me atp  precodeimport java.util. import java.io. public class Main      public mainString args[]              System.out.printPlease enter a task          Scanner taskInput  new ScannerSystem.in         String task  taskInput.next         System.out.printtask          PrintWriter writer  new PrintWriterrestasks.txt, UTF8         writer.printlnThe first line         writer.printlnThe second line         writer.close        codepre  pI have some errors and do not know how to fix them. I looked at the Bufferedwriter but I dont know how its used, and yes I have looked javadocs. C was not nearly this complicated. Once again, I want to know how to make the program append text to an existing file. It should be efficient enough to make into an app. Are there any good resources to teach how to writeappendread files javadoc is not doing it for me.  p
Negative 63 pI am performing a XSLT Transformation on an incoming Soaphttp request in simple proxy service. I am getting the following Error. p  pstrongNotestrong i am using WSO2 ESB 4.8.1.p  pstrongErrorstrongp  precodeUnable to perform XSLT transformation using  Value name null, keyValue govxsltInterface.xslt against source XPath  s11Bodychild[position1]  s12Bodychild[position1] reason  Unable to create an OMElement using XSLT result  org.apache.synapse.mediators.transform.XSLTMediator org.apache.synapse.SynapseException Unable to create an OMElement using XSLT result      at org.apache.synapse.mediators.transform.XSLTMediator.performXSLTXSLTMediator.java302     at org.apache.synapse.mediators.transform.XSLTMediator.mediateXSLTMediator.java191     at org.apache.synapse.mediators.AbstractListMediator.mediateAbstractListMediator.java77     at org.apache.synapse.mediators.AbstractListMediator.mediateAbstractListMediator.java47     at org.apache.synapse.mediators.base.SequenceMediator.mediateSequenceMediator.java131     at org.apache.synapse.core.axis2.ProxyServiceMessageReceiver.receiveProxyServiceMessageReceiver.java166     at org.apache.axis2.engine.AxisEngine.receiveAxisEngine.java180     at org.apache.synapse.transport.passthru.ServerWorker.processEntityEnclosingRequestServerWorker.java411     at org.apache.synapse.transport.passthru.ServerWorker.runServerWorker.java183     at org.apache.axis2.transport.base.threads.NativeWorkerPool1.runNativeWorkerPool.java172     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java744 Caused by org.apache.axiom.om.OMException javax.xml.stream.XMLStreamException ParseError at [row,col][4,16] Message Content is not allowed in prolog.     at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.builder.StAXOMBuilder.nextStAXOMBuilder.java296     at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.llom.OMDocumentImpl.getOMDocumentElementOMDocumentImpl.java109     at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.builder.StAXOMBuilder.getDocumentElementStAXOMBuilder.java570     at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.builder.StAXOMBuilder.getDocumentElementStAXOMBuilder.java566     at org.apache.synapse.util.jaxp.StreamResultBuilder.getNodeStreamResultBuilder.java87     at org.apache.synapse.mediators.transform.XSLTMediator.performXSLTXSLTMediator.java300     ... 12 more Caused by javax.xml.stream.XMLStreamException ParseError at [row,col][4,16] Message Content is not allowed in prolog.     at com.sun.org.apache.xerces.internal.impl.XMLStreamReaderImpl.nextXMLStreamReaderImpl.java598     at org.apache.axiom.util.stax.wrapper.XMLStreamReaderWrapper.nextXMLStreamReaderWrapper.java225     at org.apache.axiom.util.stax.dialect.SJSXPStreamReaderWrapper.nextSJSXPStreamReaderWrapper.java138     at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.builder.StAXOMBuilder.parserNextStAXOMBuilder.java681     at org.apache.axiom.om.impl.builder.StAXOMBuilder.nextStAXOMBuilder.java214     ... 17 more codepre  pstrongXSLT Filestrongp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltxslstylesheet xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform xmlnsconhttpcom.examplecdmcontractv1 xmlnslichttpcom.examplecdmlicensev1 xmlnsorghttpcom.examplecdmorganizationv1 xmlnstnshttpcom.examplecdmorderv1 xmlnstns1httpcom.examplecdmcustomerv1 xmlnstns3httpcom.examplecdmaddressv1 xmlnstns4httpcom.examplecdmpersonv1 xmlnstns5httpcom.examplecdmproductofferv1 xmlnstns6httpcom.examplecdmproductv1 xmlnstns7httpcom.examplecdmproductofferpricev1 excluderesultprefixestns tns1 tns4 tns3 tns5 tns6 tns7 version1.0gt   ltxsltemplate matchtnsOrderRequestgt     lttnsOrderRequestgt       lttnsOrdergt         lttnsOrderHeadergt           lttnsOrderNumbergt             ltxslvalueof selecttnsOrderHeadertnsOrderNumber gt           lttnsOrderNumbergt             lttnsOrderHeadergt          lttnsOrdergt     lttnsOrderRequestgt   ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pstrongProblemstrong i dont know what is wrong with my XSLT file. I dont see anything in my prolog. p
Negative 63 pI made a COM Wrapper for c to use it in vba. I compiled it, after with gacutil and regasm I installed it on my pc, after I refered it in vba and it worked perfectly.p  pNow I want to use this foo.tlb in another PC, but it doesnt have gacutil or VS. p  pI just have to execute regasm.exe for this tlb Or what else I need to do itp
Negative 63 pI am trying to update the row using the jsf with primefaces here is my code for each files but when I debug I am not getting updated value it gives me an old value everytime and persist it same as an old one.p  pcodeusertype.xhtmlcodep  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml     xmlnsuihttpjava.sun.comjsffacelets     xmlnshhttpjava.sun.comjsfhtml     xmlnsfhttpjava.sun.comjsfcore     xmlnsphttpprimefaces.orguigt lthheadgt lthheadgt lthbody stylealigncentergt      ltdiv stylewidth 100gt         lthform idformgt             ltdiv stylefloat left width 54gt                 ltpgrowl idmsgs showDetailtrue gt                 ltpdataTable iduserTypesTbl varvarUserType                     valueuserTypeTabMenuBean.userTypeMasters editabletrue                     stylemarginbottom20px rowIndexVarrowIndexgt                     ltffacet nameheadergtUser Type Managgingltffacetgt                      ltpajax eventrowEdit listeneruserTypeTabMenuBean.onRowEdit                         updateformmsgs gt                     ltpajax eventrowEditCancel                         listeneruserTypeTabMenuBean.onRowCancel updateformmsgs gt                      ltpcolumn headerTextSr.gt                         rowIndex1.                     ltpcolumngt                      ltpcolumn headerTextTypegt                         ltpcellEditorgt                             ltffacet nameoutputgt                                 lthoutputText valuevarUserType.type gt                             ltffacetgt                             ltffacet nameinputgt                                 ltpinputText valuevarUserType.type stylewidth100                                     labeltype gt                             ltffacetgt                         ltpcellEditorgt                     ltpcolumngt                     ltpcolumngt                         ltffacet nameheadergtViewltffacetgt                         ltpcommandButton updateform oncompleteuserTypeDialog.show                             iconuiiconsearch titleViewgt                             ltfsetPropertyActionListener valueuserType                                 varselectedUserType                                 targetuserTypeTabMenuBean.selectedUserType gt                         ltpcommandButtongt                     ltpcolumngt                      ltpcolumn stylewidth32pxgt                         ltffacet nameheadergtEditltffacetgt                         ltprowEditor gt                     ltpcolumngt                      ltpcolumn stylewidth32pxalignitems centergt                         ltffacet nameheadergtDeleteltffacetgt                         lthcommandLink                             actionuserTypeTabMenuBean.deleteActionvarUserTypegt                             lthgraphicImage libraryimages namedelete.png height45                                 width50 gt                         lthcommandLinkgt                     ltpcolumngt                 ltpdataTablegt                 ltuidebug hotkeyx gt                  ltpdialog headerUser type detail widgetVaruserTypeDialog                     resizablefalse width330 showEffectexplode                     hideEffectexplodegt                     lthpanelGrid iddisplay columns2 cellpadding4gt                         lthoutputText valueID   gt                         lthoutputText valueuserTypeTabMenuBean.selectedUserType.id gt                         lthoutputText valueTYPE  gt                         lthoutputText valueuserTypeTabMenuBean.selectedUserType.type gt                     lthpanelGridgt                 ltpdialoggt             ltdivgt             ltdiv stylefloat right width 44gt                 ltppanel menuTitleAdd User Type. headerAdd User Type.gt                     lthoutputText valueUser type  gt                     ltpinputText valueuserTypeTabMenuBean.userType                         titleEnter User Type.. idmyUserType                         stylemargin0px 10px 0px 10pxgtltpinputTextgt                     ltpcommandButton valueAdd Type                         actionuserTypeTabMenuBean.saveAction ajaxfalsegt                     ltpcommandButtongt                 ltppanelgt             ltdivgt         lthformgt     ltdivgt lthbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pcodeUserTypeTabMenuBean.javacodep  precodepackage com.convoy.gpack.managedbean  import java.io.Serializable import java.util.List  import javax.faces.application.FacesMessage import javax.faces.bean.ManagedBean import javax.faces.bean.SessionScoped import javax.faces.context.FacesContext  import org.apache.log4j.Logger import org.primefaces.event.RowEditEvent  import com.convoy.gpack.dao.UserTypeMasterDAO import com.convoy.gpack.pack.models.UserTypeMaster  ManagedBeanname  userTypeTabMenuBean SessionScoped public class UserTypeTabMenuBean implements Serializable  private static final long serialVersionUID  1467465633405172689L private static final Logger logger  Logger         .getLoggerUserTypeTabMenuBean.class private ListltUserTypeMastergt userTypeMasters private UserTypeMasterDAO userTypeMasterDAO  new UserTypeMasterDAO private UserTypeMaster selectedUserType private String userType  public ListltUserTypeMastergt getUserTypeMasters      userTypeMasters  userTypeMasterDAO.getAllUserTypes     logger.infogetUserTypeMasters  userTypeMasters     return userTypeMasters   public String deleteActionUserTypeMaster userTypeMaster      logger.infoDeleting the object with id    userTypeMaster.getId     UserTypeMasterDAO userTypeMasterDAO  new UserTypeMasterDAO     int result  userTypeMasterDAO.deleteUserTypeuserTypeMaster     userTypeMasters.removeuserTypeMaster     if result  1          FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessage                 User type deleted successfuly.         FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg      else          FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessageFailed to delete user types.         FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg          return null   public void onRowEditRowEditEvent event      UserTypeMaster userTypeMaster  UserTypeMaster event.getObject     logger.infoUPDATING THE USER TYPE MASTER                userTypeMaster.getType     UserTypeMasterDAO userTypeMasterDAO  new UserTypeMasterDAO     userTypeMasterDAO.saveOrUpdateUserTypeMasteruserTypeMaster     logger.infoUPDATING THE USER TYPE MASTER                userTypeMaster.getType      FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessageEdited type ,             UserTypeMaster event.getObject.getType       FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg   public void onRowCancelRowEditEvent event      FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessageEditing Cancelled for ,             UserTypeMaster event.getObject.getType       FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg   public UserTypeMaster getSelectedUserType      return selectedUserType   public void setSelectedUserTypeUserTypeMaster selectedUserType      this.selectedUserType  selectedUserType   public String getUserType      return userType   public void setUserTypeString userType      this.userType  userType   public void saveAction      logger.infoSaving the object to database....  userType     if userType.trim.length lt 1          FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessageCan not save empty user type.         FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg          UserTypeMasterDAO userTypeMasterDAO  new UserTypeMasterDAO     UserTypeMaster userTypeMaster  new UserTypeMaster     userTypeMaster.setTypeuserType     int result  userTypeMasterDAO             .saveOrUpdateUserTypeMasteruserTypeMaster     if result  1          FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessageUser type saved.         FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg      else          FacesMessage msg  new FacesMessageFailed to save user type.         FacesContext.getCurrentInstance.addMessagenull, msg        codepre  pcodeUserTypeMasterDAO.javacodep  precodepackage com.convoy.gpack.dao  import java.io.Serializable import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List  import org.hibernate.Criteria import org.hibernate.Session import org.hibernate.Transaction  import com.convoy.gpack.hibernate.util.HibernateUtil import com.convoy.gpack.pack.models.UserTypeMaster  public class UserTypeMasterDAO implements Serializable         private static final long serialVersionUID  4005898944892506760L  public UserTypeMaster getUserTypeByIdlong long1       return null   public ListltStringgt getAllUserTypesInString      try          Session session  HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory.openSession         Transaction transaction  session.beginTransaction         Criteria criteria  session.createCriteriaUserTypeMaster.class         SuppressWarningsunchecked         ListltUserTypeMastergt userTypeMasters  criteria.list         ListltStringgt userTypeMastersString  new ArrayListltStringgt         for UserTypeMaster userTypeMaster  userTypeMasters              userTypeMastersString.adduserTypeMaster.getType                  transaction.commit         session.close         return userTypeMastersString      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace         return null        public ListltUserTypeMastergt getAllUserTypes      try          Session session  HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory.openSession         Transaction transaction  session.beginTransaction         Criteria criteria  session.createCriteriaUserTypeMaster.class         SuppressWarningsunchecked         ListltUserTypeMastergt userTypeMasters  criteria.list         transaction.commit         session.close         return userTypeMasters      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace         return null        public int saveOrUpdateUserTypeMasterUserTypeMaster userTypeMaster      try          Session session  HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory.openSession         Transaction transaction  session.beginTransaction         userTypeMaster.setTypeuserTypeMaster.getType.toUpperCase         session.saveOrUpdateuserTypeMaster         transaction.commit         session.close         return 1      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace         return 1         public int deleteUserTypeUserTypeMaster userTypeMaster      try          Session session  HibernateUtil.getSessionFactory.openSession         Transaction transaction  session.beginTransaction         session.deleteuserTypeMaster         transaction.commit         session.close         return 1      catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace         return 1        codepre  pThanks in advance  p
Negative 63 pI have this skinnywar EAR file. It is supposed to be contained in a WildFly 8.2.0.Final application server.p  precode lib    log4japi2.1.jar    log4jcore2.1.jar  METAINF    application.xml    jbossapp.xml    log4j2.xml    MANIFEST.MF  myejb.jar  myweb.war skinny war    METAINF      MANIFEST.MF    WEBINF      classes        ...      lib empty since skinny war    index.html codepre  pWhen I first start logging from codemyweb.warcode, I keep getting this message code20150304 110422,806 ERROR [stderr] default task23 ERROR StatusLogger Log4j2 could not find a logging implementation. Please add log4jcore to the classpath. Using SimpleLogger to log to the console...code and no message is added to my log file.p  pHowever when I start logging from codemyejb.jarcode, I have no issue at all and the consequent logging from codemyweb.warcode is working fine as well.p  pHow to have log4j2 properly usedconfigured in my EAR file so that I dont have to care that my ejb file is called firstp  pFiles, as requestedp  pmyejb.jarMETAINFMANIFEST.MFp  precodeManifestVersion 1.0 ArchiverVersion Plexus Archiver BuiltBy Olivier ClassPath liblog4japi2.1.jar libguava18.0.jar liblog4jcore2.  1.jar liblog4jweb2.1.jar CreatedBy Apache Maven 3.2.3 BuildJdk 1.8.025 codepre  pmyweb.warMETAINFMANIFEST.MFp  precodeManifestVersion 1.0 ArchiverVersion Plexus Archiver BuiltBy Olivier ClassPath liblog4japi2.1.jar libguava18.0.jar liblog4jcore2.  1.jar liblog4jweb2.1.jar CreatedBy Apache Maven 3.2.3 BuildJdk 1.8.025 codepre
Negative 63 pWhat I want to achieve is to get the type of validation who failed. Was it blank  Duplicate  Length p  precodeclass Film lt ActiveRecordBase     validates title, presence gt true, uniqueness gt true, length gt  maximum gt 100      validates budget, presence gt true, length gt  within gt 1..10000000  end codepre  pI want to be able to do thatp  precodef  Film.create f.errors.first.type  presence codepre  pOr something like that. I want to do that to send the reason of the failure from my API to an API consumer Mobile.p  precode    errors [       code filmemptytitle,       reason empty    ]  codepre
Negative 63 pstrongCustomers Tablestrong brp  precodeCustomerIDCustomerNameBatchDeadline 1AAA1 2BBB2 3CCC2 4DDD3 codepre  pBatchDeadline Number of days after BatchDate, if 2 means second day of BatchDate in Batches table.p  pstrongBatches Tablestrong brp  precodeBatchIDCustomerIDBatchDate 1120150302 800 2220150302 810 3220150303 1020 4120150304 1110 5320150304 1112 6320150304 1922 7320150305 1123 codepre  pI am trying to get number of batches that passed deadline, and number of batches near deadline 2 hours before the deadline. p  precodeDateTime now  DateTime.Now foreachcustomer c in customers    foreachBatch b in batches          DateTime deadline  b.BatchDate.AddDaysc.BatchDate      DateTime nearDeadline  deadline.AddHours2       if now gt deadline           passed the deadline       else if now gt nearDeadline           near the deadline           codepre  pThe above code works fine when I check in 24 hours time. How about when it is required to check just from 8am  4pmp  pTo make it clear I want to exlude evening time, just include office hours. Check for batches that passed deadline and near deadline just within office hours 8am to 4pm.p
Negative 63 pi have treepanel code in extjs view, here it is   p  precodecreateTreePaketExist function          var groupProduct  Ext.createExt.tree.Panel,              store        TreePaketModif,             queryMode    local,             itemId       treeProduct,             renderTo     Ext.getBody,             name         treeProduct,             rootVisible  false,             useArrows    true,             layout      fit,             margin       0 0 0 0,             autoScroll   true,             height       150,             width        63,             listeners                               checkchange functionnode, checked, eOpts                 if node.isLeaf                      node  node.parentNode                     var siblingStateEqual  true                     if node.childNodes.length  1                          siblingStateEqual  checked                      else                          node.cascadeByfunctionn                          if n  node                              if n.getchecked  checked                              siblingStateEqual  false                                                                                                     codepre  pi got result like thisbr img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com75R9Y.jpg altenter image description here bri want to disabled or delete checkbox in codeProgram Indihome 1000 menitIN1000code, what must i add or editbr thanks..p
Negative 63 pI need to find the execution time of methods and document them in a report to identify the execution times of different methods. This has to be done regularly, so whenever tests run in build the execution time is recorded.p  pOne approach is to capture start and end time and take difference. Is there a way where we can annotate the method under test and only when the method is executed from Junit, the execution time is recordedp  pFor examplep  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeTest  public void test       classUndetTest.method1     void method1    method2     void method2    codepre  pI would like to find the time taken for executing codemethod2code, when the test is run. p
Negative 63 pWhat better form to develop a UML model to web servicep  pI am beginning  a new project and a need build a UML model to web service.p
Negative 63 pI cant get the TagHelpers package via the project.json nor through nuget.p  pIve tried a hrefhttpswww.nuget.orgpackagesMicrosoft.AspNet.Mvc.TagHelpers relnofollowInstallPackage Microsoft.AspNet.Mvc.TagHelpers Pre a in the package manager console.p  pI cant even find it in the Nuget Package Manager search.p  pIm using the latest Visual Studio 2015 CTP 6 with everything up to date. I started using the ASP.NET 5 web project.p  pHow can I get the TagHelpers package p
Negative 63 precodeINSERT INTO [stdReceipt]            [rcpGUID]            ,[rcpDate]            ,[rcpCheckNo]            ,[rcpAmount]            ,[rcpInterestRate]            ,[rcpPurpose]            ,[rcpDeposited]            ,[rcpStatement]            ,[rcpNote]            ,[rcpState]            ,[rcpReconciled]            ,[rcpForceItemize]            ,[rcpForceUnitemize]            ,[rcpperGUID]            ,[rcprcsGUID]            ,[rcpsouGUID]            ,[rcpchsGUID]            ,[rcpaccGUID]            ,[rcpbatGUID]            ,[rcpFecId]            ,[rcpTransId]            ,[rcprlvGUID]            ,[rcpletGUIDThankYou]            ,[rcpletGUIDCompliance]            ,[rcppleGUID]            ,[rcplinkGUID]            ,[rcpDeleted]            ,[rcpCreatedOn]            ,[rcpCreatedBy]            ,[rcpUpdatedOn]            ,[rcpUpdatedBy]            ,[rcpDeletedOn]            ,[rcpDeletedBy]            ,[rcpSupport]            ,[rcpOppose]            ,[rcpSourceId]            ,[rcpDueDate]            ,[rcpMatchingFundsSequence]            ,[rcpreceivedDate]            ,[rcpReceivedYear]            ,[rcpTransferAmount]            ,[rcpYearPart]            ,[rcpAmendmentCode]            ,[rcpLocked]            ,[rcpLockedOn]            ,[rcpFillingId]            ,[rcpFillingDate]            ,[rcppmtGUID]            ,[rcpIsValid]            ,[rcpReceivedByGUID]            ,[rcpReceiptableAmount]            ,[rcpisNonReceiptable]            ,[rcpReceiptSentDate]                  select            rcpguid,ltrcpGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            date,,ltrcpDate, datetime,gt            isnullcheckno,,,ltrcpCheckNo, nvarchar50,gt            amount,,ltrcpAmount, money,gt            ,ltrcpInterestRate, decimal9,6,gt            isnullnote,,,ltrcpPurpose, nvarchar250,gt            deposited,,ltrcpDeposited, datetime,gt            deposited,,ltrcpStatement, datetime,gt            ,,ltrcpNote, ntext,gt            ,,ltrcpState, nchar2,gt            0,,ltrcpReconciled, bit,gt            0,,ltrcpForceItemize, bit,gt            CASE WHEN [type]  Unitemized THEN 1 ELSE 0 END,,ltrcpForceUnitemize, bit,gt            perguid,,ltrcpperGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            rcsguid,,ltrcprcsGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            souguid,,ltrcpsouGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            chsguid,,ltrcpchsGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            accguid,,ltrcpaccGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            batguid,,ltrcpbatGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,,ltrcpFecId, nvarchar20,gt            ,,ltrcpTransId, nvarchar20,gt            ,ltrcprlvGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcpletGUIDThankYou, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcpletGUIDCompliance, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcppleGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcplinkGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            0,,ltrcpDeleted, bit,gt            getdate,,ltrcpCreatedOn, datetime,gt            00000000000000000000000000000000,,ltrcpCreatedBy, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcpUpdatedOn, datetime,gt            ,ltrcpUpdatedBy, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcpDeletedOn, datetime,gt            ,ltrcpDeletedBy, uniqueidentifier,gt            0,,ltrcpSupport, bit,gt            0,,ltrcpOppose, bit,gt            CMcastkeyid as nvarchar,,ltrcpSourceId, nvarchar10,gt            ,ltrcpDueDate, datetime,gt            ,ltrcpMatchingFundsSequence, bigint,gt            ,ltrcpreceivedDate, datetime,gt            yeardate,,ltrcpReceivedYear, varchar4,gt            ,ltrcpTransferAmount, money,gt            ,ltrcpYearPart, int,gt            ,ltrcpAmendmentCode, nvarchar3,gt            0,ltrcpLocked, bit,gt            ,ltrcpLockedOn, datetime,gt            ,ltrcpFillingId, nvarchar30,gt            ,ltrcpFillingDate, datetime,gt            ,ltrcppmtGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcpIsValid, bit,gt            ,ltrcpReceivedByGUID, uniqueidentifier,gt            ,ltrcpReceiptableAmount, money,gt            ,ltrcpisNonReceiptable, bit,gt            ,ltrcpReceiptSentDate, datetime,gt    from icontfile codepre  pOk I am getting an errorp  blockquote   pThe conversion of a nvarchar data type to a datetime data type resulted in an outofrange value. p blockquote  pBut pretty simple set up I am doing an insert of my receipts and not sure how to get around this..p
Negative 63 pI have a string like thisp  precode14522354265300000000000 codepre  pI want to display it without zero values, how I can do this  I do thisp  precodepos  strposroute, 0 length  countstrsplitroute a  length  pos a  substrroute, 0, a codepre  pbut it remove code3code in the end of string. Can somebody help mep  pAdditional If string will be code123088888880code, I want make it code123code.p
Negative 63 pI need to set the system property max.retries in thucydides. I need to rerun the failed test again in thucydides so that can be done by using max.retries. Can any one please guide me in this regardp
Negative 63 pHi I am trying to make an autosuggest box for my website I have it all working however I want it in a list with separate items but when I try to print the ajax response with and li around it, it just prints all the results in one list item it looks like this lijamez joejoejoejoelip  pI want to have it on a separate list item like lijamezlilijoejoejoejoeli   php codep  precode        ltphp     username  willhelstrip     input  GET[input]     arrayone  array     arraytwo  array      mysqlconnectlocalhost,root,WHelstrip     mysqlselectdbcoding      sql  SELECT  FROM freind WHERE freind1.username. OR freind2.username. ORDER BY id DESC     res  mysqlquerysql or diemysqlerror       if mysqlnumrowsres  0       else                 sql2  SELECT  FROM freind WHERE freind1 LIKE .input. AND freind2.username. OR freind2 LIKE .input. AND freind1.username.              res2  mysqlquerysql2 or diemysqlerror              whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayres2                 friend1  row[freind1]                 friend2  row[freind2]                   iffriend1  username                     one  friend2                     arrayone[]  freind2                   else                      two  friend1                     arrayone[]  freind1                                                  array  arraymergerecursivearrayone,arraytwo                      headerContentType textxml         echo ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyes gt          echo ltresponsegt             echo one.   . two.            echo ltresponsegt      gt codepre  pajax codep  precode    var xmlHttp  createXmlHttpRequestObject      function createXmlHttpRequestObject           var xmlHttp          if window.ActiveXObject             try                 xmlHttp  new ActiveXObjectMicrosofot.XMLHTTP              catch e                  xmlHttp  false                      else             try                 xmlHttp  new XMLHttpRequest              catch e                  xmlHttp  false                                if xmlHttp              alertCould not create XML Object          else              return xmlHttp                    function autoComplete              input  encodeURIComponentdocument.getElementByIduserInput.value             alertfood             xmlHttp.openGET, foodstore.phpinputinput, true             xmlHttp.onreadystatechange  handleAutoComplete              xmlHttp.send           function handleAutoComplete            if  xmlHttp.readyState4              if  xmlHttp.status200              xmlResponse  xmlHttp.responseXML             xmlDocumentElement  xmlResponse.documentElement             autocompleteresponse  xmlDocumentElement.firstChild.textContent                    document.getElementByIdunderInput.innerHTML  Suggestions ltligt   autocompleteresponse  ltligt               codepre  pThanks, any help will be greatly appreciated p
Negative 63 pI want to move one specific section returned by my NSFetchedResultsController is put on the bottom. I want to keep the sort order of the other sections. Is there a way to override the specific orderp  pHere is my NSFetchedResultsController creationp  precode NSFetchedResultsController fetchedResultsController      if fetchedResultsController  nil          return fetchedResultsController          NSFetchRequest fetchRequest  [[NSFetchRequest alloc] init]     NSEntityDescription entity  [NSEntityDescription entityForNameObject inManagedObjectContextself.managedObjectContext]     [fetchRequest setEntityentity]     NSSortDescriptor descriptor  [[NSSortDescriptor alloc] initWithKeytype ascendingYES]     [fetchRequest setSortDescriptors[NSArray arrayWithObjectsteacherString, descriptor, nil]]     NSString downloadedString  Downloaded     fetchRequest.predicate  [NSPredicate predicateWithFormat status like[cd] ,downloadedString]     [fetchRequest setFetchBatchSize20]     fetchedResultsController  [[NSFetchedResultsController alloc] initWithFetchRequestfetchRequest                                                                     managedObjectContextself.managedObjectContext                                                                       sectionNameKeyPathtitle                                                                                cacheNamenil]     fetchedResultsController.delegate  self     self.fetchedResultsController  fetchedResultsController     return fetchedResultsController  codepre  pFor example I want to get the title that starts with U to always show on the bottom of the UITableView, but still respond to new objects inserts appropriately.p  pWhen I use the sort descriptors, it sorts the sections and then the rows in the sections.p
Negative 63 pSay I have 3 integer arrays code1,2,3,  2,3,  1codep  pI must take exactly one element from each array, to form a new array where all numbers are unique. In this example, the correct answers are code2,3,1 and 3,2,1code. Since I must take one element from the 3rd array, and I want all numbers to be unique, I must never take the number 1 from the first array.p  pWhat I have donep  precodefor a in array1     for b in array2         for c in array3             if a  b and a  c and b  c                 AddAnswera,b,c codepre  pThis is brute force, which works, but it doesnt scale well. What if now we are dealing with 20 arrays instead of just 3. I dont think its good to write a 20 nested forloops. Is there a clever way to do thisp
Negative 63 pI am getting below error in the eclipse output window when i try to launch the windows application.p  pA fatal error has been detected by the Java Runtime Environmentp  pEXCEPTIONACCESSVIOLATION 0xc0000005 at pc0x67b0dabc, pid3660, tid11860p  pJRE version JavaTM SE Runtime Environment 7.072b32 build 1.7.072b32  Java VM Java HotSpotTM Client VM 24.72b04 mixed mode windowsx86   Problematic frame  C  [MSVCR110.dll0x1dabc]p  pFailed to write core dump. Minidumps are not enabled by default on client versions of Windowsp  pAn error report file with more information is saved asp
Negative 63 pI had an old web site a hrefhttpsoldsite.com relnofollowhttpsoldsite.coma. I created a new site on a different web server a hrefhttpsnewsite.com relnofollowhttpsnewsite.comap  pI forwarded the domain oldsite.com to newsite.com. The problem is that when a hrefhttpsoldsite.com relnofollowhttpsoldsite.coma is entered, I get a site cannot be found message. It redirects fine when entered with just http, but breaks down on the https.p  pHow can I go about forwarding both the http and the https to a the new sitep  pThank you p
Negative 63 pI have two methods with same name with different parameters brp  precodefunc setNamename  NSString , fileName  NSString , data  NSData , body  NSMutableData      statement  func setNamename  NSString , value  NSString , body  NSMutableData      statement  codepre  pwhen I am calling this methods i get errors like...brp  precodeif condition      setNameparamKeysArray[cnt], fileName Photo.jpeg, data UIImageJPEGRepresentationimage, body body Error missing argument in parameter 2 in call  else      setNameparamKeysArray[cnt], value paramDic.objectForKeyparamKeysArray[cnt], body body Error  missing argument in parameter data in call  codepre  pwhy should it give this errors.. p
Negative 63 pJust started playing around with meteor and Im trying to use codeironroutercode for the routing. Here is my strongdata structurestrongp  precodeteam   id   name   tags[name,counter] codepre  pAnd here is the linking Im trying to use in the strongtemplatestrongp  precodeeach team.tags    lta href pathFor team idparent.id query... gtthis.name ltspan classcountlistgtthis.counterltspangtltagt  each codepre  pAnd my strongrouterstrong hasp  precoderouteteamid   And I get the search through the GET property... this.params.query  codepre  pSo p  ol liHow do I get the parent team id in the templateli liHow can I pass the id and the search parameter in the codepathForcodeli ol  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to import a database of more than 30gb size on Amazon EC2. But I am getting this errorp  blockquote   pCode 0xC0202009br   Source Omada ODW Import Log provider SSIS log provider for SQL Serverp      pDescription SSIS Error Code DTSEOLEDBERROR.  An OLE DB error has occurred. Error code 0x80004005.br   An OLE DB record is available.  Source Microsoft SQL Server Native Client 11.0  Hresult 0x80004005  Description Communication link failure.   An OLE DB record is available.  Source Microsoft SQL Server Native Client 11.0  Hresult 0x80004005  Description TCP Provider An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host.p blockquote
Negative 63 pI am moving my project into MVVM pattern, But the binding does not work. The below is my code of my project. The problem is the Textbox does not get updated with value when a new object is created in codeLRViewModel.cscode but the Message Box gets poppedup, specifying that property is changed, but that does not update the textbox.p  pstrongLoginRegister.xaml.csstrongp  precodeusing CSMSMVVM.ViewModels private LrViewModel lrViewModel public LoginRegister                      InitializeComponent          private void PageLoaded1object sender, RoutedEventArgs e                      lrViewModel  new LrViewModel             this.DataContext  lrViewModel          codepre  pstrongLoginRegister.xamlstrongp  precode. . . ltTextBox NameregID TextBinding RegId,ModeTwoWay,UpdateSourceTriggerPropertyChanged Padding8 Margin15,110,20,0 VerticalAlignmentTop BorderBrushFFD4F1FF FontSize15 ToolTipUsername or Employee ID FontFamilyCalibri gt . . . codepre  pstrongLRViewModel.csstrongp  precodeusing CSMSMVVM.Models  namespace CSMSMVVM.ViewModels      class LrViewModel              public LrModel LrModel  get set           public LrViewModel                      LrModelnew LrModel                              RegId  Value                             codepre  pstrongLrModel.csstrongp  precodenamespace CSMSMVVM.Models      class LrModel  INotifyPropertyChanged              private String regId          public String RegId                      get  return regId              set                              regId  value                 OnPropertyChangednew PropertyChangedEventArgsRegId                                region INotifyPropertyChanged Members          public event PropertyChangedEventHandler PropertyChanged          private void OnPropertyChangedPropertyChangedEventArgs propertyChangedEventArgs                      if PropertyChanged  null                 PropertyChangedthis, propertyChangedEventArgs             MessageBox.ShowHere                   endregion        codepre
Negative 63 pI might be overcomplicating things, but heres relationship Im trying to write in Eloquent Laravel 5p  pI have a list of products and price lists. Each product can have many price lists. This is easy to do, but heres another thing  for every product lt price list assignment I can have many prices based on quantity, so its likep  precodeproductID 1010 priceListId 1  min quantity 1 gt price 10.00 min quantity 5 gt price 9.50 min quantity 10 gt price 9.00  productID 1010 priceListId 2  min quantity 1 gt price 15.00 min quantity 40 gt price 14.00 min quantity 90 gt price 12.00 codepre  pI think I know how to create custom pivot table although I dont know how to use it. I followed a hrefhttpsgithub.comlaravelframeworkissues2093issuecomment39154456 relnofollowthis linka now Im not sure if my code is correct and how to use it.p  pAt the moment I havep  pProduct modelp  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeclass Product extends Model       public function pricelists              return thisgtbelongsToManyPriceList           public function newPivotModel parent, array attributes, table, exists              if parent instanceof PriceList                      return new ProductPricePivotparent, attributes, table, exists                   return parentnewPivotparent, attributes, table, exists        codepre  pPriceList modelp  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeclass PriceList extends Model       public function products              return thisgtbelongsToManyProduct           public function newPivotModel parent, array attributes, table, exists              if parent instanceof Product                      return new ProductPricePivotparent, attributes, table, exists                   return parentnewPivotparent, attributes, table, exists       codepre  pPivotp  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeclass ProductPricePivot extends Pivot       public function product              return thisgtbelongsToProduct           public function pricelist              return thisgtbelongsToPriceList           public function prices              return thisgthasManyProductPrice        codepre  pNow ProductPrice extends Model again and is just a standard model without any additional methods.p  pIs this correct If so, then following example from above, how can I add new quantityprice level to price list 1 on product 1010p  pAt the moment, when creating relationships, Im doingp  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeproductID  1010 priceListID  1  priceList  PriceListfindpriceListID priceListgtproductsgtattachproductID  productToPriceList  priceListgtproductsgtfindproductID codepre  pAnd Im lost here... I find this relationship, but how can I now attach next quantity lt price level to itp  pCan someone please give an example of how to use such relationship or links to pages where I can find something more about it And yes, I check Laravel documentation, and yes, I googled it as well.p  pThank youp
Negative 63 pI have the following JS objectp  precodevar obj   jjack,   ffranck,   aamy,  codepre  pNow I can write codeobj[val]code , where codevalcode is in codej,f,acode to access the value of that key. I would like to know if they is a datastructure in ES6 that would allow me to get the key from the value eg write codeobj.inverted[jack]code to get codejcode.p  pI know I can do it by using codeunderscorecode or a simple function, but I would like to know if they is some datastructure in ES6 that would give me this emfeatureem out of the box.p
Negative 63 pIm using Python 2.7 on mac with anaconda, and Im trying to set up a virtualenv with virtualenvwrapper.  I have downloaded virtualenvwrapper via codesudo pip install virtualenvwrappercode but there is no codevirtualenvwrapper.shcode in codeusrlocalbincode .p  pI cant figure out what Im missingp
Negative 63 pThis was asked to me in an interview. I didnt know the proper recurrence for it at that time. The question was, if I am given the length of the expression, then how many proper bracket expressions can be made of that length and what will they bep  pA proper bracket expression is for example,p  precode[[]][[[]][]]  [[[][]]][][[]] codepre  pThe following is not a proper bracket expression,p  precode[[[][]]][]][[]] codepre  pThat is, there is a closing bracket for each opening bracket.  I am not looking for the implementation, but just the algorithm or how should I approach it p  pThanksp
Negative 63 precodelibraryreshape libraryggplot2 df lt data.framex  rnorm1000, 0, 1, y  rnorm1000,0, 2, z  rnorm1000, 2, 1.5 df.m lt meltdf  ggplotdf.m      geomdensityaesxvalue, y..density..      geomvlinexintercept1, linetypedotted codepre  pPossible to make the left of vertical line in one color and right side another colorp
Negative 63 pI am passing three coderootScopecode from process controller to Rating controller so based on the coderootScopecode status i am enabling and disabling buttons. Edit and view is working good but on coderootScope  NewPrtcode, Once user answered all question i want to enable submit button on codeNewPrtcode. p  pSo far i tried below code..p  pHTMLp  precodeltbutton typesubmit classbtn btndefault ngdisableddisabledDraft  ngclicksavePRTDraft ngshowshowSaveDraftBtngtSave         as Draftltbuttongt     ltbutton typesubmit classbtn btnprimary         ngdisableddisableSubmitButton ngclicksubmitClickedgtSubmitltbuttongt codepre  pProcessCtrl.jsp  precodescope.gotoQstnPage  functionisNew          var qrtUrl  createRtgQstnAirscope.processDTO.processKey  isNew         rootScope.status  NewPrt         location.pathqrtUrl       scope.editProcessRating  functionprcsSessionKey              var prtUrl  getProcessRatingprcsSessionKey             rootScope.status  edit             location.pathprtUrl                    scope.viewProcessRating  functionprcsSessionKey            var prtUrl  getProcessRatingprcsSessionKey           rootScope.status  view           location.pathprtUrl          codepre  pRatingCtrl.jsp  precodeifj gt scope.questionnaire.length               ifrootScope.status edit                  scope.disableSubmitButton  false                 scope.disabledDraft  false                 scope.showBusDecDropDown  true                  scope.disabledDraft  function         ifrootScope.status  view            return true                  else            return false                       if rootScope.status  NewPrt           scope.disabledDraft  false        codepre
Negative 63 pTrying to convert a given time from one timezone to another based on a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5178248perlsdatemaniphowtoconvertagivendateintoanothertimezonethisa. But the output is erroneous. tried different values but no luck. any help on whats missingp  precodeuse DateManipDM6 use DateTimeFormatDateManip  my date2  20150324 060000 date1  DateTimeFormatDateManipgtparsedatetime date2  my newdate UnixDateDateConvTZdate1 , EST, PST ,Ymd T print date is date1 and newdate is newdate codepre  blockquote   pEperl test.plp      pdate is 20150324T060000 and newdate is 20150323 120000p blockquote  pExpected result is newdate 20150324 030000p
Negative 63 pIm creating a function that will pull data from my MS SQL database using the RODBC package. I currently have the function working where it will pull the data, however I cant seem to get the original variable x to function as intended. I have T as a dummy variable to ensure the function ran.p  pBut ultimately I would like to be able to type trialCHIP TRAY or trialCHIP TRAY, and have PartNumber  CHIP TRAY , so that I may change PartNumber on the fly with the function and get the correct data returned.br Here it is right now working, but unable to change PartNumber as intended.p  precodetrial lt functionxTx ch ltlt odbcConnectComp, uid  user, pwd  passw  odbcSetAutoCommitch, FALSE  sqlTablesch, tableType  TABLE   sqlColumnsch, Completions  machines ltlt sqlQuerych, pasteSELECT WCormachine FROM Completions,  WHERE PartNumber  CHIP TRAY  working ltlt sqlQuerych, pasteSELECT partmadeperhour FROM Completions,  WHERE  PartNumber  CHIP TRAY AND endtime gt 20121231 235900 T codepre  pSo as you can see my only outcomes are the vars machines and working, which are directly taken from SQL whatever is under the column I select with my SQL query and the end result will change based on whatever I put in as the  X value to direct the query. The problem seems to be that once R looks at the sqlQuery command it just stops interpreting therefore it doesnt replace X with whatever value I give X. It simply pass my SqlQuery to the database and returns the outcome. Is there a means of fixing thisp  pHere it is as I would like it to be working, however anything I put in as X is ignored by SqlQuery once I run the function.p  precodetrial lt functionxTx ch ltlt odbcConnectComp, uid  user, pwd  passw  odbcSetAutoCommitch, FALSE  sqlTablesch, tableType  TABLE   sqlColumnsch, Completions  machines ltlt sqlQuerych, pasteSELECT WCormachine FROM Completions,  WHERE PartNumber  T  working ltlt sqlQuerych, pasteSELECT partmadeperhour FROM Completions,  WHERE  PartNumber  T AND endtime gt 20121231 235900 T codepre  pThanks for any helpp
Negative 63 pMVC 5 EF 6. Ive created an edit page using Scaffolding. Saving works fine until I want to restrict the editing of certain properties.p  pI didnt just usep  precodeHtml.HiddenFormodel gt model.Property codepre  pas I wanted the fields to still be visible in the UI. and I didnt want to make it uneditable in the view as its not really MVC  I wanted to control the editing of the Property from the Model this is a field that should NEVER be changed but isnt the primary key.p  pIve implemented the solution from here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8761647howtocreatereadonlytextboxinaspnetmvc3razor1170264311702643How to create readonly textbox in ASP.NET MVC3 Razora and it works perfectly. I can use the annotationp  precode[ReadOnlytrue] codepre  pon my Properties in the model and know that which ever view the property is displayed, it wont be editable.p  pI thought I had the perfect solution, until I clicked save and get the error p  blockquote   pStore update, insert, or delete statement affected an unexpected number of rows 0. Entities may have been modified or deleted since entities were loaded. Refresh ObjectStateManager entries.p blockquote  pUsing SQL profiler I have found that using the annotation [ReadOnlytrue] means that NULL will be sent to the database for saving.p  pDoes anyone know why this happens, and is there anything I can do that will allow me to carry on in the way I think is a good solution for displaying data I dont want edited and controlling this in the Model.p  pAny other suggestions of achieving the same are welcome  or reasons why my whole design is flawed.p
Negative 63 pWhen using the API I am getting 403 errors on the AS15. The call is listed when I request supportedApiList.p  precodeAvailable Api List id 1, result [[getMethodTypes, getAvailableApiList, setShootMode, getShootMode, getSupportedShootMode, getAvailableShootMode, setSteadyMode, getSteadyMode, getSupportedSteadyMode, getAvailableSteadyMode, setViewAngle, getViewAngle, getSupportedViewAngle, getAvailableViewAngle, setMovieQuality, getMovieQuality, getSupportedMovieQuality, getAvailableMovieQuality, startLiveview, stopLiveview, startMovieRec, stopMovieRec, startIntervalStillRec, stopIntervalStillRec, setCameraFunction, getCameraFunction, getSupportedCameraFunction, getAvailableCameraFunction, getStorageInformation, getApplicationInfo, getVersions, getEvent]] codepre  pBut then 403s when I actually call it...p  precodeSupported Movie Quality [ERROR] camera doesnt workHTTP Error 403 Forbidden codepre  pThere some discussion here a hrefhttpsgithub.comBloodevilsonycameraapiissues9 relnofollowHDRAS15 Supported Movie Quality [ERROR] camera doesnt work 9ap  pAnyone have a suggestion how we can validate the API List which the camera gives is, so that we arent getting errorsp
Negative 63 pIm trying to find if theres a convenient equivalent to mapslices function from the Julia language to Python. Heres the line Im trying to convertp  precodelinecenter  float64mapslicesxgtsumx.4.[1lengthx].sumx.4,nobackground,1[] codepre
Negative 63 pI wrote a JApplet program in Java.p  pNow when I Run the program it tells me that the class wasnt found in project.p  pHere is the code I wrotep  precodepackage assignment1q6.pkg1  import javax.swing.JApplet import java.awt.Graphics public class Assignment1Q61 extends JApplet       public void paintGraphics canvas               canvas.drawArc150, 160, 100, 100, 270, 180         canvas.drawOval250, 175, 70, 70         canvas.drawArc235, 75, 100, 100, 180, 180         canvas.drawArc320, 160, 100, 100, 90, 180         canvas.drawArc235, 245, 100, 100, 0, 180         canvas.fillOval265, 190, 40, 40       codepre  pI added more code. Still when I run it, it says the same thing.p
Negative 63 pI have two tables in my DB. Table codeOthercode Has codeRMAnocode as codeNumbercode amp table codeMaterialRequireMastercode Has codeRMANocode as codeTEXTcode.p  pI want to perform a query that can output tuples that have matching codeRMANocodep  pSo far I have done this.p  precodeString sqlSelect RMAMaster.RMANo,CallDate,Source,Itemname,                    BookingDesc,Customername,Customercontact,                    AssignedTo,PartNo,PartName,PartQuantity,                    PartPrice,Total              From RMAMaster,MaterialRequireMaster              WHERE RMAMaster.RMANoMaterialRequireMaster.RMANo AND                   RMAMaster.MaterialRequireStatusmaterialStatus              UNION              Select Other.RMANo,CallDate,Source,Itemname,                    BookingDesc,Customername,Customercontact,                    AssignedTo,PartNo,PartName,PartQuantity,                    PartPrice,Total              From Other,MaterialRequireMaster              WHERE String.valueOfOther.RMANo MaterialRequireMaster.RMANo AND                   Other.MaterialRequireStatusmaterialStatus  PreparedStatement pstcon.prepareStatementsql ResultSet rspst.executeQuery     table.setModelDbUtils.resultSetToTableModelrs           rs.close pst.close codepre  pAnd my StackTrace is p  precodeException [Microsoft][ODBC Microsoft Access Driver] Undefined function String.valueOf in expression. codepre  pAlso When I dont use codeString.valueOfcodep  precodeString sqlSelect RMAMaster.RMANo,CallDate,Source,Itemname,BookingDesc,Customername,Customercontact,AssignedTo,PartNo,PartName,PartQuantity,PartPrice,Total From RMAMaster,MaterialRequireMaster WHERE RMAMaster.RMANoMaterialRequireMaster.RMANo AND RMAMaster.MaterialRequireStatusmaterialStatus UNION Select Other.RMANo,CallDate,Source,Itemname,BookingDesc,Customername,Customercontact,AssignedTo,PartNo,PartName,PartQuantity,PartPrice,Total From Other,MaterialRequireMaster WHERE Other.RMANo MaterialRequireMaster.RMANo AND Other.MaterialRequireStatusmaterialStatus codepre  pFollowing codeExceptioncode occursp  precodeException [Microsoft][ODBC Microsoft Access Driver] Type mismatch in expression. codepre
Negative 63 pWhen I run my simple Java browser, I try and visit a webpage such as a hrefhttpgoogle.com relnofollowhttpgoogle.coma and it returns the NullPointerException error from my try catch code, how would I fix thisp  pFrame Classp  precodepublic class Frame extends JFrame   public EditorPane pane public URLBar urlbar  public static void mainString[] args throws Exception       Frame frame  new Frame    public Frame throws Exception      superJava Browser v1.0      JPanel mainPanel  new JPanelnew BorderLayout     URLBar addressBar  new URLBarEnter URL here, pane     EditorPane contentDisplay  new EditorPaneurlbar      mainPanel.addcontentDisplay, BorderLayout.CENTER     mainPanel.addaddressBar, BorderLayout.NORTH      addmainPanel     setDefaultCloseOperationEXITONCLOSE     setSize700, 400     addnew JScrollPanemainPanel     setVisibletrue    codepre  pURLBar Classp  precodepublic class URLBar extends JTextField   public EditorPane pane  public URLBarString text, EditorPane pane       supertext       addActionListenernew ActionListener              public void actionPerformedActionEvent event                  loadContentevent.getActionCommand                               public void loadContentString userInput      try              pane.setPageuserInput         setTextuserInput          catch Exception e              System.out.printlnA wild exception appeared Type   e         codepre  pEditorPane Classp  precodepublic class EditorPane extends JEditorPane   public URLBar urlbar  public EditorPaneURLBar urlbar       setEditablefalse     setVisibletrue     addHyperlinkListener             new HyperlinkListener                  public void hyperlinkUpdateHyperlinkEvent event                          ifevent.getEventTypeHyperlinkEvent.EventType.ACTIVATED                          urlbar.loadContentevent.getURL.toString                                                             codepre
Negative 63 pWhen I cogo a color getImageData  x, y, 1 , 1 .data in the pc gives me a rgb, but when I do it on the phone I have different values, eg p  ppc 255 255 255 Mobile  255 254 255p  pPc 255 0 0 mobile 255 2 0p  pUse colors to make certain decisionsp
Negative 63 pDoes anybody know the method for the connection between ObjectiveC with an external database Mysql without a web service Ive worked with ObjectiveC and Mysql database with Json but the last week a partner worked with Mysql and now my php files cant do the connection with the database. Ive looked for tutorials but I only found forums that told Web service is the best way to work with this two tools. Please, Can anybody help mep
Negative 63 pI am trying to add a new select every time a button is clicked,p  pThe html p  precode ltdiv ngrepeat  select in selects track by indexgt   ltuiselect ngmodelselects[index] themeselect2 ngdisableddisabled styleminwidth 300pxgt     ltuiselectmatch placeholderSelect a person in the list or search his nameage...gtselect.selected.nameltuiselectmatchgt     ltuiselectchoices repeatperson in peoplegt       ltdiv ngbindhtmlperson.name  highlight select.searchgtltdivgt     ltuiselectchoicesgt   ltuiselectgt  ltdivgt  ltbutton ngclickaddNewSelectgt Add new selectltbuttongt codepre  pThe controller p  precode  scope.selects  []   scope.addNewSelect  function      scope.selects.push    codepre  pThe array of objects gets saved in the array selects, but the placeholder is not coming in the selects as I am initializing the ngmodel with an empty object initially. How to get he placeholder working in this case p  pHere is the  a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditrtPUe3HwA4F3aNnltBPcppreview relnofollowPlunkera for the same.p
Negative 63 pI need to make increment in areacontrols boostrap taf with my list count. My code as underp  precodeltthblock theachstateTitles, statesStatus statesgt     lta datatogglecollapse idstateCollapsed classcollapsed dataparentaccordion thhrefcollapse  statesStatus.index  1          ariaexpandedtrue ariacontrolscollapse  statesStatus.index  1gt         ltspan idstate thtextstateTitles gt          ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconmenudowngtltspangt         ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconmenuupgtltspangt     ltagt ltthblockgt codepre  pIncrement is not working for areacontrols tag. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pa hrefhttpbeta.apogeerockets.comindex.phpmainpageproductrocketinfoampcPath12ampproductsid6 relnofollowBeta Siteap  pIve got a bootstrap site template that Im using for a dynamic redesign of my works website, and am trying to initialize the filter function on Motties Tablesorter fork 2.21.4, and jquery 1.11.1.p  pIve got the filter to show, its responding to selectfalseetc filters I give the headers, and I can input text or select a dropdown, but its not actually filtering anything. Sort works fine. Im still a jquery noob, so Im wondering if theres a conflict somewhere.p  pWe have an older version 2.10.8 working just fine on our a hrefhttpswww.apogeerockets.comRocketKitsSkillLevel1KitsApprenticeRocketKit relnofollowcurrent sitea using a dynamically generated table.  On the beta, the dynamic table wasnt sorting, so I copied the code directly from Mottie and it is still not working.  p
Negative 63 pI have an uniform in the emformem ofp  precodeuniform float abc codepre  pand I get it in Haskell code asp  precodeabc lt GL.get GL.uniformLocation program abc codepre  pHow can I pass a codeGLfloatcode value to itp  pI see from a hrefhttphackage.haskell.orgpackageOpenGL2.12.0.0docssrcGraphicsRenderingOpenGLGLShadersUniform.htmlUniformComponent relnofollowherea that I should probably be using codeuniform1code, but that function is not exported by the module. p  pEvery other instancep  precodeinstance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Vertex2 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Vertex3 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Vertex4 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform TexCoord1 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform TexCoord2 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform TexCoord3 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform TexCoord4 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Normal3 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform FogCoord1 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Color3 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Color4 a instance UniformComponent a gt Uniform Index1 a codepre  pdoes not seem to cover this simple case.p  pWhat can I dop
Negative 63 pI want to use a service that provides CI for Windows PhoneStoreUniversalUAP apps. For this Im considering Codeship as they provide a free plan to get me started. However, they dont support such types of apps yet. Asking their support they asked me whether Mono as compiler would be enough. p  pIs Mono enough to create a XAPAPPX package Maybe I can compile the code and afterwards package the XAPAPPX p  pMy assumption is that Mono isnt enough to create those packages. If thats right, whats missing therep
Negative 63 pIn order to get a product collection with ordered qty for last 30 days this code will workp  precodeprotected function prepareCollection              collection  MagegetResourceModelreportsproductcollection         gtaddOrderedQtydateYmd,time60602430, dateYmd,time         gtaddAttributeToSelectarrayentityid,name,price,cost         gtjoinFieldqty,                              cataloginventorystockitem,                              qty,                              productidentityid,                              table.stockid1,                              left                                        thisgtsetCollectioncollection          return parentprepareCollection  codepre  pIf using only codegtaddOrderedQtycode the result will be for life time sales.p  pBut how to get data for life time AND last 30 days in same collectionp
Negative 63 pI am very new in RESTful application and I have some doubts related to some REST concept.p  pI know that the fundamental concept in any RESTful API is the strongresourcestrong. A resource is an object with a type, associated data, relationships to other resources, and a set of methods that operate on it the HTTP methods GET, POST, PUT and DELETEp  pSo my first doubt is related to the resource concept. I am trying to do myself some example and I dont know if I have correctly understand what a resource is.p  pIn my mind a resource is what I have to transmit with my REST web sercice. So for example if I have a REST web service that given a VAT number come backs the invoices related to this VAT number. So these returned invoices objects are my resources.p  pSo a resource is something that I can working on I can obtain an existing reourcem add a new resource, update an existing resource or delete an existing resource.p  pIs it correct or am I missing somethingp  pIf it correct the second doubt is on the strongrepresentationstrong concept.p  pFrom what I have understand I can see a resource in serveral differents shapes or a resource can be exposed in several different ways, for example as HTML or as XML or as JSON and so on.p  pSo the same resource can be exposed in different ways and exist a mecchanism that convert a resource that can be a row stored into a database table into an HTML message or into an XML message or into a JSON message.p  pIs this interpratation correctp
Negative 63 pI have a python server serving response through JSONRPC. Here is a sample response from the server.p  precodejsonrpc 2.0, result Peer 1 local 10.10.0.2  remote 10.10.0.1  state CONNECTnPeer 2 local 10.10.0.18  remote 10.10.0.17  state ESTABLISHEDnPeer 3 local 10.10.0.10  remote 10.10.0.9  state ESTABLISHED, id 839732f9cf3646ff8b9b6120250d9ce5 codepre  pHere is the request I need to send to the server       p  precodemethodecho,jsonrpc2.0,params[testparams],id839732f9cf3646ff8b9b6120250d9ce5 codepre  pHere is my client with go languagep  precodepackage main  import      fmt     log     net     netrpcjsonrpc  type Args struct      jsonrpc, id string   func main      conn, err  net.Dialtcp, 11.21.22.2218080     if err  nil          panicerr          defer conn.Close      args  Args2.0, d87198f0af9249f89a7dab8bed5c4d17     var reply string      c  jsonrpc.NewClientconn      err  c.Callecho, args, ampreply     if err  nil          log.Fatalerror, err          fmt.PrintfResponse d, reply  codepre  pBut, when I run this client, it is not sending anything in the params. Instead it is sending empty params like thisp  precodemethodecho,params[],id0n codepre  pCan somebody help me telling what mistake I am making I am a newbie to go language.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pI have an ASP.NET MVC 3 webapplication with postbuild build events that copies some interop dlls into subfolders of bin as followsp  precodebinx86Sqlite.interop.dll  binx64Sqlite.interpo.dll codepre  pWhen I deploy this project onto the webserver, it does not copy the x86 or x64 subfolders.p  pHow can I make the deployment copy those two subfoldersp  pIve tried including the files in the project with copy to output folder setting, but this does not copy to a subfolder, only to bin. I need to publish both subfolders all the time.p
Negative 63 pIve a mysql table where I store daily prices for a rental system. Table has id, propertyid, date and pricep  precodeid 1  propertyid 1  date 20150501  price 300 id 2  propertyid 1  date 20150502  price 300 id 3  propertyid 1  date 20150503  price 300 id 4  propertyid 1  date 20150504  price 300 id 5  propertyid 1  date 20150505  price 500 id 6  propertyid 1  date 20150506  price 500 id 7  propertyid 1  date 20150507  price 700 id 6  propertyid 1  date 20150508  price 900 id 7  propertyid 1  date 20150509  price 900 codepre  pI get the results withp  precode SELECT  from price WHERE propertyid  1 ORDER BY date ASC codepre  pQuestion is, I need to group prices with start date and end date for same dates but I dont how where and how to start. Result should be likep  precodestartdate  20150501 enddate  20150505 price  300 startdate  20150505 enddate  20150507 price  500 startdate  20150507 enddate  20150508 price  700 startdate  20150508 enddate  20150510 price  900 codepre  pWith this I can get all the prices for 1 year, but if the prices are same in an array of dates I can group them. I get all the values in foreach but dont know how to group them.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm using pthreads to pass multiple parameters to a function by way of a struct.  Im attempting to convert the struct I pass in using a conversion from void  to struct threadargs .  This is giving me an error.  Can someone please explain how to manage this in C.p  pHere is my codep  precode  struct threadargs      int customernum     int resvector[NUMBEROFRESOURCES]   typedef struct threadargs theArgs  int requestresourcesint customernum, int request[] int releaseresourcesint customernum, int release[] void reqconverter void  x  void relconverter void  x   void reqconverter void  x       theArgs  args  dynamiccastlttheArgs gtx struct argstruct  x     requestresources x.customernum, x.resvector  codepre  pThe error message Im getting isp  precodeerror cannot dynamiccast x of type void to type theArgs aka struct threadargs source is not a pointer to class codepre  pCan someone please explain the best way to pass a struct using pthreads to a function that will use the struct parameters to call a second function with multiple parameters in Cp
Negative 63 precodepublic FiveCardStud int numberOfPlayers      ifnumberOfPlayers lt 2                numberOfPlayers  2          System.out.printlnThe number of players must be 2 or more. The number of players has been set to 2.            ifnumberOfPlayers gt 6                 numberOfPlayers  6          System.out.printlnThe number of players must be 6 or more. The number of players has been set to 6.           players  new ArrayListltHandgt     myDeck  new Deck     forint index  0 index lt 5 index              players.addnew Hand       codepre  pThis top half is just here for context more than anything else.p  precode   Deal the cards.    Write a method called deal. The method should print out a message to let the user know that the cards have been dealt. It should remove any old cards from all players hands from previous games Hint there is a fold method in the Hand class. It should then shuffle the deck and add 5 cards to each players hand.    public void deal      forint index  0 index lt 5 index              forint j  0 j lt players.size j                       players.getindex.addCard                codepre  pThis is the first half of my code, however I cant make my addCard work. This is a method found within a class.handp
Negative 63 pI set the port as 3000 in my application.yml figaro managing env variables coderails scode uses port 3000 but when I run codeforeman startcode as recommended by Heroku I get the following outputp  precode145323 web.1   started with pid 24425 145323 web.1   [24425] Puma starting in cluster mode... 145323 web.1   [24425]  Version 2.11.1 ruby 2.2.0p0, codename Intrepid Squirrel 145323 web.1   [24425]  Min threads 5, max threads 5 145323 web.1   [24425]  Environment development 145323 web.1   [24425]  Process workers 2 145323 web.1   [24425]  Preloading application 145324 web.1   WARNING Skipping key PORT. Already set in ENV. 145325 web.1   [24425]  Listening on tcp0.0.0.05000 145325 web.1   [24425] Use CtrlC to stop 145325 web.1   [24425]  Worker 0 pid 24426 booted, phase 0 145325 web.1   [24425]  Worker 1 pid 24427 booted, phase 0 codepre  pProcfilep  precodeweb bundle exec puma C configpuma.rb codepre  pconfigpuma.rbp  precodeworkers IntegerENV[WEBCONCURRENCY]  2 threadscount  IntegerENV[MAXTHREADS]  5 threads threadscount, threadscount  preloadapp  rackup      DefaultRackup port        ENV[PORT]      3000 environment ENV[RACKENV]  development  onworkerboot do   ActiveRecordBase.establishconnection end codepre  pconfigapplication.ymlp  precodePORT 3000 codepre  ul liRails 4.2.0li liForeman 0.78.0li liRuby 2.2.0p0li liPuma 2.11.1li ul
Negative 63 pI have written a class in cython and I have a method that would check if there is no attribute to a class object or not. It would either read this object from a file in the case the file exists or it calculates the valuse which is an array or a memoryview and saves the results in a file. the following is partial part of my codep  precodefrom future import division import numpy as np cimport numpy as np cimport cython from libc.stdio cimport FILE, fopen, fwrite, fscanf, fclose, stdout, stderr  cdef extern from math.h     double expdouble nogil     double logdouble nogil  cdef class NFWobject     cdef object ks, sourceredshift     cdef const char path     def cinitself, char path, double[1] zsNone, args         self.pathpath         if self.pathNULL            raise ValueErrorCould not find a path to the file which contains the table of  diameter distances         if zs is None            raise ValueErrorYou must give an array          self.sourceredshiftzs      cython.cdivisionTrue         cython.boundscheckFalse     cython.wraparoundFalse     cdef void getksself          cdef FILE handle          cdef Pyssizet i, nz          nz   lenself.sourceredshift          cdef double array[nz]           if not hasattrself, ks   does self.ks not exist             try                 first, check for existing file, see if we can load in self.ks                handle  fopenself.path, r                if handle  NULL                   raise ValueErrorcannot open file .formatself.path                 for i from nz gt i gt 0                    fscanfhandle,f,amparray[i]                fclosehandle                self.ks amparray             except IOError                 self.ks  self.calculateks       cython.cdivisionTrue         cython.boundscheckFalse     cython.wraparoundFalse     cdef double[1] calculateksself          cdef Pyssizet i, nz          nz   lenself.sourceredshift          cdef double[1] ks  np.zerosnz,dtypenp.float64t           for i from nz gt i gt 0                       ks[i] log1.self.sourceredshift[i]1.self.sourceredshift[i]          write the calculated ks in a file          cdef FILE handleltFILE gtfopenself.path,wb          fwriteks,sizeofks,1,handle          fclosehandle          return ks codepre  pI am not very familiar with c and I am a cython beginner. I have gotten the following error messages and I dont know how is the best way to read a file in cython in a pointer array and convert it into an instance of a class. I should stress I am looking for the fastest way to carry out a file reading in cython. p  precodeError compiling Cython file  ...     cython.wraparoundFalse     cdef void getksself          cdef FILE handle          cdef Pyssizet i, nz          nz   lenself.sourceredshift          cdef double array[nz]                                  WLUtilities.pyx41330 Not allowed in a constant expression  Error compiling Cython file  ...                   raise ValueErrorcannot open file .formatself.path                 for i from nz gt i gt 0                    fscanfhandle,f,amparray[i]                fclosehandle                self.ks amparray                           WLUtilities.pyx42424 Cannot convert double [pyxvnz] to Python object  Error compiling Cython file  ...          ks  np.zerosnz,dtypenp.float64t          for i from nz gt i gt 0                       ks[i] self.ksself.sourceredshift[i]          write the calculated ks in a file          cdef FILE handleltFILE gtfopenself.path,wb          fwriteks,sizeofks,1,handle                       WLUtilities.pyx44019 Cannot convert Python object to const void  codepre
Negative 63 pMy regex cant find a match for the pattern im searching for in a textfile. Here is my codep  precodemyfile  sMails.txt  timestr, emailid  urls  re.searchrhttps[daz.].[az.]2,6[w .], myfile IPs  re.searchr25[05]2[04][09][01][09][09].325[05]2[04][09][01][09][09], myfile printurls.group printIPs.group codepre  pthis returns Nonep  pCan anyone tell me whats wrong with the expression p
Negative 63 pUsing codeduitests to automate a screen which is using wijmo grid with scroll.brbr The problem is not able to record all the cells, as the cells which appear after scroll does not render in DOM, this is evident from Inspect element feature of browser.p  pHow can I catch the cellsp  pEdited The issue here is that only the cells which are visible is getting rendered in dom as we can see, while the part of the grid which is on right i.e. which will appear after scrolling is not getting rendered.p  ul liThe red line shows only the visible cells are rendered not the ones which are towards right of the grid.li liThe yellow highlighted div shows the start of new row which should not be in the actual case until all the cells of above row are not rendered.li ul  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com6j4DP.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI have a lot of figures and elements drawn in the a HTML canvas. All of them have different colors, strokes, etc. I really dont like that all these values are wandering in my JS code as some styles are in the CSS and some are in the code.p  pDoes somebody know a good way to define the styles in CSS and read the styles when actually rendering the objectsp  pHere is some example of what I need to dop  precodecontext.beginPath context.arccenterX, centerY, radius, 0, 2  Math.PI, false context.fillStyle  green  Id like to set with CSS context.fill context.lineWidth  5  Id like to set with CSS context.strokeStyle  003300  Id like to set with CSS context.stroke codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netnedyalkovysgLqqh31 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netnedyalkovysgLqqh31ap
Negative 63 pIm trying to create a codeltdivgtcode that displays 9 columns in the browser with proper width and height horizontally, but currently the codeltdivgtcodes are shown correctly and properly aligned, but not centered.p  pThis is my code p  precodeltdiv classrowgt     ampnbsp     ltdiv classcollgoffset2 collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 10pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 10pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 11pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 10pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 13pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 12pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 13pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 16pxgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv class collg1 colmd6 colxs6 colsm4 stylemargintop 16pxgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pCould anyone help mep
Negative 63 pI need to know how to optimize images in svg.p  pWhich is faster in drawing svg 1 Embed the image in the svg file as base64 string. 2 Or add the images as Url.p
Negative 63 pI did a SELECT query on MySQL and get this as result.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLcFvU.png altenter image description herep  pThe problem is how can I remove the 2nd duplicated results at for instance we use the 1st item in the list. 01 is a duplicate for id1 I would rather use id instead of 0 as the key later on the the app. How could I remove this to simplify the results. I do notice that the 0 means the 1st column as the successive columns does add up by 1. p  pHeres the query I run.p  precodeSELECT id FROM clubsinformation WHERE comparisonTime lt updateTime codepre
Negative 63 pIm creating a Cython module that wraps a C library. This library depends on other, external libraries. One of the external libraries is Boost. p  pThe C library works on Windows, Linux and OS X, so the Python wrapper should work on these platforms as well. p  pUnfortunately, on each platform different Boost related libraries should be specified. On Windows, no Boost libraries should be specified, everything is done automatically. On Linux I should reference libraries such as codeboostlogsetupmtcode, and on OS X codeboostlogsetupcode.p  pIs there a standard way of providing OS specific settings for a distutil setup script I can do it in straight Python code before calling codesetupcode, but I was hoping theres something more standard.p
Negative 63 pHello I have three problems with my codep  ol liwhen I type in N for my first question, it goes into an error.li liI get in an infinite loop after the Run again input.li limy counters do not add up properly so even when I get an answer right or wrong, it doesnt count them.li ol  pPlease help me.p  pBelow is my codep  precode    Introductionish print statement printIn this application, we will be playing a coin coss game.  For as        many times as you like, we will continue playing the game.   def function1 responsestrinputnWould you like to run this application  Type Y to run                 or N to not run  if responseN     printnOutcome of Game     printYou did not run the application.             Nothing happened.  You did not play the game.   Counters programCounter0 hCounter0 tCounter0 guessCountR0 guessCountW0  User Input  if responseY      funcGuessstrinputnPick one Type H for Heads or T for Tails   Coins  import random  numberrandom.randint1,2  while response N and funcGuessH or funcGuessT     numberrandom.randint1,2     if number1         numberHeads         hCounter1     else             numberTails             tCounter1     if funcGuessnumber         guessCountR1     else         guessCountW1      printnumber     responsestrinputRun again     if responseY         funcGuessstrinputnPick one Type H for Heads or T for Tails  if responseN     printnOutcome of Game     printYou guessed ,programCounter, times.     printYou guessed heads,hCounter, times.     printYou guessed tails,tCounter, times.     printYou guessed correctly,guessCountR, times.     printYou guessed incorrectly,guessCountW, times.  Guess Count guessCountguessCountRguessCountW   paste   if response Y     function1  else     printnOutcome of Game     printYou did not run the application.             Nothing happened.  You did not play the game. codepre  pI dont mind all the comments.  I purposely left them there but if anyone helping finds them useful, please let me know. p  pApologies in advanced for the long post. p
Negative 63 pIm still fairly new to inheritance and polymorphism, so forgive me. Im writing a group of derived classes using Scite editor in Linux, and am receiving a compile error stating that my value constructor implementation doesnt match the prototype in the header file. p  pstrongpowerseller.cpp91 error prototype for u2018PowerSellerPowerSellerstdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstring, stdstringu2019 does not match any in class u2018PowerSelleru2019 powerseller.h153 error candidates are PowerSellerPowerSellerconst PowerSelleramp powerseller.h133 error                 PowerSellerPowerSellerstdstring, stdstring powerseller.cpp71 error                 PowerSellerPowerSellerstrongp  pHeres my header file. The value constructor is the one throwing the error.p  precodeinclude seller.h ifndef POWERSELLERH define POWERSELLERH  using namespace std  class PowerSeller  public Seller  public     constructors  amp destructors     PowerSeller      PowerSellerstring fName, string lName, string id, string email, string loc, string date, string numOfStars, string numOfItems, string webAddress, string yearItems      PowerSellerconst PowerSelleramp other      PowerSeller      member functions      void setWebsitestring webAddress      void setYearItemsstring yearItems      virtual void print      virtual void read      overloaded operators      bool operator const PowerSelleramp rhs      PowerSeller amp operator const PowerSelleramp rhs      overloaded ostream      friend ostream amp operator ltltostreamamp os, const PowerSelleramp rhs  protected     string website, items  endif codepre  pHeres the implementationp  precodeinclude powerseller.h include ltiostreamgt  using namespace std   PowerSellerPowerSeller  PowerSellerPowerSellerstring fName, string lName, string id, string email, string loc, string date, string numOfStars, string numOfItems, string webAddress, string yearItems SellerfName, lName, id, email, loc, date, numOfStars, numOfItems     website  webAddress     items  yearItems   PowerSellerPowerSellerconst PowerSelleramp otherSellerother     website other.website     items  other.items   PowerSellerPowerSeller     website         items      codepre  pMy ultimate question is Why is the compiler still showing that PowerSellers value constructor only accepts two string arguments when Ive altered it in the file to match the implementationp
Negative 63 pIm in a position to solve a bug with MySQL Galera cluster and a importer PHP with Zend framework script using MySQLs INFILE function to import originally 5 million records. Since today there is a bug which notifies that this import doesnt work anymore due to MySQL general inputoutput error. Sysadmins investigated that the MySQL Galera environment only can stand 5 million manipulation requests per transaction which INFILE exceeds. The script currently imports currently 6 million records.p  pThe script is very huge and complex. There is no simple solution to modify the code to have this import using the classical read line and insert job. The only thing I might able to do is changing the INFILE command for all of the importers. Which brings me to my questionp  pIs there a way to tell MySQLs INFILE to do just 5 million a timep  pUnfortunately none of the initial developers or designers are available and wont be in the feature.p
Negative 63 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5kmRe.png altthis is What I want, shadow is gradientp  pI want a shadow which must have a GRADIENT shadow as shown in image, zoom image to see actual gradient effectimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQq0eA.png altenter image description herep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQq0eA.png altenter image description herep  p2nd image is about show effect in zoomp
Negative 63 pI have a method to reset some controls on my form.  Im able to get the method to work except for the codeToolStripStatusLabelcode named tsStatusLabelInfo.  This control is not passed to the coderesetFormcode method.  p  pI believe that it is part of the StatusStrip control but I havent figure out how to get access to the codeToolStripStatusLabelcode control to update the text.p  precodeprivate void resetButtonClickobject sender, EventArgs e      Utilities.resetFormthis   public static void resetFormControl form      foreachControl c in GetOffSpringsform              if c.Name  folderTextBox                      TextBoxc.Clear                  else if c.Name  mfrListTextBox                      RichTextBoxc.Clear                  else if c.Name  mfrListDataGridView                      DataGridViewc.DataSource  null                  else if c.Name  onlyRadioButton                      RadioButtonc.Checked  true                  else if c.Name  usRadioButton                      RadioButtonc.Checked  true                  else if c.Name  otherYearsCheckedListBox                      CheckedListBoxc.SetItemCheckState0, CheckState.Unchecked             CheckedListBoxc.SetItemCheckState1, CheckState.Unchecked                  else if c.Name  yearComboBox                      ComboBoxc.Text  string.Empty                  else if c.Name  tsStatusLabelInfo                      Control never pass                  else if c.Name  statusStrip1                       ExceptionObject reference not set to an instance of an object             StatusStripc.Controls[tsStatusLabelInfo].Text  string.Empty                 Loop through the control recursively getting all child controls public static IEnumerableltControlgt GetOffSpringsthis Control this      foreachControl child in this.Controls              yield return child          MessageBox.Showchild.Name          foreach var offspring in GetOffSpringschild                      yield return offspring                codepre
Negative 63 pI have DRUPAL website.I am using ckeditor but when user copy data with images from msword and paste into ckeditor then formatting not retainsmaintains like ms word and after submit preview looks not good.In ms word file, client have data with images. Suggest me which editor is good for copy and paste from ms word to editor.I want editor which retains formatting position like ms word.p
Negative 63 pI am using EC2 instance t2 Medium with Apache, MySQL and PHP. I am getting on regular basis 502Server Hangup error. Trying to find a solution from week but didnt able to resolve it. p  pI am using codempmpreforkcode with server config.p  precodeltIfModule mpmpreforkmodulegt      StartServers             15      MinSpareServers          15      MaxSpareServers          25      MaxRequestWorkers        200      MaxConnectionsPerChild   1000 ltIfModulegt codepre  pAlso not able to see 502 status code in access amp error logs.p  pAny suggestion will be very helpful.p
Negative 63 pI have set I use PHP my cookies domain to be www.example.com  but will those cookies be sent back to the static.www.example.com From what Ive read already the answer is a depressing yes.p  pThe reason is that Im trying to implement a static subdomain for CSSimages without resorting to buying an entire new domain eg www.examplestatic.comp
Negative 63 pim trying to make LU factorization on n x ngetting n from scanf matrix HEAP CORRUPTION causes when i try to make n x n matrix and put numbers in  i dont know where to fix as i am using malloc for the first time p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt   include ltstdlib.hgt  pragma warningdisable4996  void gaussmatrix  int mainvoid    int i, n  int x, y  int matrix define matrix[x][y]  int L  int U  printfnxn matrix type n.n  scanfd, ampx  y  x, n  x  matrix  int mallocsizeofint   x  int number x primary structure for i  0 iltx i      matrix[i]  int mallocsizeofint  y  build matrix[x][ysize of x] structure  L  int mallocsizeofint   x  int number x primary structure for i  0 iltx i      L[i]  int mallocsizeofint  y  build L[x][ysize of x] structure  U  int mallocsizeofint   x  int number x primary structure for i  0 iltx i      U[i]  int mallocsizeofint  y  build U[x][ysize of x] structure  printftype the number of matrix n for x  0 x lt n x     for y  0 y lt n y         printfline d  xd number  , x  1, y  1         scanflf, ampmatrix[x][y]           for i  0 iltx i      freematrix[i]  freematrixfree matrix  for i  0 iltx i      freeL[i]  freeLfree L  for i  0 iltx i      freeU[i]  freeUfree U  return 0   codepre
Negative 63 pIm currently working on a Java Program using JFrames. Im supposed to create a URLFrame in which I can input a web address and ask the program to fetch it and display it in the Frame. So far I am stuck and would like input on if Im on the right track and where to go from herep  precodeimport javax.swing. public class URLFrame extends JFrame       private JPanel panel     private JLabel messagelLabel     private JTextField enterAddress     private JButton fetchButton     private JTextArea displayPage     private JButton displayScriptCount     private JButton writePage     private JTextArea checkStatus      public URLFrame          setTitleEnter Address         setSizeWINDOWWIDTH, WINDOW HEIGHT         setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         buildPanel         addpanel         setVisibletrue       codepre
Negative 63 pI try change buildin Angular route mechanism to ui.router. So I included angular.ui.router.js to my index.html and to my modulep  precodevar app  angular.modulemultibookWeb, [ui.router] codepre  pNext I set routing in app.configp  precodeurlRouterProvider.otherwiselist     stateProvider         .statelist,              url list,             templateUrl partialslistlist.html,          codepre  pConsole dont show any errors, but routing doesnt work. I fired www.someAddress.com and I expect that my routing redirects me to www.someAddress.comlist or something like this. Unfortunately it doesnt happend. When I console inside watch value of state.current.name it return me empty string. I tried debugging by a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20745761whatistheangularuirouterlifecyclefordebuggingsilenterrors2078626220786262thisa, but console is still empty...p  pMy Angular version 1.2.28p  pMy Ui.router version 0.2.13p  pa hrefhttpplnkr.coeditEygPe7dkS88sY6LEzRYZ relnofollowHerea is plunkerp
Negative 63 pI need some help with file streaming. I have a program that will record names into a string array that will be written to a .txt file. Then if a user wants to delete a specific string from the array in the .txt file. the program will search for the string in the array in the .txt file, copy all the lines in the .txt file except the matching string. Then, paste all of the lines in a temp .txt file except the 1 matching string. Then copy and paste all of the string lines in the temp .txt file back to the original .txt file and then delete the temp file.  The issue that i am having is,  i cant figure out how to copy all of the string lines to the temp .txt file. I know that they are not getting copied because i am use a listbox for diagnostic reasons to output everything in the temp file, but nothing ever get displayed. I even F8 through the whole process and it seems like its writing, but it really isnt. I cant even start thinking about the rest of the programing until this part is solved and i need to know why it isnt writing to the temp file. Any help you provide would be really help. Thank you again.p  precode        string[] names  File.ReadAllLinesname.txt         string fullName, firstName, lastName         fullName  tbInput.Text.ToUpper         double Fullname         int space         int fullNameLength          if fullName.Contains                       This is for the Last name             space  fullName.IndexOf              fullNameLength  fullName.Length             space             lastName  fullName.Substringspace, fullNameLength  space             This is for the first name             firstName  fullName.Substring0, space             fullName  lastName  ,  firstName             If the input name is valid, then it will procceed to the next if statment             Array.Sortnames             if the fullname matches a string in the array, get the position. If no match is found then name was never recorded             int Position  Array.IndexOfnames, fullName             Since arrays start at 0, if a position is found, the position WILL be greater than 1, so run the if statment.             if Position gt 1                               Please ingnore these 2 lines, these are a work in progress for when i can move onto the next step of deletion and what not.                 FileStream name  new FileStreamname.txt, FileMode.Open, FileAccess.Write                 StreamWriter write  new StreamWritername                 I want to Open the Temps.txt file and seek the last line in the file to indicate where it need to write the next string                 while looping through the array names                  for int i  0 i lt names.Length i                                      While looping through the array, i will increase by 1 each time the loop runs, when i equals the positionor index                     skip it. For everything else, read the line of the current index in the arry and write it to the temp.txt file                      if i  Position                                              names.SkipPosition                                          else                                              FileStream sw  new FileStreamTemp.txt, FileMode.Append, FileAccess.Write                         StreamWriter write2  new StreamWritersw                         string input  names[i]                         write2.WriteLineinput                         sw.Close                                                         This part is used to loop through the temp file and output to a temp listbox to see if data is actually writing                 string[] Temp  File.ReadAllLinesTemp.txt                  for int j  0 j lt Temp.Length j                                      lbtest.Items.AddTemp[j]                   codepre  pI added many comments so everyone can get something of an understanding of my thought process.p
Negative 63 pI was just looking in the emChange Logem section at a hrefhttphaxe.orgdownloadversion3.2.0rc.2 relnofollowhttphaxe.orgdownloadversion3.2.0rc.2a and found this at the end of emNew featuresem listp  precodecpp  inititial implementation of cppia scripting codepre  pAnyone can tell me what this means I can tell that it has something to do with C, but googling this gives nothing related to programmingscripting unless you count Haxe related results.p
Negative 63 pI have created a custom Taxonomy wordpress that I call in with codeechocode. How do I only call it in only if the term has a value hide emptyp  pMy codep  precodeltdiv classstorlekengtltspan classskuwrappergt ltspan classsku itempropskugt ltphp echo getthetermlist gettheID, storlek  gt ltspangtltspangtltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have string Some text some text anylink.com www.anylink.com a hrefhttpanylink.com relnofollowhttpanylink.coma R.I.O onewww.link.comp  pI have this codep  precodepattern  [azAZ][][AZaz09].[AZaz09.amp]i replacement   name  pregreplacepattern, replacement, name codepre  pIt removes fine anylink.com, www.anylink.com, a hrefhttpanylink.com relnofollowhttpanylink.comap  pBut its also remove word R.I.O and one how I can avoid thisp  pThanks for help.p
Negative 63 pI am using HttpClient 4.4.1. When I create a codeCloseableHttpClientcode object, its thrown verifyError. How can I fix itp  pHere is the line which thrown errorp  precodeCloseableHttpClient client  HttpClients.createDefault codepre  pError messagep  precode0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641 FATAL EXCEPTION AsyncTask 1 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641  java.lang.RuntimeException An error occured while executing doInBackground 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at android.os.AsyncTask3.doneAsyncTask.java299 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.finishCompletionFutureTask.java352 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.setExceptionFutureTask.java219 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java239 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at android.os.AsyncTaskSerialExecutor1.runAsyncTask.java230 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1080 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java573 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java841 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641 Caused by java.lang.VerifyError orgapachehttpconnsslDefaultHostnameVerifier 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at org.apache.http.impl.client.HttpClientBuilder.buildHttpClientBuilder.java901 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at org.apache.http.impl.client.HttpClients.createDefaultHttpClients.java58 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at com.srl.mbill.MeterLoginLoginTask.doInBackgroundMeterLogin.java141 0506 182210.911 EAndroidRuntime9641      at com.srl.mbill.MeterLoginLoginTask.doInBackgroundMeterLogin.java1 codepre
Negative 63 pIm attempting to write a filter for use in a grid that will catch all null, undefined, blank string, or other similar values and display a dash . Ive written the following so far, but it doesnt catch null values, and Im wondering if it could be more succinct and possibly refactored to avoid three layers of nested ifelse statements. Percentage values need to be checked that theyre over 0 and under 1. Also, negative numbers and 0s should be returned as is. Thanksp  precodeangular.moduleAdverseEventsExplorer.main.filteremptyCellFilter, function filter      return function input, cellFilter, args1, args2               if cellFilter  undefined              return angular.isNumberinput  angular.isDefinedinput ampamp input.length gt 0  input            else              if cellFilter.matchpctgpercentpctgFilterincidenceig                  return input gt 0 ampamp input lt 1.0000000  filtercellFilterinput, args1, args2                else                  return angular.isNumberinput  angular.isDefinedinput ampamp input.length gt 0  input                                codepre  pVersion 2.0 taking into account tymeJVs commentp  precodeangular.moduleAdverseEventsExplorer.main.filteremptyCellFilter, function filter      return function input, cellFilter, args1, args2           if cellFilter              return angular.isNumberinput  input  input            else              if cellFilter.matchpctgpercentpctgFilterincidenceig                  return input gt 0 ampamp input lt 1.0000000  filtercellFilterinput, args1, args2                else                  return angular.isNumberinput  input  filtercellFilterinput, args1, args2                                codepre
Negative 63 pI want to make a codeListcode which can hold two kind of codeObjectcode. What comes in my mind is to use wildcard. Below is my code.p  precodepublic class Parent    code     public class ChildOne extends Parent    code   public class ChildTwo extends Parent    code   public class Implementation     Listlt extends Parentgt list    public Implementation       list.addnew ChildOne     list.addnew ChildTwo      ChildOne co  list.get0     ChildTwo ct  list.get1       codepre  pI cannot use codelt extends Parentgtcode,  since I do codeaddcode.p  pBut, I cannot use codelt super Parentgtcode either, since I do codegetcode.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1292109genericsgetandputruleThis questiona stated codedont use a wildcard when you both get and put.code. p  pSo, how do I do to make a list of several kind of Object without using wildcardsp
Negative 63 pI have looked around but couldnt find a straight forward method.p  pWhat i am trying to do, is lets say i have various ribbons in my Excel.p  precodeTEST1 TEST2 TEST3 codepre  pI want to hide codeTEST1code and move one of the groups from codeTEST1code to codeTEST2codep  pThis is easy when you are rightclicking and customizing the ribbon.p  pI tried to save the customization to code.exportedUIcode file, but then it would be a problem for someone to import it if they have their own customizations.p  pI know the ribbon name is unique, the group within that ribbon also has a unique name, is there no way of making those changes via a scriptp
Negative 63 pI have tried a program shown below p  precode class Program      static IPEndPoint Mypoint  new IPEndPointIPAddress.Parse10.169.20.30, 8050     static IPEndPoint UrPoint  new IPEndPointIPAddress.Parse10.169.20.15, 8051     static UdpClient TxClient     static void Mainstring[] args              int i  0         byte[] data new byte[1472]         TxClient  new UdpClientMypoint         while i lt 500                      data[i]             try                              TxClient.Senddata, data.Length, UrPoint                          catch               Console.WriteLineSent frame   i   timesn                   Console.ReadKey       codepre  pIn this I am sending a series of frames to system with IP address 10.169.20.15. I am not giving any MAC ID for this system.  But when I view the transmission of the frames through wireshark, I find that the destination MAC Id is automatically getting updated to the MAC Id of that system. p  pCould anyone please let me know how this is happening. Does the System automatically find out the MAC id corresponding to the IP address, or is there some other reason. p  pThe reason I am asking this is because, I need to now communicate to a micro controller in UDP protocol. As I cannot update the destination MAC address in C, will it be enough if I give just the IP address. Will the MAC Id be automatically resolvedp  pHope the question is clear and thanks for your help  p  pEdit  I tried using arp s ipaddress mac address in command prompt and then running my program, but still the frame being sent is not being transmitted to the given mac address.p  pCould anyone please let me know how to resolve this.  Thanks for your helpp
Negative 63 pI have a database with 3 tablesp  pTable strongCustomerstrongp  precodeCustomerID  PK  Name codepre  pTable strongOrderstrong p  precodeOrderID       PK  CustomerID    FK  OrderDate codepre  pTable strongOrderDetailLinestrongp  precodeOrderDetailLineID  OrderID       FK  Price  ProductCode codepre  pWhat I would like to do in the Entity Framework is add 1 customer, then add several different Orders, each with many OrderDetailLine all relating to the first customer inserted.   I have hooked up all the relationship in SQL Server and imported them into EF model.  All no problems.  I can insert 1 customer and many orders and OrderDetailLine strongfirst timestrong all records get inserted ok into the correct databse tablesp  pI am looping around customer and orders in a file adding then adding the customer and orders to the databasep  pBut when I want to add another order for the same customer I am getting a Primary key violation on Customer with CustomerID.  EF is trying to reinsert the same customer after my initial context.SaveChangesp  pSo, how do I stop EF from trying to add the same customer when using the same datacontextp  pI have been going around in circles for hours and getting the same errorp  blockquote   pThe INSERT statement conflicted with the FOREIGN KEY constraint FKOrderCustomer. The conflict occurred in database xxxxx, table dbo.Customer, column CustomerIDp blockquote  pThe customer is newly created along with the order and orderlines. But it works first time and I get the CustomerID back from EF. But when I add new order and orderlines after the inital context.savechanges I get the FK errorp
Negative 63 pWhen i keep my app in idle state for 1 hour after that websocket is not connecting, Iam unable to receive data from server. Please guide me the proper solutionp  pstrongAppdelegate.mstrongp  precode    voidapplicationDidEnterBackgroundUIApplication application      Close websocket connection   [[IXWebSocketDataManager sharedNetworkDataManager] closeWebSocket]       voidapplicationDidBecomeActiveUIApplication application   Websocket connection if[[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] boolForKeyisLoggedIn]YES      NSMutableDictionary paramDict[[NSMutableDictionary alloc] init]     [paramDict setObjectfg forKeystage]     [paramDict setObject1.0 forKeyappversion]     [[IXNetworkDataManager sharedNetworkDataManager] userPingDetailsparamDict]     Reachability reachability  [Reachability reachabilityForInternetConnection]     NetworkStatus remoteHostStatus  [reachability currentReachabilityStatus]      ifremoteHostStatus  NotReachable               else         [[IXNetworkDataManager sharedNetworkDataManager] startLoadingWithOutUI]          [[IXWebSocketDataManager sharedNetworkDataManager] connectWebSocket]            voidapplicationWillTerminateUIApplication application   [[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] setBoolNO forKeyisLoggedIn]  [[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] synchronize]   codepre
Negative 63 pI have make a userform with a textbox in it. I want to fill the textbox with the result of RangeH28 amp FormatDate,  ddmmyyyy. Is this possible Is it also possible to use the amended text in the textbox in the userform as filename Now Iam using the next code for save asp  precode   Set File Filter     Filt  Excel Files with macro .xlsm, .xlsm        Set . to Default    Set Dialogue Box Caption     Title  Please select a different File    Get FileName     FileName  Application.GetSaveAsFileNameInitialFileNameRangeH28 amp FormatDate,  ddmmyyyy, FileFilterFilt,          FilterIndexFilterIndex, TitleTitle codepre  pIs it possible to use the text of textbox as filename instead of RangeH28 amp FormatDate,  ddmmyyyyp
Negative 63 pI am trying to deploy my app on digital ocean platform.  May be the problem is with  devise. I am using postgres database.p  pi tried running p  blockquote   pRAILSENVproduction2 rake dbcreatep blockquote  pbut its giving me errorp  precoderake aborted NoMethodError undefined method appid for nilNilClass homeClotconfiginitializersdevise.rb252in block in lttop requiredgt usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsdevise3.2.4libdevise.rb288in setup homeClotconfiginitializersdevise.rb3in lttop requiredgt usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb223in load usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb223in block in load usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb214in loaddependency usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb223in load usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsengine.rb609in block 2 levels in ltclassEnginegt usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsengine.rb608in each usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsengine.rb608in block in ltclassEnginegt usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsinitializable.rb30in instanceexec usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsinitializable.rb30in run usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsinitializable.rb55in block in runinitializers usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsinitializable.rb44in each usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsinitializable.rb44in tsorteachchild usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsinitializable.rb54in runinitializers usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsapplication.rb215in initialize homeClotconfigenvironment.rb5in lttop requiredgt usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb229in require usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb229in block in require usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb214in loaddependency usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsactivesupport4.0.2libactivesupportdependencies.rb229in require usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsapplication.rb189in requireenvironment usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5gemsrailties4.0.2librailsapplication.rb250in block in runtasksblocks usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5binrubyexecutablehooks15in eval usrlocalrvmgemsruby2.1.5binrubyexecutablehooks15in ltmaingt Tasks TOP gt dbmigrate gt environment See full trace by running task with trace codepre
Negative 63 pThe R project has a new logop  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comx2qJi.png altenter image description herep  pBecause it is much simpler than the old one it should be possible to generate it with an R script Has anybody tried it yetp  pThat should be fun p
Negative 63 pIn my sipApp Ive got a Service running in background, waiting for incoming calls. On IncomingCall I try to start an Activity showing the callp  precode    Intent intent  new Intentthis, InCallActivity.class     intent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK  Intent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP          Intent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP  Intent.FLAGFROMBACKGROUND     startActivityintent codepre  pwhich works well in most cases. InCallActivity comes up and turns on screen and starting wakelock.p  pBut in some cases, when device is in deep sleep and a call is incoming, the service is triggered correctly. The logs telling that its building up the intent and starting it, but it ends up starting the default HomeActivity and the screen stays black instead of showing InCallActivity.  Seconds later InCallActivity seems to be cleaned up without ever showed up.p  precode104106.809  9711  9741 D CallClient onCallControllerChanged CSINCOMING listener 1 104106.989  9711  9741 I Timeline Timeline Activitylaunchrequest idcom.company.product.brand time8047180 104106.989   830  1228 I ActivityManager START u0 actandroid.intent.action.MAIN cat[android.intent.category.LAUNCHER] flg0x34000004 cmpcom.company.product.brandcom.company.product.call.InCallActivity has extras from uid 12231 on display 0 104107.039   830   830 V ActivityManager Display changed displayId0 104107.149  9711  9711 D MyVoip  onActivityStarted com.company.product.home.HomeActivity14ddfbae 104107.149  9711  9711 D HomeActivity onResume 104107.149  9711  9711 D MyVoip  onActivityResumed com.company.product.home.HomeActivity14ddfbae [...] 104118.715   830   968 W ActivityManager Activity pause timeout for ActivityRecord1ba876d u0 com.company.product.brandcom.company.product.call.InCallActivity t3206 codepre  pso the InCallActivity is not even created, so even that linep  precode073949.648 DMyVoip17451  onActivityCreated com.company.product.call.InCallActivitycffb29b codepre  pis missing in that casep  pany ideas about that p
Negative 63 pIve to consume a rest service to send mails, before consuming the service Ive to create a json and encrypt it. So when I launch my rest client from a main class the  character from the subject appears fine, but if I launch the same code from a struts action I get a weird character I compare the encrypted string from both scenarios and in both cases the encrypted String is different. Here is my code where I receive the info put it in a json and encrypt itp  precode public boolean enviarCorreoString to, String body, subject throws InvalidKeyException,     IllegalBlockSizeException, BadPaddingException,     NoSuchAlgorithmException, NoSuchPaddingException,     InvalidAlgorithmParameterException, IOException      Gson gson  new Gson     Correo correoDTO  new Correo     correoDTO.setToto     correoDTO.setBodyHtmlbody     String szUT8           try              byte[] b1             b1  subject.getBytesUTF8             System.out.printlnb1.toString              szUT8  new Stringb1, UTF8             System.out.printlnszUT8                        catch UnsupportedEncodingException e               TODO Autogenerated catch block             e.printStackTrace                  correoDTO.setSubjectszUT8     String correoNoEncriptado  gson.toJsoncorreoDTO, Correo.class     String encryptedString  SymmetricEncryptionUtility             .encryptcorreoNoEncriptado     String urlStr  httplocalhost8080correosrestFullv1.0genericogenera     String[] paramName  new String[1]     paramName[0]  jsonParams     String[] paramVal  new String[1]     paramVal[0]  encryptedString     String salida       try          salida  httpPosturlStr, paramName, paramVal      catch Exception e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace          RespuestaCorreo r  gson.fromJsonsalida, RespuestaCorreo.class     return r.isSuccess  codepre  pWhat Mark said did the trick. In my encryption method I change from p  precodebyte[] stringBytes  message.getBytes codepre  pto p  precodebyte[] stringBytes  message.getBytesUTF8 codepre
Negative 63 pIm pretty new to setting up jenkins so please bear with me. Im trying to remote execute a shell script that stops and starts up my stand alone Jetty deployment after Jenkins has finished building and deploying the files to this server.p  pa hrefhttpimgur.comPXGHqtl relnofollowhttpimgur.comPXGHqtla screenshot of the Post Build settings on Jenkins coz Im not 10 rep yet...p  pSo the problem Im having is that once the build reaches this stage and the Send Files over SSH plugin begins to execute the jetty.sh start script, I get a timeout error because the sh script seemingly doesnt return any completion acknowledgement ERROR Exception when publishing, exception message [Exec timed out or was interrupted after 120,003 ms]. This causes the build to fail despite the jetty service starting up correctly.p  pI have tried playing around with the Advanced settings by enabling the Exec in pty but this causes the started up jetty service to be shut down again as soon as this step completes.p  pDoes anyone have suggestions as to what else I could try Is my approach correct or completely wrongp
Negative 63 pI use ews API to find appointment of my team but some people share in private mode .my code throws the following error codeMicrosoft.Exchange.WebServices.Data.ServiceResponseException Access is denied. Check credentials and try again.codep  pMy codep  precodeFolderId InboxId  new FolderIdWellKnownFolderName.Calendar, mystaffemail.com CalendarFolder calendarfolder  CalendarFolder.Bindservice, InboxId FindItemsResultsltItemgt calendarItems  service.FindItemsInboxId, viewerror this line             codepre
Negative 63 pI have the following model inside an entity frameworkp  precodepublic class Customer  [XmlIgnore] public virtual ICollectionltCustomergt Children  get set   public string Name  get set   codepre  pNow I try to serialize this using web apip  precodepublic class CustomerControllerApiController     public HttpResponseMessage GetAll          using var tc  new DataContext               ListltCustomergt allCustomers  tc.Customers.ToList         return Request.CreateResponseHttpStatusCode.OK, allCustomers                          codepre  pWhen I do this and call the method using POST I receive the following errorp  blockquote   pThe ObjectContent1 type failed to serialize the response body for   content type applicationjson charsetutf8p      pInnerException Error   getting value from Children on   System.Data.Entity.DynamicProxies.Customer p      pInnerException2 The   ObjectContext instance has been disposed and can no longer be used for   operations that require a connection.p blockquote  pcustomers.Children is currently an empty List.p  pMy guess this problem occurs because Children is of the same type as Customer causing an infinite serialization loop. I got no better words to describe thatp  pI already tried XmlIgnore to prevent that property to be serialized but with no effect.p
Negative 63 precode[content check, title Day One, content Tuesday nn Breakfast..., title Day Two] codepre  pCompiling notes.json with Python 2.7 and Kivy 1.7.1 presents text with two spaces where nn rather than two line breaks as expected. p  pBug or operator errorp
Negative 63 pI want to convert a date in format dd MMM yyyy 23 May 2015 to yyyyMMdd. p  pThe code Im usingp  precodeSimpleDateFormat simpleDateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatdd MMM dd, Locale.ITALY try      Date varDate  simpleDateFormat.parsedate     simpleDateFormat  new SimpleDateFormatyyyyMMdd, Locale.ITALY     date  simpleDateFormat.formatvarDate  catch ParseException e      e.printStackTrace  codepre  pThe variable date before conversion 23 May 2015 After conversion 20150523p  pUnfortunately Im getting an errorp  precodejava.text.ParseException Unparseable date 23 May 2015 at offset 3 codepre
Negative 63 pThis has to be super simple but Im stuck.  I used orderby a lot for simple queries but for some reason it wont work on a join as seen below.p  pHere is my queryp  precodeg.items  db.session.queryExecutor.joinlisted.                      orderbyExecutor.executororder.desc.                      filterbyExecutor.willid  g.profile.id.all codepre  pHere is the sql result from the above query  totally ignores the orderby part for some reasonp  precodeSELECT executor.id AS executorid, executor.willid AS           executorwillid, executor.listedpeopleid AS         executorlistedpeopleid, executor.executororder AS        executorexecutororder FROM executor WHERE executor.willid  willid1 codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong here  Why is it completely ignoring the .orderby, even if I put it before the filterbyp  pHere is the executor Model  the join appears to work I need to bang around it some more to make surep  precodeclass Executordb.Model     id  db.Columndb.Integer, primarykey  True     willid  db.Columndb.Integer, db.ForeignKeywill.id, ondeleteCASCADE      listedpeopleid  db.Columndb.Integer, db.ForeignKeylistedpeople.id, ondeleteCASCADE     executororder  db.Columndb.Integer, nullableTrue      relationship  so I can call Executor.listedpeople for a list.     listedpeople  db.relationshipListedPeople, backrefexecutor codepre
Negative 63 pI have an XML file which is an amalgam of two smaller XML files. While each of the two files has different enclosing tags, both have a particular field of the same name on which I would like to sort, using XSLT 1.0 only.p  pI have created the following XML  XSLT files to demonstrate the problem.p  pThe strongdesiredstrong output is code1,2,3,4,5,6codep  pBut the strongactualstrong output is code1,3,5,2,4,6codep  pIn other words, each subfile codeltDataSet1gtcode andcodeltDataSet2gtcode is being sorted correctly, but the desired result is to have the file as a whole sorted correctly.p  pHow can I correct this problem Please note that I cannot alter the XML file in any way below the level of codeltDataSet1gtcode andcodeltDataSet2gtcode.p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltxmlfilegt     ltDataSet1gt         ltTable1gt             ltRankgt1ltRankgt         ltTable1gt         ltTable1gt             ltRankgt5ltRankgt         ltTable1gt         ltTable1gt             ltRankgt3ltRankgt         ltTable1gt     ltDataSet1gt     ltDataSet2gt         ltTable2gt             ltRankgt6ltRankgt         ltTable2gt         ltTable2gt             ltRankgt2ltRankgt         ltTable2gt         ltTable2gt             ltRankgt4ltRankgt         ltTable2gt     ltDataSet2gt ltxmlfilegt codepre  pHere is the XSLT file I am usingp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransform xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtmlgt      ltxsltemplate matchDataSet1DataSet2gt         ltxslapplytemplatesgt             ltxslsort selectRank orderascending gt         ltxslapplytemplatesgt     ltxsltemplategt      ltxsltemplate matchTable1gt         ltxslvalueof selectRankgtltbrgt     ltxsltemplategt      ltxsltemplate matchTable2gt         ltxslvalueof selectRankgtltbrgt     ltxsltemplategt  ltxslstylesheetgt codepre
Negative 63 pIm using sequelizejs with PostgreSQL as ORM in my webapp, I want to use alphanumeric ID instead numeric.How can I do that  Is there some way to do it through sequelize  Or do I want to generate this id separately and then save it into db p  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 63 pI have UITableViewCell with codeUIViewcode in it. I made some CABasicAnimation and attach it to new CAShapeLayer, then I add this layer to my super layer in my UITableViewCellp  precodeself.layer.addSublayermyLayer codepre  pAll nice except that myLayer and his animation showing above my codeUIViewcode. I want that label be below codeUIViewcode.p  pI achieve this by adding my codeUIViewcode layer the same wayp  precodeself.layer.addSublayermyViewLayer codepre  pIn this case, my codeUIViewcode layer be on the top of the CAShapeLayer with animation.p  pBut I have a problem, I need to remove  layer of UIView  codemyViewLayercode because it violates width of the UIView when scroll.p  pWhen animation is done, and I need to remove layers, I can remove CAShapeLayer  myLayer without troubles. p  precodemyLayer.removeFromSuperlayer codepre  pBut when I try to do the same with codemyViewLayercode, my UIView removed too. But I dont want that, I need my UIView on screen and in my view hierarchy.p  pI dont understand why, if look to codeself.layer.sublayerscode I see this before adding layersp  precode[ltCALayer 0x7fd1f0d4fe40gt, ltCALayer 0x7fd1f0ddc950gt] codepre  pAnd after animation done and myLayer is removedp  precode[ltCALayer 0x7fd1f0d4fe40gt, ltCALayer 0x7fd1f0ddc950gt, ltCAGradientLayer 0x7fd1f0de3660gt] codepre  pAs you can see CAGradientLayer is a layer of my UIView. So, I havent it before I manually add it to sublayers array. How I can remove it, without removing my UIView p  pOR how can I add myLayer below UIViewp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pIn few words I have this layer hierarchy before animationp  precode[ltCALayer 0x7fd1f0d4fe40gt lt I think this is UITableViewCell layer, ltCALayer 0x7fd1f0ddc950gt lt then, this is UITableViewCell content view layer] codepre  pIn the same time, I have this view hierarchyp  pUITableViewCell  Content View  UIViewp  pI need to add new layer with animation, below UIView I want that UIView partially cover that new layer with animation. How I can do thisp  pI havent my UIView layer in the UITableView layer hierarchy, so I cant just add layer with animation using codeaddLayerbelowcode and so on.p
Negative 63 h2My Situationh2  ul liIn my CloudKit Dashboard, I set a record in the codePRIVATE DATAcodes codeDefault Zonecode for testing the function of Downloading data from iCloud.li liThe thing is, there is no error occurred in my iPhone Simulator or the App translated to my phone through Xcode. li liBut when I posted my App to the codeTestFlightcode, the App downloaded from codeTestFlightcode occurred the error, codedid not find required recored typecode.li ul  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4sIgb.png altenter image description herep  pThe thing worth be mentioned that the codeCardModelcode is a codeRecode Typescode in the CloudKit Dashboard.p  pp  h2My Codeh2  precode   let delegate  UIApplication.sharedApplication.delegate as AppDelegate    let predicate  NSPredicatevalue true    let query  CKQueryrecordType CardModel, predicate predicate    self.privateDB.performQueryquery, inZoneWithID nil          results, error in         if error  nil              dispatchasyncdispatchgetmainqueue                  self.delegate.errorUpdatingerror                 printlnerror loading error              codepre  pbrp  pAfter checking my code, I find the error is submitted by codeself.privateDB.performQueryquery, inZoneWithID nilcode. And the codeerrorUpdatingcode is the function in its Classs Protocol Part.p  pbrp  h2My Questionh2  ul liWhy I got different results between the App translated by Xcode and the App downloaded from codeTestFlightcodeli liI know I get to show more code, but I have no idea which part of system occurred the error. CloudKit or the certification of iCloudli ul  pbrp  pA big appreciation for your guide and answer.p  pEthan Joep
Negative 63 pI have read a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenusmagazinedn463774.aspx relnofollowthisa tutorial for working with codeLesscode in Asp.Net MVC5.p  pTo integrate LESS in ASP.NET MVC, I download and install the a hrefhttpswww.nuget.orgpackagesdotless relnofollowdotlessa NuGet package.p  pAnd then added this bundlep  precodevar lessBundle  new BundleLess.IncludeContentLess.less lessBundle.Transforms.Addnew LessTransform lessBundle.Transforms.Addnew CssMinify bundles.AddlessBundle codepre  pHere is the codeLessTransformcodep  precodepublic class LessTransform  IBundleTransform    public void ProcessBundleContext context, BundleResponse response        response.Content  dotless.Core.Less.Parseresponse.Content     response.ContentType  textcss     codepre  pSo far so good. Everything works as it is expected.p  pHere is the part from my code.lesscode filep  precodeCustomMessageBackgroundColor 65B6A7  div.customdialog      ...     background CustomMessageBackgroundColor  codepre  pNow, I want to change the value of this variable from code.jscode file dynamicallyp  precodeless.modifyVars CustomMessageBackgroundColor blue  less.refreshStyles codepre  pBut, this is not working. I have read all SO questions and as I understand this must work.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pMVVM pattern necessarily needs a database Because, all crud examples that I found do not use a database, they all do the CRUD inside the code, with lists and obsservableCollections. Thanksp
Negative 63 pActually I am working on music player widgets, I made home widget for music player and it is working fine,but when I play any song I need to show that song image on android lock scren, I tried lockscreen widget but I didnt get it please help mep  pHome widgetp  precodeltreceiver androidname.widgets.HomeWidgetProvidergt   ltintentfiltergt     ltaction androidnameandroid.appwidget.action.APPWIDGETUPDATEgt   ltintentfiltergt     ltmetadata     androidnameandroid.appwidget.provider     androidresourcexmlappwidgetprovidergt ltreceivergt  ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltappwidgetprovider xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid                     androidinitialLayoutlayouthomewidgetlayout                     androidminHeight10dp                     androidminWidth250dp                     androidupdatePeriodMillis1000000                     gt ltappwidgetprovidergt codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to integrate a few .dbf and .fpt files into an MS SQL Server using Visual Studio SSIS and the OLEDB Visual Fox Pro Driver. For most of the files the integration works fine. But 5 of them are not recognized correctly by the Connection Manager. I tried to figure out the problem using a HEX Editor and find out that there is a datatype M for a few columnsp  precodeSTPNAME....M...  ltASCII STPNAME....M....  ltANSI codepre  pThis seems not to be a known datatype for .dbf files.  I also tried to open the files by using the App DBF open File Tool. This Tool could open the database but when i try to fix the file through the recovery function the file gets saved without any changes.p  pDo you have any ideas how i could fix that issuep
Negative 63 pIve come across some code that looks like thisp  pcodevar something  this.container.ResolveltICatManagergtcodep  pwhich in the web config has a mapping from codeICatManagercode to codeCatManagercode.p  pHowever, CatManager has a constructor which takes 2 parameters, and no default constructor.p  pHow does unity manage to create an instance of itp
Negative 63 pLets see if I can explain what Im trying to do... p  pSay I have an object, with a path to a property that looks like thisp  pstrongAppointment.Person.Namestrongp  pIf I want to update the Person property, i could do something like thisp  precodePropertyInfo subPropertyInfo  apptObject.GetType.GetPropertyPerson subPropertyInfo.SetValueapptObject, replacementValue, null codepre  pBut how would I update the Name Property for the root objectp
Negative 63 pHow to find  using regular expressions How to write correctlyp  pI have for example the sentence like thisp  precodeDespite their ubiquity and importance in achieving high perforltU00BFgtmance in modern processors... codepre  pand I just want to remove codeltU00BFgtcode, Ive tried the followingp  precodesentence2  gsubltU00BFgt, , sentence2 codepre
Negative 63 pIm trying to make a SearchView in my ActionBar. I at first used a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comtrainingsearchsetup.html relnofollowthisa for my resource, but I tried and when I launch the app in my phone, it says that it quit unexpectedly. I tried to use a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22778395androidactionbarsearchviewthisa , but the code didnt work either.p  precode This is my java code    Override public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu       Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.     getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.menuresults, menu      SearchManager searchManager              SearchManager getSystemServiceContext.SEARCHSERVICE     SearchView searchView              SearchView menu.findItemR.id.search.getActionView     searchView.setSearchableInfo             searchManager.getSearchableInfogetComponentName      return true    Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item       Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will      automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long      as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.     int id  item.getItemId      noinspection SimplifiableIfStatement     if id  R.id.actionsettings          return true           return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem    private void handleIntentIntent intent       if Intent.ACTIONSEARCH.equalsintent.getAction          String query  intent.getStringExtraSearchManager.QUERY         use the query to search your data somehow         This is my AndroidManifest.xml ltactivity         androidname.results         androidlabelstringtitleactivityresults gt         ltmetadata androidnameandroid.app.searchable             androidresourcexmlsearchable gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.SEARCH gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt codepre  pI have a searchable.xml file.p  pThanks.p
Negative 63 pIm uploading a csv file using the script p  precode export IFS,  cat  csvfiles  read a b c d codepre  pNow I need the values in the column strongcstrong of csv file to be inserted into the column strongmanufacturenamestrong  of the table strongmanufacturemapstrong in my Database.How will I accomplish thatp  pwhen I tried the code belowp  precodemysql u dbuser pdbpassword db ltlt eof     INSERT INTO manufacturemap      manufacturename VALUES c eof codepre  pI getp  precode ERROR 1136 21S01 at line 1 Column count doesnt match value count at row 1 codepre  pIve been stuck here for the past few hours,Please help me.p  pInputcsv filep  precode    a,b,c,d 1.01100156278101E15,20140708,20140708,Cash Withdrawal by Cheque173320TT1421957901 1.01100156278101E15,20140708,20140708,Cheque Paid173261TT1421951241 1.01100156278101E15,20140708,20140708,Cheque Paid173298TT1421951226 1.01100156278101E15,20140608,20140608,Cash Withdrawal by Cheque173319TT1421858465 codepre
Negative 63 pUsing thisp  precodemGestureDetector  new GestureDetectorcontext, new GestureDetector.SimpleOnGestureListener           Override         public boolean onSingleTapUpMotionEvent e              return true          codepre  pOnly detects for single tap event i.e. quick tap and release.  If i hold down and then release, codeonSingleTapUpcode is not called. p  pI am looking for an motion event which is codeACTIONUPcode after holding down.p  pI looked at codeonShowPresscode which is called when the user performs a down action but then I was not sure how to detect a codeACTIONUPcode while in codeonShowPresscode. p  pNote this is for a coderecycler viewcode to click items. At the moment, I can single tap an item which works but if I hold it down and then release, it is not invoked. p  pPlease help.p
Negative 63 pI am using Spring MVC 4. Here is my controller codep  precodeRestController public class NewValueController      RequestMappingvaluereceiveUpdatedScore,methodRequestMethod.POST,producesapplicationjson    public NewValue receiveUpdateScoreRequestParamvaluescore short score,                                RequestParamvalueuserid String userid,                                RequestParamvaluedevicemodel String devicemodel,                                RequestParamvalueapikey String apikey,                                RequestParamvaluegent long gent,                                Model model        int newScore  int score     NewValue algorithmnew NewValue     NewValue newvaluealgorithm.getNextValuenewScore     return newvalue     codepre  pI am making this Request using Advanced rest clientalso tried same in Postmanp  precodescore50,useridzyz,devicemodelxiami,apikeysasa5454,gent545666 codepre  pemBut I am getting following erroremp  pstrongErrorstrongp  precodeHTTP Status 400  Required Short parameter score is not present  message Required Short parameter score is not present  description The request sent by the client was syntactically incorrect. codepre  pWhat is the mistake I am not able to detect here. Please help me to resolve it.p
Negative 63 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYDgSE.jpg altenter image description herep  pHow do I move the City, State and Zipcode inputs up where they should be  I have been messing around with the rows and the codeendcode, codepullcode, codepushcode and codeoffsetcode classes but i guess i havent found the right combination.  Any help will be great.  Thanksp  pMy Modal HTML codelta classsidenavbtn button small href datarevealidcustomerModalgtCustomersltagt             ltdiv idcustomerModal classrevealmodal datarevealgt               lth3gtCustomerslth3gt               ltformgt                 ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtBusiness Name                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter Business Name gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtContact Name                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter Contact Name gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt               ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtBusiness Phone                     ltinput typeemail placeholderEnter Business Phone Number gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtContact Phone                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter Contact Phone Number gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgtbr               ltdivgt               ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtAddress 1                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter Address gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtContact Email                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter Contact Email gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt               ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtAddress 2                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter Address gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtNotes                     lttextarea placeholderEnter Optional Notes rows10gtlttextareagt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt               ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columns endgt                   ltlabelgtCity                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter City gt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt               ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgt                   ltlabelgtState                     ltselectgt                       ltoption valueALgtAlabamaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueAKgtAlaskaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueAZgtArizonaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueARgtArkansasltoptiongt                         ltoption valueCAgtCalifornialtoptiongt                         ltoption valueCOgtColoradoltoptiongt                         ltoption valueCTgtConnecticutltoptiongt                         ltoption valueDEgtDelawareltoptiongt                         ltoption valueFLgtFloridaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueGAgtGeorgialtoptiongt                         ltoption valueHIgtHawaiiltoptiongt                         ltoption valueIDgtIdaholtoptiongt                         ltoption valueILgtIllinoisltoptiongt                         ltoption valueINgtIndianaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueIAgtIowaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueKSgtKansasltoptiongt                         ltoption valueKYgtKentuckyltoptiongt                         ltoption valueLAgtLouisianaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMEgtMaineltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMDgtMarylandltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMAgtMassachusettsltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMIgtMichiganltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMNgtMinnesotaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMSgtMississippiltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMOgtMissouriltoptiongt                         ltoption valueMTgtMontanaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNEgtNebraskaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNVgtNevadaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNHgtNew Hampshireltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNJgtNew Jerseyltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNMgtNew Mexicoltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNYgtNew Yorkltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNCgtNorth Carolinaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueNDgtNorth Dakotaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueOHgtOhioltoptiongt                         ltoption valueOKgtOklahomaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueORgtOregonltoptiongt                         ltoption valuePAgtPennsylvanialtoptiongt                         ltoption valueRIgtRhode Islandltoptiongt                         ltoption valueSCgtSouth Carolinaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueSDgtSouth Dakotaltoptiongt                         ltoption valueTNgtTennesseeltoptiongt                         ltoption valueTXgtTexasltoptiongt                         ltoption valueUTgtUtahltoptiongt                         ltoption valueVTgtVermontltoptiongt                         ltoption valueVAgtVirginialtoptiongt                         ltoption valueWAgtWashingtonltoptiongt                         ltoption valueWVgtWest Virginialtoptiongt                         ltoption valueWIgtWisconsinltoptiongt                         ltoption valueWYgtWyomingltoptiongt                     ltselectgt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgt               ltdiv classrowgt                 ltdiv classlarge6 columnsgtbr                   ltlabelgtZipcode                     ltinput typetext placeholderEnter zipcodegt                   ltlabelgt                 ltdivgt               ltdivgtbr               ltinput typesubmit classaddbtn button right small valueAddgt               lta classcloserevealmodalgtamp215ltagtltClose Buttongt             ltformgt           ltdivgtltModalgtcodep
Negative 63 pIm making a simple GUI calculator. Before I insert the guts, Im trying to get the GUI down. The problem that Im having is that my codeJPanelscode containing the keypad and display will not show up in the main codeJFramecode for the program. What am I missingp  pstrongMainstrongp  precodeimport javax.swing. import java.awt.  public class Main extends JFrame       public Main          calc           public final void calc          JFrame main  new JFrameAlexs Calculator         Display disp  new Display         Keypad keyp  new Keypad         JPanel c  new JPanel          c.setLayoutnew BorderLayout         c.adddisp, BorderLayout.NORTH         c.addkeyp, BorderLayout.SOUTH          main.setDefaultCloseOperationEXITONCLOSE         main.setSize400, 300         c.setVisibletrue         main.setVisibletrue           public static void mainString[] args          SwingUtilities.invokeLaternew Runnable               public void run                  new Main                             codepre  pstrongKeypadstrong Yes, I know. Im going to add a loop to create an array of buttons.p  precodeimport java.awt. import javax.swing.   public class Keypad extends JPanel      public Keypad           int num  1         JPanel Keypad  new JPanel         JButton b1  new JButton1         JButton b2  new JButton2         JButton b3  new JButton3         JButton b4  new JButton4         JButton b5  new JButton5         JButton b6  new JButton6         JButton b7  new JButton7         JButton b8  new JButton8         JButton b9  new JButton9         JButton bDec  new JButton.         JButton b0  new JButton0         JButton bPlus  new JButton         JButton bMinus  new JButton         JButton bDiv  new JButton         JButton bMult  new JButton         JButton bBOR  new JButton         JButton bBAND  new JButtonamp         JButton bModu  new JButton         JButton bEq  new JButton         JButton bC  new JButtonClear             Keypad.addb1         b1.setMnemonic1          Keypad.addb2         b2.setMnemonic2          Keypad.addb3         b3.setMnemonic3          Keypad.addbPlus         bPlus.setMnemonic          Keypad.addbBOR         bBOR.setMnemonic          Keypad.addb4         b4.setMnemonic4          Keypad.addb5         b5.setMnemonic5          Keypad.addb6         b6.setMnemonic6          Keypad.addbMinus         bMinus.setMnemonic          Keypad.addbBAND         bBAND.setMnemonicamp          Keypad.addb7         b7.setMnemonic7          Keypad.addb8         b8.setMnemonic8          Keypad.addb9         b9.setMnemonic9          Keypad.addbMult         bMult.setMnemonic          Keypad.addbModu         bModu.setMnemonic          Keypad.addb0         b0.setMnemonic0          Keypad.addbDec         bDec.setMnemonic.          Keypad.addbC         bC.setMnemonicC          Keypad.addbDiv         bDiv.setMnemonic          Keypad.addbEq         bEq.setMnemonic            Keypad.setLayoutnew GridLayout4, 5          Keypad.setSize400, 200         Keypad.setVisibletrue         codepre  pstrongDisplaystrongp  precodeimport javax.swing. import java.awt.  public class Display extends JPanel      JTextField result  new JTextField20      public Display          JPanel display  new JPanel          display.setLayoutnew BoxLayoutdisplay, BoxLayout.YAXIS         display.addresult         display.setSize400, 100         result.setHorizontalAlignmentJTextField.RIGHT         result.setEditablefalse         display.setVisibletrue       codepre  pIm fairly new to Java, and to programming as a whole.br Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 63 pI wanna use Proguard to obfuscates my Android jar which has nearly 3000 classes, however, when I use Proguard to obfuscates it, I found the output jar is only has 1 class  Who can help me I will appreciate I post the configuration and the output log belowp  pstrongProguard configurationstrongp  precode injars EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorlibpredictorlib.jar outjars EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorliboutpredictorlib.jar  libraryjars Eadtbundlewindowsx8620140702sdkplatformsandroid18android.jar libraryjars EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorliblibshttpmime4.1.1.jar  optimizations codesimplificationarithmetic,field,classmerging optimizationpasses 5 dontusemixedcaseclassnames verbose dontoptimize ignorewarning  keep public class  extends android.app.Activity  keep public class  extends android.app.Application  keep public class  extends android.app.Service  keep public final class  codepre  pstrongoutput logstrongp  precodeReading input... Reading program jar [EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorlibpredictorlib.jar] Reading library jar [Eadtbundlewindowsx8620140702sdkplatformsandroid18android.jar] Reading library jar [EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorliblibshttpmime4.1.1.jar] Initializing... Note the configuration refers to the unknown class our.company.project.ProjectAPI Note the configuration refers to the unknown class our.company.project.ProjectAPI Note there were 2 references to unknown classes.       You should check your configuration for typos. Ignoring unused library classes...   Original number of library classes 3305   Final number of library classes    411 Shrinking... Removing unused program classes and class elements...   Original number of program classes 241   Final number of program classes    1 Inlining subroutines... Optimizing...   Number of finalized classes                 0   Number of vertically merged classes         0   disabled   Number of horizontally merged classes       0   disabled   Number of removed writeonly fields         0   disabled   Number of privatized fields                 0   disabled   Number of inlined constant fields           0   disabled   Number of privatized methods                0   Number of staticized methods                0   Number of finalized methods                 0   Number of removed method parameters         0   Number of inlined constant parameters       0   Number of inlined constant return values    0   Number of inlined short method calls        0   Number of inlined unique method calls       0   Number of inlined tail recursion calls      0   Number of merged code blocks                0   Number of variable peephole optimizations   0   Number of arithmetic peephole optimizations 0   disabled   Number of cast peephole optimizations       0   Number of field peephole optimizations      0   Number of branch peephole optimizations     0   Number of string peephole optimizations     0   Number of simplified instructions           0   Number of removed instructions              0   Number of removed local variables           0   Number of removed exception blocks          0   Number of optimized local variable frames   0 Obfuscating... Preverifying... Writing output... Preparing output jar [EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorliboutpredictorlib.jar]   Copying resources from program jar [EUsersDalenRuanworkspacePredictorlibpredictorlib.jar] Processing completed successfully codepre
Negative 63 pI tried to write my First WCF service and here i have some problems,p  pFirst,I create a WCF Project,brThen i added Entity Model.brAfter that i added IEmpService.svc file.then im going to get a List of Customers.brp  pI follow a hrefhttpwww.csharpcorner.comUploadFiled13d20creatingaspnetmvcappwithwcfservicedocx relnofollowTHIS BLOG POSTap  pIEmpServicep  precode   [ServiceContract] public interface IEmpService       [OperationContract]     ListltCustomergt GetAllCustomers   codepre  pEmpServicep  precode   public class EmpService  IEmpService      public EmpDBEntities dbent  new EmpDBEntities  I cant create thisone inside GetAllCustomer method.      public ListltCustomergt GetAllCustomers            var x  from n in dbent.Customer select n  This is what i need to get but in here this program not recognize var also.      return x.ToListltCustomergt       codepre  pCan anyope please tell me which point im missing  or whythis problem happend how to solve this p
Negative 63 pI work on a C software in Microsoft Visual Studio 2013. I have to give to my supervisor a release version of the software so that he can test it. I compiled in release mode and added the required libraries in the release folder.p  pHowever, when I launch the .exe file and try to load data, a null reference exception is launched. This exception is not launched when I run the app with the Local Windows Debugger in Visual Studio. I found that this would be because I have not included the .config file of my project in the release folder. Since there was no .config file in my project, I added one but it is empty.p  pI wonder what must be wrote in this .config file in order for the release version to work p  pEDIT  I know what a null reference exception is. However, I dont know why there is one thrown when I run my app with the .exe file, and none when I run it with the local debugger.p
Negative 63 pMy AJAX call is like thisp  precode.ajax     url servicesLTLGadgetV2.aspx,     type Get,     success function result                console.log result        codepre  pIn the console I get this as a resultp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqvKSi.png altenter image description here Sample XMLp  precode  ltRateResults xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnsxsdhttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemagt ltPriceSheetsgt   ltPriceSheet typeCost CurrencyCodeUSD CreateDate00010101T000000gt     ltLaneIDgt9553ltLaneIDgt     ltMaxDeficitWeightgt19999ltMaxDeficitWeightgt   ltPriceSheetgt ltPriceSheetsgt ltStatusCodegt0ltStatusCodegt ltStatusMessagegtRating Process completed with no errorsltStatusMessagegt ltdebuggt   ltdebuggt     ltContractNamegt2013  Pinnacpccle ltContractNamegt   ltdebuggt ltdebuggt ltPricingModelgtlt[CDATA[ltdiv idPricingModelDiv stylepositionabsolutedisplaynonegtlttable idmyTable Width  300 stylefontfamilyVerdana backgroundwhite fontsize9 border1gt lttablegtltdivgt]]gtltPricingModelgt ltRateResultsgt codepre  pCan anyone please point out how I could get the XML data inside this response so that I can make operations on it I want to parse the output to proper XML like thisp  precode   var xmlDocNp     xmlDocNp  .parseXMLltxmlgt  result  ltxmlgt,      xml  xmlDocNp,     pricingModel  xml.findPricingModel.text codepre  pBut in order to do it, I first need to extract only XML data from above resultp  blockquote   pNote the XML data starts from codeRateResultscode tagp blockquote  precodeNote If i put a breakpoint and checked the result in chrome, it looks like this codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTkVzj.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI want to call a codeServletcode as a very first file to execute like welcome file.p  pIn this servlet I am retrieving data from database and rendering it to display page at a  very first page.p  pwhat I need is when I run programp  pstrongeitherstrongp  blockquote   purl should becodehttplocalhost8083projectNameservletUrlcodep      pnot codehttplocalhost8083projectNamecodep blockquote  pstrongorstrongp  blockquote   pif url is codehttplocalhost8083projectNamecode this should hit my codeservletservletUrlcode not codewelcome filecode.p blockquote
Negative 63 pDrag event works smoothly in browser, a little slow if debugging html amp javascript.p  p mobile browsers lock up almost immediately, sometimes report ludicrous event locations sporadically. Ive tried slimming down the drag handler, with no change.   here a hrefhttpcharts.particle.es relnofollowhttpcharts.particle.esap
Negative 63 pI wanted to proof that codeif there is m which is less than  10 and there is n which is less than 15 then there exist z which is less than 25.codep  precodethm    m  m lt 10 AND   n  n lt 15 gt   z  z lt 25   thm   codepre  pHow to define AND here Please help me. And how to proof thisp
Negative 63 pI want to send a file periodically from client to server in C.  say, every 10 seconds.  send.txt is the file that i want to send to server through socketp  psend.txt contains 123456 for the first 10 seconds.  i change the file content by adding 78910 11 12   so it becomes   123456 78910 11 12p  pthe server should receive 123456 78910 11 12 for the next 10 seconds. but the problem is  the file that i received is still the original one 123456 and look like it never changes. p  blockquote   phere is my client code p blockquote  precodeinclude stdafx.h include ltWinSock2.hgt include ltWindows.hgt include ltstdio.hgt include ltiostreamgt include ltchronogt include ltthreadgt include ltfunctionalgt     SOCKET clientsock WSADATA winsock sockaddrin serverAddr , addr int Addrlen  sizeofserverAddr FILE File unsigned long Size char Buffer  void startClient        WSAStartupMAKEWORD2,2, ampwinsock      ifLOBYTEwinsock.wVersion  2  HIBYTEwinsock.wVersion  2           WSACleanup             clientsock  socketAFINET, SOCKSTREAM, IPPROTOTCP     addr.sinfamily  AFINET  addr.sinaddr.saddr  inetaddr127.0.0.1  addr.sinport  htons6091      connectclientsock,sockaddrampaddr,sizeofaddr      printfsocket connected... n      preparing the file       File  fopenBsend.txt,rb       ifFile            printf,WSAGetLastError          printfFile open ok  n        fseekFile,0,SEEKEND     Size  ftellFile     fseekFile,0,SEEKSET        char cisi[10]      sprintfcisi, i,Size        sendclientsock,cisi,10,0  file size sent       Buffer  char malloc Size1     freadBuffer,Size,1,File      fcloseFile       sendclientsock,Buffer,Size,0 File binary sent      freeBuffer   printfsending finished ... n       void timerstartstdfunctionltvoidvoidgt func, unsigned int interval      stdthread[func, interval]          while true                      func             stdthisthreadsleepforstdchronomillisecondsinterval              .detach          void sending               File  fopenBsend.txt,rb          fseekFile,0,SEEKEND             Size  ftellFile             fseekFile,0,SEEKSET             printfSuccess...n              Buffer  char malloc Size1           freadBuffer,Size,1,File          fcloseFile              sendclientsock,Buffer,Size,0 File binary sent          freeBuffer           printfsending finished ... n            int tmainint argc, TCHAR argv[]                              startClient                          timerstartsending, 10000                          whiletrue                          sending                          Sleep5000                                         systemPAUSE    return 0        codepre  blockquote   pand the server code isp blockquote  precodeinclude stdafx.h include ltWinSock2.hgt include ltWindows.hgt include ltiostreamgt include ltchronogt include ltthreadgt include ltfunctionalgt   SOCKET servsocket, ClientAcc WSAData winsock sockaddrin addr,incomingAddress int addrlen  sizeofsockaddrin int addresslen  sizeofincomingAddress char Filesize  new char[10] int Size  0 char Buffer  new char[Size] FILE File  void startp       socket initialization     WSAStartupMAKEWORD2,2, ampwinsock      socket check      ifLOBYTEwinsock.wVersion 2  HIBYTEwinsock.wVersion  2            WSACleanup            servsocket  socketAFINET,SOCKSTREAM, IPPROTOTCP     addr.sinfamily  AFINET     addr.sinport  htons6091     bindservsocket, sockaddrampaddr, sizeofaddr      listenservsocket, 5      ClientAcc  acceptservsocket, sockaddrampincomingAddress, ampaddresslen      char ClientIP  inetntoaincomingAddress.sinaddr     int  ClientPort  ntohsincomingAddress.sinport     printfClient Connected ... n     printfIP  sdn, ClientIP, ClientPort      receive file size       recvClientAcc,Filesize,10,0     Size  atoiconst charFilesize     printfFile size  dn,Size          void timerstartstdfunctionltvoidvoidgt func, unsigned int interval      stdthread[func, interval]          while true                      func             stdthisthreadsleepforstdchronomillisecondsinterval              .detach     void receive                   Buffer  charmallocSize1                 int filedit, totalfile  0                  whiletotalfile lt Size                                                  ZeroMemoryBuffer,Size                                                 iffiledit  recvClientAcc,Buffer,Size,0 lt 0                                                           goto END                                                   else                                                             totalfile  filedit                                                          File  fopenBfileReceived.txt, wb                                                         fwriteconst charBuffer,1,filedit,File                                                         fcloseFile                                                         Sleep1000                                                                                                        END                                                          printfFile received ... n                                                          freeBuffer                                                          closesocketClientAcc                                                          WSACleanup                                                          getchar                                                  int tmainint argc, TCHAR argv[]                                           startp                                     timerstartreceive, 10000                                       receive                                     Sleep5000                             systemPAUSE                     return 0    codepre  blockquote   pand the output is  p      pserver  p      pclient connected... IP  127.0.0.1  15425 File size  20 File   received  press any key to continue ...p      pclient p      pSocket connected... File open ok  ...  success ... sending finished   ... success ... sending finished ... success ... sending finished ...   success ... sending finished ...   success ... sending finished ...p blockquote  pi used this way p  blockquote   pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21057676needtocallafunctionatperiodictimeintervalsincneed to call a function at periodic time intervals in cap blockquote  pto send the file periodically but the result is not what i want.p  pi hope  you can help me .  thank you. i really appreciate your help. p
Negative 63 pIs there a way to make a perl oneliner into a bash functionp  precodebinbash  .bashrc stopwatch     perl wE for reverse 1..shift1 system qclearopen FIGLET,qfiglet f banner cprintf FIGLET 2d02d,60,60sleep 1 1  codepre  pcodesourcecodeing code.bashrccode complains as followsp  ul liunexpected EOF while looking for matching li lisyntax error near unexpected token reverseli liand so on..li ul  pUsual a hrefhttptldp.orgLDPabshtmlwrapper.htmlEX56 relnofollowshell wrappinga works of course, but here I try to have a bash aliasfunction invoking a hrefhttpwww.perlmonks.orgnodeid46168 relnofollowperla.p  pThere must be a way without needing to create a brand new code.plcode file. Much appreciated p
Negative 63 pPreHTML5 we had cookies, but they arent a reliable way to persistently store data for a user locally because a user can and does clear their cookies in their browser.p  pNow, HTML5 introduces localStorage as an alternative which has the benefit of not being sent with every HTTP request. However, it suffers the same fate as cookies dodeath by deletion.p  pLocal data persistency is inherently unreliable in the sense that a user has the ultimate control. But, cookies and localStorage can very easily be removed without a user knowing exactly what it is theyre doing when removing their browsers data.p  pWhat HTML5 feature is the most reliable means of storing persistent data locally without the risk of a user removing it inadvertentlyp
Negative 63 pI need to create a file on mac which stays on server but shows on the synced folder on my mac. The file needs to show real size lets say 10 MB but should occupy negligible disk space. I know virtual files are the way to go but am not able to find any library or API which gives this facility. Please suggest if you have come across anything similar. I am using OSX Yosemite  10.10p  pIf I am able to modify the size property, that can also serve the purpose. I used xattr to try to modify size property but it wasnt modified as it is readonly. xattr can be used to add custom properties though. So, it seems like virtual file is only way out.p
Negative 63 pI have meteor template helper with a function that searches for a document of scores. If it cant find a matching document, it creates a new one for the user. Unfortunately, the meteor function executes the codevar score  UserScores.findOnecode before the publish and subscribe functions finish. Every time, a new UserScore document is created. If I turn on autopublish this problem goes away and it doesnt create a duplicate record. How can I ensure the publish and subscribe functions execute first, before the template helper executesp  pDo I need to place a meteor method in the lib folder for this to execute properly or is there a way to do it clientsidep  precodevar score  UserScores.findOne  ifscore  score       userId Meteor.userId,     total 0,     goal 200  UserScores.insertscore  codepre
Negative 63 pI am having trouble understanding how to handle overflow when adding or subtracting signed numbers in verilog.p  pWhen I did this with unsigned numbers, it was very simplep  precodeinput [150] A input [150] B input [30] S output reg [150] AddAB ... always     begin         OFAdd, AddAB lt A  B         OFSub, SubAB lt A  B ...         caseS             0             begin                 Display lt AddAB                 DisplayOF lt OFAdd             end             1             begin                 Display lt SubAB                 DisplayOF lt OFSub             end ... codepre  pAnd I would get the proper output. But doing the same thing with signed inputs, I get the wrong value for my overflowp  precodeinput signed [150] A input signed [150] B input [30] S output reg signed [150] AddAB ... always     begin         OFAdd, AddAB lt A  B         OFSub, SubAB lt A  B ...         caseS             0             begin                 Display lt AddAB                 DisplayOF lt OFAdd             end             1             begin                 Display lt SubAB                 DisplayOF lt OFSub             end ... codepre  pFor instance, if A 21846 and B  88, I get the proper value AddAB  21758, but I get DisplayOF  1. The same happens with subtraction. I get the proper value for SubAB but I get an overflow on DisplayOF when I shouldnt.p  pIf it makes any difference, my testbench looks basically like thisp  precode    A  16sb1010101010101010     B  16sd88     S  4d0     10      A  16sb1010101010101010     B  16sd88     S  4d1     10 codepre  pIm not concerned with synthesizability, I just want to figure out how to deal with overflow on unary arithmetic on signed values.p  pIf anyone could point me in the right direction I would be very greatful, thank youp
Negative 63 pFor example, I want to make a list which looks likep  precodeApple  Steve Jobs Microsoft  Bill Gates Tesla  Elon Musk codepre  pAnd Im going to do this, using two Firebase apps and AngularJS. p  pFirst FB app looks likep  precodecompanies Apple 0 Microsoft 0 Tesla 0 codepre  pSecond FB appp  precodecompaniesceo Apple Steve Jobs Microsoft Bill Gates Tesla Elon Musk codepre  pSo I have an AngularJs appp  precodeangular.moduleApp, [firebase] .controllerAppCtrl, [scope, firebaseObject,      functionscope,firebaseObject         var userRef  new Firebasehttpscompanies.firebaseio.com         var userObj  firebaseObjectuserRef         userObj.bindToscope, userData          scope.getCEO  functioncompanyName             var indexRef  new Firebasehttpscompaniesceo.firebaseio.comcompanyName             var indexObj  firebaseObjectindexRef             indexObj.loadedfunction                 return indexObj.value                   codepre  p]p  pAnd an HTML codep  precodeltdiv ngcontrollerAppCtrlgt     ltdiv ngrepeatcompanyName,tmp in userDatagt         ltpgtcompanyName  getCEOcompanyNameltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pWhen I dont use getCEO function, likep  precodeltdiv ngcontrollerAppCtrlgt     ltdiv ngrepeatcompanyName,tmp in userDatagt         ltpgtcompanyNameltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  peverything is alright, but with getCEO function is causes an errorp  precodeError 10 digest iterations reached. Aborting codepre  pHow can I fix itp
Negative 63 pI am creating a table in MediaWiki 1.22.3 with some if statements to conditionally alter table cells accordinglyp  ol liIf the codetype2code parameter strongemis notemstrong defined or is emptynull, the codetype1code cell is given the attribute codecolspan2code and nothing is echoed for the codetype2code cellli liIf the codetype2code parameter strongemisemstrong defined, then the codetype1code cell is one column wide preferably the codecolspancode attribute should be omitted and a separate cell for codetype2code is echoed in the wiki markupli ol  pCode for Templatekamatablep  precodelthtmlgt ltstylegt  General style for all table cells  kamatable td  padding 2px 8px    Global style to affect the type columns  kamatable .type  textalign center   kamatable .type alink, kamatable .type avisited  textdecoration none   kamatable .type ahover  textdecoration underline    Styles for the type column of the moves table    Main style for text amp link colors  kamatable .type, kamatable .type alink, kamatable .type avisited  color FFFFFF    Main styles to color the background on all of the type cells  .Bug       backgroundcolor A8B820  .Dark      backgroundcolor 705848  .Dragon    backgroundcolor 7038F8  .Electric  backgroundcolor F8D030  .Fairy     backgroundcolor EE99AC  .Fighting  backgroundcolor C03028  .Fire      backgroundcolor F08030  .Flying    backgroundcolor A890F0  .Ghost     backgroundcolor 705898  .Grass     backgroundcolor 78C850  .Ground    backgroundcolor E0C068  .Ice       backgroundcolor 98D8D8  .Normal    backgroundcolor A8A878  .Poison    backgroundcolor A040A0  .Psychic   backgroundcolor F85888  .Rock      backgroundcolor B8A038  .Steel     backgroundcolor B8B8D0  .Water     backgroundcolor 6890F0  ltstylegt lthtmlgt   classwikitable sortable idkamatable   Name  NicknameTitle  Status  Species  colspan2  Types  Group  Domains  Aspects  Clan Name  Clan Location  Notable Features   1   codepre  pCode for Templatekamatablerowp  precode [[name Allomeraname]]  title  [[status]]  [[bulbaspeciesspecies]]  iftype2  colspan1  colspan2  classtype type1  [[bulbatype1 Typetype1]] iftype2   classtype type2  [[bulbatype2 Typetype2]]   group  domains  aspects  [[clan]]  clanloc  desc  codepre  pPrototype code for List of Kama which calls the kamatable and kamatablerow templatesp  precodeerr  This article is a thorough list of known Kama and Kamajai on Allomera.  kamatable kamatablerownameArticunotitleArctic GuardianstatusKamaspeciesArticunotype1Flyingtype2groupElemental BirdsdomainsGuardian of Ice TypesaspectsclanThree Feathers ClanclanlocTriIsland, Shadowstar Islands kamatablerownameZapdostitleThundering GuardianstatusKamaspeciesZapdostype1Flyingtype2ElectricgroupElemental BirdsdomainsGuardian of Electric TypesaspectsclanThree Feathers ClanclanlocTriIsland, Shadowstar Islands  codepre  pThe kamatable template accepts a bunch of calls to the kamatablerow template as a single unnamed parameter. The kamatablerow template of course defines each table row accordingly. Pedantics aside, I know that Articuno is a dualtype FlyingIce. The secondary type was deliberately omitted to test both cases of type2 being either defined or notdefinedemptynull.p  pUnfortunately, this is the result when I preview the articlep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comTk4sw.png altBAFO39d tablep  pI have tried writing the first if statement as codeiftype2  colspan2 code but the doublepipeshift trolls MediaWikis wiki markup engine into thinking a new table cell starts in the middle of the if statement. And the second if statement isnt even working at all. Furthermore, after the two lines that define the types cells, everything else is shifted one column to the left when it shouldnt be.p
Negative 63 pI want to log events of sending and receiving message and use them to make some sort of visualization of whole messaging process. However, I have problem implementing reliable way of pairing those two eventsp  ul liat both dispatch and arrival I only dispose current actor and message, the later being the only thing available during both events,li lifor now I use message type and hashcode but its unreliable  overriding hashcode, sending message from remote actor or reusing the same message would make it impossible to pair events correctly,li liI was suggested to use timestamp but duration of the transmission is nonzero and that would be merely heuristic.li ul  pThe only reliable way would be to attach some unique information to each message, and use it to connect the events, but manually wrapping and unwrapping each message would be inelegant and error prone.p  pIs there some way to add metadata to the message Or any other mean to reliably pair up events of sending and receiving messagep
Negative 63 pIt seems like longpress event is not part of the Polymers specifications.p  pHow would you implement that p  pI thought about using a behavior and using codedowncode and codeupcode event with some codedebouncecode tricks to manage such a new event but that means I have to make a custom element to use this behavior and cant for example use it directly on any elements I want like p  precodeltdiv onlongpresscheesegt...ltdivgt codepre  pwhich is not convenient.p  pWould you have other solutions p
Negative 63 pI have a test suite and I want to run tests form XML file onebyone. But when Im running it, it runs all TCs at the same time I have 3 open browsers at the same time.p  pMy XMLp  precode    ltsuite nameTestingSuite preserveordertrue parallelfalse verbose10gt       lttest nameTest1gt          ltclassesgt             ltclass nameguiAndFunctianal.LoginFail gt             ltclass nameguiAndFunctianal.LoginAsManager gt             ltclass nameguiAndFunctianal.CreateUserTest gt                   ltclassesgt       lttestgt     ltsuitegt   codepre  pMy TCs looks like this p  precode    public class LoginFail extends AbstractTest       BeforeTest      public void openBrowser       openBrowserFireFoxAllTcs             Test      public void main               AfterTest      public void quit       driver.quit   codepre  pAbstractTestp  precode    public class AbstractTest       WebDriver driver  new FirefoxDriver      WebDriverWait wait  new WebDriverWaitdriver, 10      public void openBrowserFireFoxAllTcs       driver.getsome URL        codepre
Negative 63 pI dont know if title is understandable. Whatever, I have some JMenuItems, and for these Ive set up mouseListener.p  precodemntmExtractPaleographyFeature.addMouseListenerthis codepre  pwhere emmntmExtractPaleographyFeatureem is a JMenuitem and emthisem is the class that implements emMouseListenerem.p  pSo Ive added method for mouseListener likep  precodeOverride public void mouseReleasedMouseEvent arg0      ifarg0.getSourcemntmExtractPaleographyFeature          Code Here      codepre  pNow I have this JButton emextractPaleographyBem that does exact the same thing of the JMenuItem. I dont want to copypaste code two times also because Its not the only buttonjmenuitem. Ive tried withp  precodeextractPaleographyB.addMouseListenermntmExtractPaleographyFeature.getMouseListeners[1] codepre  pbut it doesnt work. Any ideap
Negative 63 pDatabase and the components,query amp table are from Accuracer.p  pI am using a simple delete query p  precodeprocedure TMainForm.Button1ClickSender TObject begin DATAMODULE.QUERY.Close DATAMODULE.QUERY.SQL.Clear DATAMODULE.QUERY.SQL.AddSTART TRANSACTION DATAMODULE.QUERY.SQL.Adddelete from TABLE where DONE  TRUE  try DATAMODULE.QUERY.SQL.AddCOMMIT DATAMODULE.QUERY.ExecSQL DATAMODULE.TABLE.Refresh except DATAMODULE.QUERY.SQL.Text  ROLLBACK DATAMODULE.QUERY.ExecSQL DATAMODULE.TABLE.Cancel end end codepre  pIf I leave the query as it is above, it works. As soon as I uncomment the lines, it does not. It just deletes records from my grid but the data in the database is intact.p  pAm I messing up something here  p
Negative 63 pI created this custom website which has a login page. Theres no wordpress or any CMS involved.  Its working fine when I run the website in the local server. Im not really sure how to host it in a shared server despite of trying many times, and migrate the simple database I have which has 4 columnsindex, username, email, password.p  pErrors recievedp  blockquote   pWarning mysqlconnect Access denied for user rootlocalhost using password NO in home4ablev3publichtmlconnect.php on line 2p      pDatabase Connection FailedAccess denied for user rootlocalhost using password NOp blockquote  hr  pHeres the code of my connect.php filep  precodeltphp connection  mysqlconnectlocalhost, root,  if connection     dieDatabase Connection Failed . mysqlerror  selectdb  mysqlselectdbablev3test if selectdb     dieDatabase Selection Failed . mysqlerror  codepre  pWhat should I keep instead of localhostand root when I upload the file to hostgator shared server Seems like that were im getting the error. Thanks. Will appreciate any help.p  hr  pstrongAttempt 2strongp  pstrongHey Guys, I tried the suggestions in the following order, still unresolved, what am I doing wrong Please see belowstrongp  ol liI made a new database  li liCreated and added a new user and set new password for that databaseli liLinked the user to the database li liChanged root to replace with my DB usernameli liChanged  to my DB passwordli ol  pNow errors I getwhen typing the domain name looks like thisp  blockquote   pWarning sessionstart Cannot send session cache limiter  headers   already sent output started at home4ablev3publichtmlindex.php1   in home4ablev3publichtmlindex.php on line 2p blockquote  pMy connect.php code, after changesp  precodeltphp connection  mysqlconnectlocalhost, MyDatabaseUsername, MyDatabasePassword if connection     dieDatabase Connection Failed . mysqlerror  selectdb  mysqlselectdbNameOfMyNewDatabase if selectdb     dieDatabase Selection Failed . mysqlerror  codepre  pMy index.php code after changesp  precode ltphp  sessionstart requireconnect.php 3. If the form is submitted or not. 3.1 If the form is submitted if issetPOST[username] and issetPOST[password] 3.1.1 Assigning posted values to variables. username  POST[username] password  POST[password] 3.1.2 Checking the values are existing in the database or not query  SELECT  FROM tableOTA WHERE usernameusername and passwordpassword result  mysqlqueryquery or diemysqlerror count  mysqlnumrowsresult 3.1.2 If the posted values are equal to the database values, then session will be created for the user. if count  1 SESSION[username]  username else 3.1.3 If the login credentials doesnt match, he will be shown with an error message. echo Invalid Login Credentials.   3.1.4 if the user is logged in Greets the user with message if issetSESSION[username] header Locationintroduction.php  username  SESSION[username] echo Hai  . username .  echo This is the Members Area echo lta hreflogout.phpgtLogoutltagt else 3.2 When the user visits the page first time, simple login form will be displayed. gt ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt  ltheadgt  ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefstyle.css gt ltheadgt ltbodygt     lt Form for logging in the users gt   gt     ltdiv classregisterformgt   .............. .......... ......... codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong how to rectify this errorp
Negative 63 pHi all, this is my table...p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQiLj7.jpg altenter image description herep  pI would like to create a trigger function that whenever Total is INSERTed on the timetype column it would SUM up all timeelapse FROM mytable WHERE fnname  ff AND timetype  Lap but only where timeindex has the highest decimal value eg. in mytable  1.1, 2.3, 3.3 lets say the max possible decimal value its 1.9 or 2.9 or 3.9 and son on. So in the table above the trigger function would automatically sum up all blue highlighted squeares and place it in the last timeelpase row where timetype  Total. I How can I do thatp  pThanks Advanced.p
Negative 63 pMy webpage features a table where each row has a  button so that a mini table appears. The mini table houses data from a super slow database so I am having the data come in through ajax requests. My problem is rooted in a certain situation. Suppose you pressed a plus button causing an AJAX request and while waiting you press another plus button. The second ajax request causes the first request to never come back. In other words the newest request overwrites all previous pending requests. Any idea why this might be happening I feel like this might just be what happens when you dont use jQuery to handle AJAX but I am not sure and I couldnt find anything that said that was the case. I am appending my code below. Any help is appreciatedp  precodefunction fetchSINamesForVariantAJAXlatestBuild, variantToExpand if latestBuild         document.getElementByIdsubTableId.innerHTML        return   else       if window.XMLHttpRequest           code for IE7, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari         xmlhttp  new XMLHttpRequest      else           code for IE6, IE5         xmlhttp  new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP          xmlhttp.onreadystatechange  function          if xmlhttp.readyState  4 ampamp xmlhttp.status  200              spinner.stop             var variantRow  variantToExpand  Row             if document.getElementByIdvariantRow.rows.length  1                 var json  JSON.parsexmlhttp.responseText                 var SINames  json[SIs]                 var locations  json[locations]                 var SIBuilds  json[SIBuilds]                 for var i  0 i lt SINames.length  i                     var row  document.getElementByIdvariantRow.insertRow1                     var cell  row.insertCell1                     var SILinkURL  exampleWebsite.comname.phpnames  SINames[i]                     cell.innerHTML  lta href  SILinkURL  gt  SINames[i]  ltagt                      cell  row.insertCell1                     var fullLocation  locations[i]    SIBuilds[i]                     cell.innerHTML  lta href  fullLocation  gt  fullLocation  ltagt                      cell  row.insertCell1                     cell.innerHTML                                                   create the GET message to be sent using AJAX window     var stateToSend  SITableGeneratorFromVariant.php     stateToSend  latestBuild  latestBuild         xmlhttp.openGET, stateToSend, true     xmlhttp.send  codepre  pp
Negative 63 pI have a SQL server database SQL Server 2008 which has around 120 tables and when I perform a whole database backup, the backup file comes to around 150 GB. Is it possible for me to take a database backup for a specified date range Say, I want to take a database backup for all the tables 120 starting from January 2015 to May 2015 Please help. Thank you for viewing this post.p  pWarm Regards, Sumeetp
Negative 63 pI need to get user avatar via external script using WPRPC.  But I cant find method which can I use to resolve this issue. p
Negative 63 pI wanted to configure location of log4j.xml file in my spring boot application. For that I have added logging.config property to my application.properties configuration, indicating log4j.xml file path. But seems this property is ignored. But it should work accorindg to spring boot docs p  precodelogging.config  location of config file default classpathlogback.xml for logback codepre  pHave I did something wrongp
Negative 63 pHi I am trying to use slim framework in Magento, for writing API calls to Amazon product advertising API.p  pMagento is already configured in my local machine. Next step is to show Amazon products in my Magento Home Page using Slim API.p  precode function getAwsProducts          The query parameters that all queries have         AWSAccessKeyId  accesskey         keyPrivate     privatekey         AssociateTag    associatedtag         amzhost        webservices.amazon         amzlocale  .in locale is separate from host for ease of changing locale          Availability    Avalable            ItemPage    1             Keywords    Paulo Facebook likes of users         Operation   ItemSearch         ResponseGroup   rawurlencodeItemAttributes,Images         SearchIndex     Books  Type of product to search          encodedvalues  array         encodedvalues[AssociateTag] AssociateTag.rawurlencodeAssociateTag         encodedvalues[AWSAccessKeyId]  AWSAccessKeyId.rawurlencodeAWSAccessKeyId         encodedvalues[Service]  ServiceAWSECommerceService         encodedvalues[Timestamp]  Timestamp.rawurlencodegmdateYmdTHisZ         encodedvalues[Version]  Version20110801         encodedvalues[Availability]  Availability.Availability         encodedvalues[ItemPage]  ItemPage.ItemPage         encodedvalues[Keywords]  Keywords.Keywords         encodedvalues[Operation]  Operation.Operation         encodedvalues[ResponseGroup]  ResponseGroup.ResponseGroup         encodedvalues[SearchIndex]  SearchIndex.SearchIndex           sort the array by key before generating the signature              ksortencodedvalues         server  amzhost.amzlocale         uri  oncaxml          method  GET         querystring  strreplace7E, , implodeamp,encodedvalues         sig  base64encodehashhmacsha256, methodnservernurinquerystring, keyPrivate, true         url  httpserveruriquerystringampSignature . strreplace7E, , rawurlencodesig           Result          xmlTree  simplexmlloadfilexmlfeedurl         awsProducts  array         foreachxmlTreegtItemsgtItem as Item             result[title]  ItemgtItemAttributesgtTitle             result[image]  ItemgtSmallImagegtURL                  codepre  pThis code works properly in normal PHP page.p  pI want to implement this in Magento using Slim. How to render Amazon Products in Magento Home Page p
Negative 63 pI have had this problem for a while, When running an app using crashlytics framework. I have tried reinstalling the plugin to no effect. It stalls my computer after a while and nothing responds properly.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGDvLk.png altenter image description herep
Negative 63 pI have set up Drupal with angularjs, nodejs and socket.io. When I send a request to the nodejs server, I run some functions and then, the server returns a result. If I console.log this returned result, it gets multiplied every time I make a request to the server. That is, the first time I make a request, I get the result one time. The second time I make a different request, I get the different result two times. And so on and so forth. I dont think that this is right, is it Can anybody see what is wrongp  pThe code that sends the message to the nodejs server in my controllers.js file.p  precode        Drupal.Nodejs.socket.emitmessage,          latitude parseFloatlatitude,         longitude parseFloatlongitude,      codepre  pThe code at the server.js that receives the message and emits the answer.p  precodesocket.onmessage, functionmessage      latitude  message.latitude     longitude  message.longitude     console.logReceived message from client   socket.id     console.logReceived message that says   Latidude    latitude  , Longitude    longitude     var result  callgribapilatitude,longitude     eventEmitter.oncedone, functionresult        console.logThe grib api has finished   result       socket.emitclientmessage, result      codepre  pThe code at the controllers.js that receives the answer from the server and console.logs it.p  precode    Drupal.Nodejs.socket.onclientmessage, function message          console.logresults.humidity  message.humidity         console.logresults.temp  message.temp         console.logresults.windu  message.windu         console.logresults.windv  message.windv                   codepre
Negative 63 pI have 2 codeUIViewControllercode. I have just done a simple task. p  pMove from first view controller to second view controller. p  pFirst View Controllers Name  My Informationp  pIssue is when I reach to the 2nd View Controller then I found back button title as Backp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9mI4C.png altenter image description herep  pWhen I turn the simulator to landscape view then back button title is as My Informationp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5aKxs.png altenter image description herep  pWhat is the issue there I could not understand.p
Negative 63 pI have two table sales and purchase. I want to create a trigger which stores final quantity in stock table by subtracting sales table sold quantity from purchase table.p  pThere is kikkat as a name n quantity are 10, 15 respectively and both quantities should be subtracted from purchase quantity table and it should be saved in the stock table.p  pHere is my a hrefhttpdba.stackexchange.comquestions106034howtocreatetriggerinsqlserverusingtwotablestofindstockquantitytableap
Negative 63 pI use code.disabledcode on elements I want to restrict clicks on, but came across an issue, as I want to be able to trigger click on these from jQuery and am not sure how to achieve both. I tried css codepointerevents nonecode , but that is not supported in some of the browsers I need to support.p  pHere is current disabling code p  precode.disabled.clickfalse codepre
Negative 63 pIs there any difference in the way strings are translated in QT between literal strings in code and strings defined in a .ui file Besides this, I should able to translate between a UTF8 string to another UTF8 string, not just from ASCII, rightp  pThis doubt stems from a bug I found when trying to include UTF8 characters formatting characters like  in a source english string in my .ui file. The result is that the translations for those strings are not picked up by QT. Note I didnt forget to update to  tags in the .ts filep
Negative 63 pIm using proxy.web to forward client requests.  When destination server is up, my code works as expected.  When destination server is down, ECONNREFUSED error is catch and printed to console.log. I would like to send that error back to the client, and tried using the sample provided here. Unfortunately, the error response does not arrive to the client tried both chrome and firefox. Please find below code. Why does the response not sent to the client p  precodevar proxyServer  http.createServerfunctionreq, res   ifreq.path  forbidden      return res.endnope   var urlparts  url.parsereq.url var extname  path.extnameurlparts.pathname      if extname  urlparts.pathname.length lt 1         proxy.webreq, res,              target httplocalhostconfig.fileServer.port                   else         proxy.webreq, res,              target config.recognitionServer.url         , functione              console.loge.message             if res.headersSent                  res.writeHead500,  contenttype applicationjson                           res.endJSON.stringify error proxyerror,                     reason e.message                                       .listenconfig.proxyServer.port, function       console.logProxy server is listening on port        config.proxyServer.port   codepre
Negative 63 prepeat to iterate through convo object on the left column to create tabs, and want to render appropriate convoid on the right side as I click on the tab.  p  phowever Im getting this error in browser consolep  precodeError [parsesyntax] Syntax Error Token f6e0ce4010000 is unexpected, expecting [] at column 17 of the expression [id 5595e855646f6e0ce4010000] starting at [f6e0ce4010000]. codepre  pand in browser inspection elements seem to render okayp  precodelta ngrepeatconvo in convos uisrefconversation.showid 5595e855646f6e0ce4010000 classngscopegt convo.title codepre  h2    h2  h2Here are my codeh2  pmy viewp  precodediv.collection.convotabcontainer   auisrefgtconversation.showid convo.id.oid,ngrepeatgtconvo in convos     convo.title   divclass col s8   divuiview gt true codepre  pangularJsp  precodevar convoWidget  angular.moduleconvoWidget,[ngResource,templates,msgPopup,ngRoute,ui.router]  convoWidget.configfunctionstateProvider   stateProvider     .stateconversation.show,       url conversationid,       templateUrl conversationshow.html,       controller convoCtrl         convoWidget.controllerconvoCtrl,[scope,http,Conversation,functionscope,http,Conversation    scope.currentUserId   scope.convos  []    scope.defaultPicUrl  httpi.imgur.comP25qqYM.png    scope.otherUserName  functionconvo     var other, fullName      ifconvo.authorid.oid  scope.currentUserId       other  convo.recipient     else ifconvo.recipientid.oid  scope.currentUserId       other  convo.author          fullName   other.firstname     other.lastname      iffullName.trim.length  0       return Anonymous User          return fullName        scope.otherUserPic  functionconvo     var picUrl      ifconvo.authorid.oid  scope.currentUserId       ifpicUrl  convo.recipient.profile.avatar.small.url         return picUrl       else         return scope.defaultPicUrl            else ifconvo.recipientid.oid  scope.currentUserId       ifpicUrl  convo.author.profile.avatar.small.url         return picUrl       else         return scope.defaultPicUrl                   scope.lastMsgPreview  functionconvo     var content, limit  30      content  convo.messages[convo.messages.length  1].body     ifcontent.length gt limit       return content.slice0,limit1     ...           return content        scope.lastMsgCreatedDate  functionscope     var msg  scope.messages[scope.messages.length  1]     return new DateDate.parsemsg.createdat           functions for msg directive    scope.creatorPic  functionmsg     var picUrl      picUrl  msg.creator.profile.avatar.small.url     ifpicUrl       return picUrl      else       return scope.defaultPicUrl             scope.msgCreatedDate  functionmsg     return new DateDate.parsemsg.createdat       scope.creatorName  functionmsg     var creator, creatorId, creatorFullName     creator  msg.creator     creatorId  creator.id.oid     creatorFullName  creator.firstname     creator.lastname      ifcreatorId  scope.currentUserId       return Me      else       var fullName  creatorFullName.trim.length  0  Anonymous User  creatorFullName        return fullName             scope.msgContent  functionmsg     return msg.body       scope.refresh  function     Conversation.getLatestConvos       .thenfunctiondata         scope.convos  data.conversations          console.logscope.convos[0]         scope.currentUserId  data.currentuser              scope.refresh ]  convoWidget.directiveconvoTab,function   return      restrict E,     templateUrl convotab.html,     replace true,     scope        convoObj ,       convoId ,       otherUserName amp,       otherUserPic amp,       lastMsgPreview amp,       lastMsgCreatedDate amp           convoWidget.directivemsg,function   return      restrict E,     templateUrl msg.html,     replace true,     scope        creatorPic amp,       msgObj ,       msgCreatedDate amp,       dateFormat ,       creatorName amp,       msgContent amp          codepre  pThank you so much for reading and any help would be appreciated D happy coding p
Negative 63 pI have to merge two gravity forms fields into one form. I have fetch the two forms fields by the form ids by following codep  precodeform  RGFormsModelgetformmetaformid codepre  pSo now I have two array with two forms filed ids. I have merged two array into one array. Now i have to create a form. Is there are function  filter in gravity form plugin to create form field by field id  or something like this p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 63 pIs there any way to install an old version of the Java plugin in any of my browsers IE, Firefox, Chrome or Opera I want to be able to test a set of applets without digitally signing them, but Oracles crazy signing policy is making it impossible. The appletviewer wont cut it for me the applets interact with each other and with JavaScript on the same page. It seems to be impossible to get an applet signed without paying some money to someone somewhere along the line, and I really cant be bothered with that...p  pI still have an old JDK 1.5 installed in addition to a JDK 1.8 is there any way of convincing a browser to use it Maybe an old browser, if I can find one somewhere I have a copy of Netscape 3 somewhere, but that might be a bit emtooem old...p  pAny suggestions welcomed, except for sign the appletsp
Negative 63 pI am working on a project where I have a medium sized list with anywhere between 10 and 30 items which I am iterating through.  There is a large list of criteria that is used to sort this list.  In simple terms, I have 5 categories, each of which two counters that tick based off the status of the item.  This is simple for me to do, with either codeSwitchcodecodeCasecode or just a more basic codeIfcodecodeElseIfcode.  What makes this problem more difficult, and in my opinion worthy of outside input, is that each item has a date attached to it, and only 3 items per month should be counted.p  pMy approach to this would be to set up a counter for each month, and then start to ignore items that fall within that month, but I am sure there is a smarter and fancier way to do this and some additional experience would be wonderful insight.p  pHere is some code to show what I am doing nowp  precodeFor Each item In List     If item.Category  category1 Then         If item.status  status1 Then             category1Status1  1         Else             category1Status2  1         End If      ElseIf item.Category  category2 Then         If item.status  status1 Then             category2Status1  1         Else             category2Status2  1         End If      ElseIf item.Category  category3 Then         If item.status  status1 Then             category3Status1  1         Else             category3Status2  1         End If      More of this looping      End If Next codepre  pEDIT  Perhaps that it would be helpful to note that i can access the date of the item via codeitem.Datecodep
Negative 63 pI am trying to get the splash screen working when i am calling a .jar thru JWS  Below are the details of the jnlp file. Other features are working as expected. I have placed the strongpic.gifstrong file in ROOT folder of Apache tomactp  pstrongJaNeLA Report  version 11.05.17strongp  pReport for a hrefhttplocalhost8080WithoutManifest.jnlp relnofollowhttplocalhost8080WithoutManifest.jnlpap  p1.XML encoding not known, but declared as UTF8p  ol start2 lipOptimize this application for offline use by adding the  flag.pli lipDownloads can be optimized by specifying a resource size for WithoutManifest.jar.pli lipThe resource download at WithoutManifest.jar can be optimized by removing the default value of downloadeager.pli ol  p5.The resource download at WithoutManifest.jar can be optimized by removing the default value of mainfalse.p  ol start6 lipIt might be possible to optimize the startup of the app. by  specifying downloadlazy for the WithoutManifest.jar resource.pli lipLazy downloads might not work as expected for WithoutManifest.jar unless the download part is specified. pli lipDownloads can be optimized by specifying a resource size for pic.gif. Icon loading amp use can be optimized by specifying the width and height for pic.gifpli lipThe HREF of a hrefhttplocalhost8080 relnofollowhttplocalhost8080a could be optimized to .pli ol  blockquote precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltjnlp spec1.0 codebasehttplocalhost8080 hrefWithoutManifest.jnlpgt       ltinformationgt           lttitlegtTITLElttitlegt           ltvendorgtPallabltvendorgt           lthomepage hrefhttplocalhost8080 gt          lticon kindsplash hrefpic.gifgt      ltinformationgt       ltsecuritygt           ltallpermissionsgt      ltsecuritygt       ltresourcesgt           ltj2se version1.6 gt           ltjar hrefWithoutManifest.jar gt      ltresourcesgt       ltapplicationdesc mainclassWithoutManifest gt ltjnlpgt codepre blockquote  pI am only seeing below two Popup before my actual application.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4Fy9O.png altImage 1p  pAlso how can i change the below values selected in RED, i am not providing those anywhere in .jnlp file p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqgkp3.png altImage 2p  pApache version 8.0.23 Java version  1.8.040b26p
Negative 63 pIm writing a sort of complex large app, where by definition theres not a whole lot of structure. Theres tons of random elements with random colors, sizes, etc. So, writing css selectors that can be applied to many elements is kind of difficult. p  pEach element will need a set of CSS properties applied to it, so the question then becomes how to structure that CSS. Ive began to think that it might be more efficient to declare a bunch of selectors that only have one property each, which could be used throughout the application, like so p  pCSSp  precode.bgred    backgroundcolor red   .inline    display inlineblock   .width50px    width 50px   .borderbottom    borderbottom 1px solid black  codepre  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv idmydiv classbgred inline width50px borderbottomgtltdivgt codepre  pWhere as traditionally, I would probably dop  precodemydiv    backgroundcolor red   display inlineblock   width 50px   borderbottom 1px solid black  codepre  pWhich seems like the normal way to declare elements. p  pButIve found that, for example, I was redeclaring properties like codedisplay inlineblockcode very, very often, so it seemed like it instead of declaring codeinlineblockcode in a bunch of selectors, I could just have a selector that has a single declaration of codeinlineblockcode which then could be a class that I could apply to all elements that need to be declared that way.p  pIt therefore puts me at a middle ground, where I could have tons of selectors that each have one property and each HTML element is flooded with classes with one property each. Or, I could go the traditional route and have a selector that has a bunch of properties that should apply to an element. p  pPerformance wise, which is the better option Using selectors that have one property means that the same properties wont have to be declared repeatedly, but it also means that the parser may have to run through the HTML more to find the correct elements to apply properties to. p  pCouldnt find much information on this so any general advice is appreciated. p
Negative 63 pI am learning preferences using LibGDX. I can run the following code sucessfully both in Windows and Android Device. The file MyDemo is stored in  my C drive user directory. It is prefect. I can run the code in Android device sucessfully as well. However, I cant find the file MyDemo. There is nothing in Androiddata... p  precodepackage com.hkprogram.mydemo  import com.badlogic.gdx.ApplicationListener import com.badlogic.gdx.Gdx import com.badlogic.gdx.Preferences import com.badlogic.gdx.graphics.Color import com.badlogic.gdx.graphics.GL20 import com.badlogic.gdx.graphics.g2d.BitmapFont import com.badlogic.gdx.graphics.g2d.SpriteBatch  public class MyDemo implements ApplicationListener       private SpriteBatch batch     private BitmapFont font1     int screenWidth, screenHeight      public Preferences prefs     String name      Override     public void create           batch  new SpriteBatch             font1  new BitmapFont         font1.setColorColor.BLACK         font1.setScale5         screenWidthGdx.graphics.getWidth         screenHeightGdx.graphics.getHeight          Preferences prefs  Gdx.app.getPreferencesMyDemo         prefs.putStringName, Peter         prefs.flush          prefs  Gdx.app.getPreferencesMyDemo         nameprefs.getStringName,no name stored         System.out.printlnNamename                     Override     public void dispose           Override     public void pause                  Override     public void render           Gdx.gl.glClearColor159255.0f,220255.0f,235255.0f,0xff255.0f          Gdx.gl.glClearGL20.GLCOLORBUFFERBIT                 batch.begin          font1.drawbatch, name, screenWidth2, screenHeight2          batch.end          Override     public void resizeint arg0, int arg1                   Override     public void resume              codepre
Negative 63 pI am using devise gemauthentication. I am implementing custom validation for reset password.  User can not reset there new password with existing password. in stronguserstrong model code isp    pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecode class User lt ActiveRecordBase      include ActiveModelForbiddenAttributesProtection      validate  checkexistedpassword                                       def checkexistedpassword         if User.findbyemailself.email.validpasswordpassword           errors.addpassword, password already existed, try other         end       end     end                                codepre  p  pAfter running rspec, I am getting error  FailureError noemailuser.shouldnot bevalid    NoMethodError        undefined method validpassword for nilNilClass. All preexisting test cases in userspec.rb file is getting fail. any suggestion p  blockquote   pBlockquotep blockquote
Negative 63 pAccording to this a hrefhttpforum.railsonmaui.comtwhyismyrails42appnotavailableonmylocalnetwork227 relnofollowposta, in order to access the local server from another machine on the same network, you need to use 0.0.0.03000 as the address for localhost in rails 4.2. If I start the server with coderails s b 0.0.0.0 p 3000code I can indeed access from another machine, using the host ip address followed by 3000. However, the assets are not displaying. I have tried setting codeconfig.assethost  0.0.0.03000code in development.rb and restarting the server but this does not help.p  pSo how do I have the assets load from a remote machine  The console shows the following errorsp  precodeGET httplocalhost3000assetsapplication.css netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED 192.168.0.5724  GET httplocalhost3000assetsapplication.js netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED 192.168.0.5783  GET httplocalhost3000assetsinfographic.png netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED 192.168.0.57106  GET httplocalhost3000assetsanalysisthumb.png netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED 192.168.0.57121  GET httplocalhost3000assetschartthumb.png netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED localhost3000imagesfavicon.ico1  GET httplocalhost3000imagesfavicon.ico netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED gingerEditor.min.js21  Running Ginger Widget  version 0.1.0.585 localhost3000imagesfavicon.ico1  GET httplocalhost3000imagesfavicon.ico netERRCONNECTIONREFUSED codepre  pIn this case, the host machine was at 192.168.0.573000.  The server log says the page loaded at 192.168.0.9 i.e. codeStarted GET  for 192.168.0.9codep
Negative 63 pIve been busy this morning creating a custom WordPress contact page template and have added the new Google reCaptcha to it in an effort to reduce spammers. I have created a validation.php file which the contact page actions to validate that all fields and the Google reCaptcha are correct. The problem is it just isnt working for me. I have everything setup as it should be in the WordPress file system and WordPress is navigating to the validation.php file no problem which leads me to believe that my validation code isnt working. Please see belowp  pHTML CODEp  precodeltdiv classcolxs12 colsm8 collg9gt                  ltscript srchttpswww.google.comrecaptchaapi.jsgtltscriptgt        ltdiv idcontent rolemaingt               ltphp gettemplatepartincludesloopscontent, page gt         lthrgt            ltform actionvalidatecontactform.php idcontactForm methodpostgt             ltfieldsetgt             ltlegendgtContact Usltlegendgt            ltdiv classformgroupgt              ltdiv classcolmd12gt              ltinput idcfname namecontactName typetext placeholderPlease enter your full name here. classformcontrol requiredgt              ltdivgt            ltdivgt            ltbr gtltbr gt            ltdiv classformgroupgt              ltdiv classcolmd12gt              ltinput idcfemail nameemail typetext placeholderPlease enter your email address here. classformcontrol required gt              ltdivgt            ltdivgt            ltbr gtltbr gt            ltdiv classformgroupgt              ltdiv classcolxs12gt                                 lttextarea classformcontrol idcomments placeholderPlease enter your message here. namecomments rows20 classformcontrol required gtlttextareagt              ltdivgt            ltdivgtlthrgt            ltdiv classformgroupgt              ltdiv classcolxs12gtlthrgt              ltdiv classgrecaptcha datasitekey6Ld6cf4SAAAAABBYX2C3I5AyxxLwKSYm2ZUtxen classformcontrol requiredgtltdivgt              ltdivgt            ltdivgt            ltdiv classformgroupgt              ltdiv classcolxs12gtlthrgt              ltbutton typesubmit  namesubmit valueSend classbtn btnprimarygtSend Messageltbuttongt              ltdivgt            ltdivgt            ltfieldsetgt          ltformgt             ltdivgtlt content gt   ltdivgt codepre  pValidation.php CODEp  precode    ltphp   ifissetPOST[submit]        iftrimPOST[contactName]            nameError  Please enter your name.         hasError  true        else          name  trimPOST[contactName]               iftrimPOST[email]             emailError  Please enter your email address.         hasError  true        else if pregmatch[[alnum]][az09.][az09.].[az]2,4i, trimPOST[email]          emailError  You entered an invalid email address.         hasError  true        else          email  trimPOST[email]             iftrimPOST[comments]          commentError  Please enter a message.       hasError  true      else         iffunctionexistsstripslashes          comments  stripslashestrimPOST[comments]        else          comments  trimPOST[comments]                     ifissetPOST[grecaptcharesponse]ampampPOST[grecaptcharesponse]         vardumpPOST         secret  MY SITE KEY         ip  SERVER[REMOTEADDR]         captcha  POST[grecaptcharesponse]         rsp  filegetcontentshttpswww.google.comrecaptchaapisiteverifysecretsecretampresponsecaptchaampremoteipip         vardumprsp         array  jsondecodersp, TRUE     ifarray[success]                 ifissethasError        emailTo  getoptiontzemail       if issetemailTo  emailTo            emailTo  getoptionadminemail              subject  [PHP Snippets] From .name       body  Name name nnEmail email nnComments comments       headers  From .name. lt.emailTo.gt . rn . ReplyTo  . email        wpmailemailTo, subject, body, headers       emailSent  true        echo Done            else        echo Spam            gt codepre
Negative 63 pI have a cmake function which expects a list as one of its arguments. In cmake, a list is represented by a string with the list elements separated by semicola. I can pass an empty list as codecode, a list of one element as codefoocode, and a list of multiple elements as, e.g., codefoo1foo2foo3code. Even passing a list of two empty elements as codecode works as expected. But how do I pass a list with one single empty elementp  pI googled around a bit and found this postp  pa hrefhttppublic.kitware.compipermailcmakedevelopers2013July007738.html relnofollowhttppublic.kitware.compipermailcmakedevelopers2013July007738.htmlap  pwhich covers a similar issue, but I couldnt find any followups.p  pSo, is it even possible to pass a list with exactly one empty element, and if so, howp
Negative 63 pI am rookie to iOS .In my child view controller i made some modification in data. I inserted a done button to store a data and pop the view controller from navigation controller stack. if i press navigation controller back button it automatically goes to back without saving data. if i made any modification in data and then i pressed back button i need show alert as modifications are made are sure want to go back. if the user press the cancel button in alert view i need to stop view disappearing and still stand on same view controller.If anybody have the answer please help me.p
Negative 63 pI see the transiton when push is not the default animate in some App. How I can put the rootViewControllers tabBarampnavigationBar under the destinationViewController when pushp  plike this picture a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comuJnwQ.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comuJnwQ.pnga how to write codep
Negative 63 pi wanna scrawl the Feedback from this website but i cant get the content from the source code and i heard that casperjs can return th AJAX content code ,but i dont get the code when using casperjs.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodevar fs  requirefs   var casper  requirecasper.create      pageSettings            loadImages false,           loadPlugins false,           javascriptEnabled true,           userAgent Mozilla5.0 Windows NT 6.1 WOW64 rv39.0 Gecko20100101 Firefox39.0       ,       logLevel debug,       verbose true,              casper.starturl, function          fs.writetemp.html, this.getPageContent, w    casper.runfunction          this.echoSo the whole suite ended.         this.exit     codepre div div p  p[enter image description here][1]p
Negative 63 pIm using jQuery to load gapi so my app has the ability to log a user out using their Google account. Ive loaded jQuery in the head of my index.html, but it doesnt seem to be getting picked up as I get the following error in the console codeUncaught TypeError ....tooltip is not a functioncode.p  pThis is the script Im attempting to run at the end of my bodyp  precode  ltscriptgt     function        buttonaddress.tooltip       var po  document.createElementscript       po.type  textjavascript       po.async  true       po.src  httpsapis.google.comjsclientplusone.js       var s  document.getElementsByTagNamescript[0]       s.parentNode.insertBeforepo, s        ltscriptgt ltbodygt codepre  pand in the headp  precodeltscript src....bowercomponentsjquerydistjquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt codepre
Negative 63 pLets say we have design our system using akkapersistence. Now, we have events stored in the eventstore. While, the system in production, a new feature was requested. As a result, we find the best way to go about it is to add or modify a field in an event. Lets say by changing the field name or type.p  pNow, we have two versions of the event, the one we have in production, and the one in the new deployment, which are not compatible. We will fail if we try to recover data from the old version.p  pWhat is the best way to go about that, other than data migrationp
Negative 63 pIm trying to show these variables on an Android emulator . They do not appear , it remains an empty space . Are variables that are updated at every cycle of the script . In contrast , in the ripple simulator works fine but it gives me this error emCannot set property innerHTML of nullemp  pThis are the variables that i wont show in the emulator p  precodevar velocit  var tempo  var media  var max  var min  codepre  pThis is the full codeif you copy and paste as a script , you can test it in your brownser... is print with .innerHTMLp  precodedocument.addEventListenerdeviceReady, deviceReady, false          function deviceReady             Now safe to use the PhoneGap API                   var tot  0         var media  0         var tempo  0         var massima  0            function          ifnavigator.geolocation          navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPositionfunctionposition          pos1  45.383559  pos1  position.coords.latitude          pos11  12.07285  pos11 position.coords.longitude         console.loglatitudine   pos1         console.loglongitudine   pos11         Passano 2 secondi         setTimeoutfunction         pos2  45.2968571         pos22  12.034978499999966         console.loglatitudine   pos2         console.loglongitudine   pos22         alertSono passati 2 secondi          ,1500             Converte in radianti           setTimeoutfunction          if typeofNumber.prototype.toRad  undefined           Number.prototype.toRad  function           return this  Math.PI  180                                                Calcolo la Distanza          var R  6371  km          var dLat  pos2pos1.toRad          var dLon  pos22pos11.toRad          var lat1  pos1.toRad          var lat2  pos2.toRad            var a  Math.sindLat2  Math.sindLat2            Math.sindLon2  Math.sindLon2  Math.coslat1     Math.coslat2           var c  2  Math.atan2Math.sqrta, Math.sqrt1a           var distance1  R  c          var distance2  distance1.toFixed2  Porto decimali          var metri2  distance2  1000        Porto in metri          tot  metri2                        somma teorica distanza          console.logdistance2, tot          alerthai percorso   tot  m   tot          var distance2  localStorage.setItemkey, distance2          var t1  2  3600  h  costante          var spazio  metri2  1000   Km           var velocit  spazio  t1     kmh     trovo VELOCIT          var velocit  parseInt velocit, 10            document.querySelector.velocit.innerHTML  velocit           console.logStai andando a   velocit          media  velocit    Somma velocit per la media           console.logVelocit totale   media          velocittotale  media  1          var temp  2       Variabile tempo          tempo  temp     quanto tempo  passato          console.logQuanto tempo  passato   tempo            document.getElementByIdtempo.innerHTML  tempo          var nanni  tempo  1          var nanni  localStorage.setItemkey, tempo     salvo il tempo          iftempo gt 20                trovo la media della velocit in base al tempo trascorso per ogni script          tempototale  tempo  1          var time  tempototale  2                Trovo il numero di script eseguiti fino ad ora          var medtot  velocittotale  time        valore della media          console.logtime   time  tempototale   tempototale          console.logdovrebbe esserci la media   medtot          document.getElementByIdmedia.innerHTML  medtot                     ifvelocit gt massima          salva velocit massima           massima  velocit          document.getElementByIdmax.innerHTML  massima                     ,1500                                            else          var alert  Attivare geolocalizzazione          document.getElementByIdalert.innerHTML  alert                      setTimeoutarguments.callee, 2000                                                       trovo minuti            function          setTimeoutfunction         var minutitotali  localStorage.getItemkey, tempo        ho i secondi totali              ifmin  0var min  0         ifmin  0alertcomincia         document.getElementByIdmin.innerHTML  min         if minutitotali gt 60         var min  minutitotali  60                                   minuti effettivi         document.getElementByIdmin.innerHTML  min.toFixed2                  ,2000           setTimeoutarguments.callee,30000           codepre  pHtmlp  precode lth1gtProva Stampalth1gt         lth2gtltdiv idalertgt..ltdivgtlth2gt         ltpgtValoriltpgtltbrgtltbrgt         Velocitltdiv classvelocitgtltdivgtltbrgt         Tempoltdiv idtempogtltdivgtltbrgt         Medialtdiv idmediagtltdivgtltbrgt         Vel maxltdiv idmaxgtltdivgtltbrgt         Minutiltdiv idmingtltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pHow can I make two different searchable activities p  pI have different search logic in different parts of my app what I am searching and how Im displaying the results. p  pFor example, in some activities I wish to query my online database for objects of class A, and in another activity I wish to query my online database for objects of class B. p  pI currently have a searchable activity setup from following the guide a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicssearchsearchdialog.html relnofollowhttpdeveloper.android.comguidetopicssearchsearchdialog.htmla , and works great for searching for objects of class A. However, I couldnt figure out how to make a second searchable activity that has a different layout and query logic. It seems you can only apply the searchable metadata to one activityp  pThere must be a way to do this, rightp
Negative 63 pIve been studying how to make lists work in C. Despite line 12 not working, Im more interested in the line I mentioned in the title, as I do not understand what this doesp  pConsequently there is an error in the codeforcode loop, but I presume its due to my lack of understanding of codelistltintgtiterator icode, if anyone could break down and explain what this line means to me thatd be amazing, thanksp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltlistgt  using namespace std  int main      listltintgt integerlist      integerlist.pushback0 Adds a new element to the end of the list.     integerlist.pushfront0 Adds a new elements to the front of the list.     integerlist integerlist.begin,2  Insert 2 before the position of first argument.      integerlist.pushback5     integerlist.pushback6      list ltintgtiterator i      for i  integerlist i  integerlist.end i              cout ltlt i ltlt              return 0   codepre  pThis code was taken directly from a hrefhttpwww.yolinux.comTUTORIALSLinuxTutorialCSTL.htmlLIST relnofollowhttpwww.yolinux.comTUTORIALSLinuxTutorialCSTL.htmlLISTa Except the list name has been changed.p
Negative 63 pIm very new to the concept of I2C and Ive been having some problems interfacing I2C between 2 Atmega32s.p  pI have one Atmega32 as a Master to which an LCD screen is connected and another I2C as a slave to which a LM35 has been connected and both of these Atmega have been connected with the SDA and SCL lines.p  pSo, although I am getting data on the LCD screen attached to the master, Im not getting the right values. Like the temperature is 28 Centigrade here but the LCD that is connected to the master keeps repeating 65280 for some reason. Can someone tell me where Im going wrong Code for both the master and slave devices have been posted below.p  pThe Master codep  precodeint mainvoid      unsigned int xx0x00     unsigned char yy     DDRA0xff     I2Cinit I2C initialization     lcdinit LCD initialization     while1              for int i0ilt3i Getting unsigned int data from slave, so                              broke data into 4 parts and receiving              if i0         one byte at a time.                               I2Cstart0x01  I2C start along with the address of the slave                 yyI2Creadack Read slave data along with an acknowledgment                  xx  yy ltlt 8                     I2Cstop I2C stop function.                          else if igt0                              I2Cstart0x011 dont know any particular reason                 yyI2Creadack behind this, but if i dont do 0x011                 xx  yy ltlt 8   then the master ends up reading the                 I2Cstop        address as a data packet.                            lcdnumxx   lcd function to display unsigned int data.       codepre  pThe Slave codep  pThe slave code is just repeating one function again and again so Im not posting the whole code, just the snippets in between.p  precodeint mainvoid  unsigned int byte  1 unsigned int toTransfer unsigned int mask  0xFF unsigned int xx unsigned char toSend  0 TWIinitslave0x01 initializing slave i2c with address adcinit initialize adc while1      xxadcread0 reading from ADC0 of the Atmega.     toTransfer  5.0  xx  100.0  1024 calibrating the temperature      if byte  1 send packet 1              toSend  toTransfer amp mask sending the first 8 bits of data.         toTransfer  toTransfer gtgt 8right shift so that the next function will take the 816 bits of data.         TWImatchwriteslave I2C function to verify address         TWIwriteslavetoSend I2C function to write data on to master         byte  2           Repeating this till byte 4      else if byte  4 send packet 4              toSend  toTransfer amp mask         toTransfer  toTransfer gtgt 8         TWImatchwriteslave         TWIwriteslavetoSend         byte  1         initialization for next turn         mask  0xFF         toSend  0       codepre
Negative 63 pI am running socketio server, its ok. Someone write to message and i will reply message but i must control another page with longpolling.p  pI cant implement into my socketio server.p  pMy SocketIO server codep  precodefrom socketio import socketiomanage from socketio.server import SocketIOServer from socketio.namespace import BaseNamespace from socketio.mixins import RoomsMixin, BroadcastMixin  class ChatNamespaceBaseNamespace, RoomsMixin, BroadcastMixin      def onnicknameself, nickname         self.request[nicknames].appendnickname         self.socket.session[nickname]  nickname         self.broadcasteventannouncement, s has connected  nickname         self.broadcasteventnicknames, self.request[nicknames]          Just have them join a defaultnamed room         self.joinmainroom      def recvdisconnectself          Remove nickname from the list.         nickname  self.socket.session[nickname]         self.request[nicknames].removenickname         self.broadcasteventannouncement, s has disconnected  nickname         self.broadcasteventnicknames, self.request[nicknames]          self.disconnectsilentTrue      def onusermessageself, msg         self.emittoroommainroom, msgtoroom,             self.socket.session[nickname], msg         print s  sself.socket.session[nickname], msg      def recvmessageself, message         print PING, message  class Applicationobject     def initself         self.buffer  []         self.request               nicknames [],               def callself, environ, startresponse         path  environ[PATHINFO].strip          if path.startswithsocket.io             socketiomanageenviron,  ChatNamespace, self.request         else             return notfoundstartresponse   def notfoundstartresponse     startresponse404 Not Found, []     return [lth1gtNot Foundlth1gt]  if name  main     print Listening on port 8080 and on port 843 flash policy server     SocketIOServer0.0.0.0, 8080, Application,         resourcesocket.io, policyserverTrue,         policylistener0.0.0.0, 10843.serveforever codepre  pSite control code      class sitecontrolobjectp  precode    def initself         self.surl  httpcontrol.site.comgetUpdates         try             self.lastupdateid  openlastupdateid.txt, r.read         except Exception, e             self.lastupdateid  0         print self.lastupdateid         self.url  httpcontrol.site.comgetUpdatesoffsetsself.lastupdateid         self.getUpdates      def getUpdatesself         response  requests.getself.url          datajson  json.loadsresponse.content         dataresult  datajson[result]          if intdataresult[1][updateid]  intself.lastupdateid             readResponsedataresult             self.lastupdateid  dataresult[1][updateid]              lastupdateidfile   openlastupdateid.txt, wb             lastupdateidfile.writestrself.lastupdateid             lastupdateidfile.close             self.url  soffsetsself.surl, self.lastupdateid         else             print dataresult[1][updateid]          time.sleep1         self.getUpdates      def readResponseself, data         self.sendMsgControl OK         now i must send message to user via socket io server... codepre  pIm sorry my english so bad. I drew a chart maybe it helps.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comHCN86.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHCN86.jpg altSocketIO Server Chartap
Negative 63 pI have a codeJSONObjectcode that contains a string with a decimal value like thisp  precodeprivate static RegisterIn ParseRegisterInJSONObject object      RegisterIn toReturn  new RegisterIn     try          toReturn.setUsernameobject.getStringusername         toReturn.setCertificatenew ShortInteger.toHexStringobject.getcertificate      catch JSONException e          e.printStackTrace          return toReturn  codepre  pThe codecertificatecode object value is strong15879strong which corresponds to strong3E07strong in hexadecimal. I want to recover it from the JSONObject and save it in a codeshortcode attribute. And IT HAS to be like that.p  pIve tried to access the parameter and recover it as posted above, but I get the following exceptionp  blockquote   pjava.lang.NumberFormatException Invalid int 3e07p blockquote  pHow can I get this decimal value, convert it to hexadecimal, and save it in a short valuep  pstrongNOTEstrong the p  precodetoReturn.setCertificate... codepre  pis codeshortcode type.p
Negative 63 pI have the following tables in a databasep  ul liproductsli liassemblystepsli lipartsli liwarningsli ul  pI want to relate the content of these tables as follows A product consists of many assemblysteps. An assemblystep can have different part and warnings. So I build the tablesp  ul liassemblystepshaspartsli liassemblystepshaswarningsli liproductshasassemblysteps li ul  pto relate the data. The ...emhasem...tables are connected with their related partners by foreign keys. I modeled that with the MySQLWorkbench.p  pI am confused about the mechanism to relate the info. How do I program that in PHPp  pI think first you add the content on the lowest level, that would be parts and warnings. Then you add the assembly step and relate the data. But I dont know how to do this.  p  pHere you find an overview a hrefhttpswww.dropbox.comsewydw07xqay1jgodb.pngdl0 relnofollowDatabaseModelap
Negative 63 pChrome Network shows this when theres no certificate to showp  precode    usercertificates [] codepre  pIm trying to show Add Certificate button when theres no certificate to show but its not working. Where am I going wrongp  precode    ltdiv ngshowusers.usercertificates  nullgt         ltdiv ngclicknewCertificate.editFlag  newCertificate.editFlag nginitnewCertificate.editFlagfalsegt             ltspan classbtn btndefaultgtAdd Certificateltspangt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pFYI, this is my working code to show when theres certificatep  precode    ltdiv ngrepeatcertificate in user.usercertificatesgt         ltdiv nghidecertificate.editFlaggt             ltstronggtcertificate.titleltstronggtltbr gt             certificate.description         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI want to customize the size of a custom media item in JSQMessagesViewController. I am adding a label to a UIView and trying to set the size by setting the frame size of my container view. p  precodeUIView containerView  [[UIView alloc] initWithFrame CGRectMake0, 0, 100, 100 ] containerView.frame  CGRectMake0.0f, 0.0f, 315.0f, 100.0f UILabel label   [[UILabel alloc] initWithFrame CGRectMake0, 0, 50, 50] label.text  vendor name [containerView addSubviewlabel] codepre  pSetting frame size works for image view but now UIView. Even then, there is a white space for unfilled content in case of image view. Also, I can resize the placeholder for all the views by codemediaViewDisplaySizecode but then I cannot customize each subclass differently. p  pHow do I selectively set the size for placeholderview depending on the subclass p
Negative 63 pIm trying to get my git repository work, but i cant. In my command line im at the reprositorys directory. I gave the bundle install command to get all the gems i need to work, but i cant finish it. It keeps telling me this errorp  precodeUsing bcrypt 3.1.10 Installing debuginspector 0.0.2 with native extensions  GemExtBuildError ERROR Failed to build gem native extension.      CRuby22binruby.exe r .siteconf201507263952czpz5l.rb extcon creating Makefile  make DESTDIR clean  make DESTDIR generating debuginspectori386mingw32.def make  No rule to make target CRuby22includeruby2.2.0ruby.h y debuginspector.o.  Stop.  make failed, exit code 2  Gem files will remain installed in CRuby22librubygems2.2.0gems ector0.0.2 for inspection. Results logged to CRuby22librubygems2.2.0extensionsx86mingw32 uginspector0.0.2gemmake.out An error occurred while installing debuginspector 0.0.2, and Bundle continue. Make sure that gem install debuginspector v 0.0.2 succeeds befor bundling. codepre
Negative 63 pI have a limited knowledge of how Bean registration work in Grails 3.p  pWhat I am trying to do is to register a Servlet bean for ZK inside codeinitpackageApplication.groovycode. The bean is reported to be already registered but I cannot get the mapping URL code.zulcode work. I am not sure whats wrong with the code. Heres what I have in codeApplication.groovycodep  precodeclass Application extends GrailsAutoConfiguration       static void mainString[] args          GrailsApp.runApplication, args           Bean     public ServletRegistrationBean dHtmlLayoutServlet          ServletRegistrationBean reg  new ServletRegistrationBeannew DHtmlLayoutServlet         reg.setLoadOnStartup1         reg.setInitParameters[updateurizkau]         reg.addUrlMappings.zul, .zhtml         reg.setOrderOrdered.HIGHESTPRECEDENCE         return reg           Bean     public ServletRegistrationBean dHtmlUpdateServlet          ServletRegistrationBean reg  new ServletRegistrationBeannew DHtmlUpdateServlet         reg.setLoadOnStartup2         reg.addUrlMappingszkau         reg.setOrderOrdered.HIGHESTPRECEDENCE         return reg        codepre
Negative 63 pIs it necessary  possible to check whether that exact FileSystemAccessRule allowNetworkServiceToWrite already exists prior to calling dirSecurity.AddAccessRulep  precodeforeach string directory in stations.Selects gt s.FolderName      DirectoryInfo dirInfo  new DirectoryInfodirectory     DirectorySecurity dirSecurity  dirInfo.GetAccessControl      var allowNetworkServiceToWrite  new FileSystemAccessRuleNetworkService,         FileSystemRights.Write,         InheritanceFlags.ContainerInherit  InheritanceFlags.ObjectInherit,         PropagationFlags.None,         AccessControlType.Allow      dirSecurity.AddAccessRuleallowNetworkServiceToWrite     dirInfo.SetAccessControldirSecurity  codepre  pIf so, how, please Or is it safe to always even repeatedly just call dirSecurity.AddAccessRulep  pI did see a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryd49cww7fvvs.110.aspx relnofollowon MSDNap  blockquote   pIf an access control list ACL already exists for the specified rule,   the AddAccessRule method will still add the rule, with one exception   a FileSystemAccessRule object created using the Deny enumeration value   supersedes an object created using the Allow enumeration value.p blockquote  pBut is if the fact that the AddAccessRule method will still add the rule a problem Is there a way to check to see if that exact rule currently exists by passing some method my allowNetworkServiceToWrite object and getting a boolean back  or something like thatp
Negative 63 pVisual state does not change when called from DependencyPropertyChanged handler for the first time.p  pThe same visual state works when triggered through a button click or some other event...p  pstrongDependency propertystrongp  precode        public bool IsSelected                      get  return boolGetValueIsSelectedProperty              set  this.SetValueIsSelectedProperty, value                     Using a DependencyProperty as the backing store for IsSelected.  This enables animation, styling, binding, etc...         public static readonly DependencyProperty IsSelectedProperty              DependencyProperty.RegisterIsSelected, typeofbool, typeofNumericTextBlock, new PropertyMetadatanull, OnIsSelectedChanged           ltsummarygt          change event handler, fires when IsSelected property changes          ltsummarygt          ltparam namedgtltparamgt          ltparam nameegtltparamgt         private static void OnIsSelectedChangedDependencyObject d, DependencyPropertyChangedEventArgs e                      NumericTextBlock textBlock  d as NumericTextBlock             if d  null                              bool isSelected  boole.NewValue  false                 if isSelected                                                          VisualStateManager.GoToStatetextBlock, Selected, true                                  else                                      if string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace textBlock.valueTextBlock.Text                                              VisualStateManager.GoToStatetextBlock, Normal, true                                          else                                              VisualStateManager.GoToStatetextBlock, Edit, true                                                             codepre  pstrongSetting IsSelected for the controlstrongp  precodeltcustomNumericTextBlock IsSelectedTruegtltcustomNumericTextBlockgt codepre
Negative 63 pI have got two classes. My first one is called Manager and is dependent to my second class ManageAble. This dependence is made through a generic type which is a classparameter as you can see in the code of Manager  p  precodepublic class ManageAble    private int id  private Managerltgt manager   protected ManageAble      SuppressWarningsunused   used by reflection  private final ltT extends ManageAblegt void constructManagerltTgt pManager,         final Integer pID      manager  pManager     id  pID     SuppressWarningsunused   used by reflection  private final void deconstruct      manager  null     id  1     protected boolean isAttatched      return manager  null     public final ltT extends ManageAblegt ManagerltTgt getManager      if manager  null          try              SuppressWarningsunchecked             ManagerltTgt castedManager  ManagerltTgt manager             return castedManager          catch ClassCastException pCce               returns null                   return null     public final int getID      return id     Override  public String toString      return [  id  ]    manager    codepre  pThe method register of the class Manager will be called in the constructor of the class ManageAble. But for that i need to figure out, if my current object is an instance of a class, which can be used as the parameter pType in the method register. Here is the code of ManagerAblep  precodepublic class ManagerltType extends ManageAblegt    private final MapltInteger, Typegt managed  new HashMapltInteger, Typegt  private final Method construct  getManageAbleMethodconstruct,         new Class[]  Manager.class, Integer.class   private final Method deconstruct  getManageAbleMethoddeconstruct, null   public final boolean isManagingfinal ManageAble pEntity      if pEntity  null          return pEntity.equalsmanaged.getpEntity.getID          return false     public final boolean detatchfinal ManageAble pEntity      if isManagingpEntity          managed.removepEntity.getID         try              Object[] param  null             deconstruct.invokepEntity, param          catch IllegalAccessException  IllegalArgumentException                  InvocationTargetException e               wont happen                  return true          return false     public final synchronized boolean attatchfinal Type pEntity      if pEntity  null         if isManagingpEntity ampamp pEntity.isAttatched              int id  getFreeID             managed.putid, pEntity             try                  construct.invokepEntity, new Object[]  this, id               catch IllegalAccessException  IllegalArgumentException                      InvocationTargetException e                   wont happen                          return true              return false     private final int getFreeID      int id  0     SetltIntegergt idsInUse  managed.keySet     while idsInUse.containsid         id     return id     private final Method getManageAbleMethodfinal String pMethodName,         final Classltgt[] pParam      try          Method m  ManageAble.class.getDeclaredMethodpMethodName, pParam         m.setAccessibletrue         return m      catch NoSuchMethodException  SecurityException e          return null         codepre  pAs you can see, at the place where i insterted the comment instead of a generic type parameter, I dont know how to force the parameter to be the class which defines the constructor.  p  pIs there any way to access the generic type of the current class inside its superclassp  pThanks for help p  pEDIT I Updated the code to what i got so far. I solved my problem more or less by ugly trycatch and reflection... Any better ideasp
Negative 63 pi install turbo c in my windows 7  so when i install in c directory and also i set environment variable like this p  precodecturboc4tcbin codepre  pand also i set command in turbo blue windows like that optionsdirectoriesand setp  precode cturboc4tcinclude cturboc4tclib codepre  pnow when i open cmd and enter codetcc CTurboC4TCBINhello.ccode and then i enter codehello.ccode error occur p  precodeUnable to open include file stdio.h codepre  pimage file a hrefhttpi.imgur.comP7me15A.png relnofollowimageap  pIMAGE 2 BULUE SCREEN a hrefhttpi.imgur.comCH5WcGj.png relnofollowBLUE SCREEN IMAGEap  pany helpp
Negative 63 pFrom a lot of searching, I found that using codefbmessengeruserthreadIDcode can be used to deep link to Messenger and open the existing thread with the passed in FB ID or start a new thread if not existent. p  pIt pops over to Messenger and opens a thread, but the thread is with codeFacebook Usercode and doesnt actually send. See image below. Clicking Facebook User in the header goes to a detail view with the correct users image and name. p  pHow do I make this work correctly p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comZrX0L.pngimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZrX0L.png altap
Negative 63 pI need a border to my textfield like the following image.how can i do thatp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comrH9M8.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comrH9M8.png altenter image description hereap
Negative 63 pI have this sitep  pa hrefhttpbagel.dgsite.combagel relnofollowlinkap  pAt the bottom there are two images, unfortunately these images can not be seen completely.p  pYou can open the original image in a new tab to see exactly how it looks.p  pTo me it sees about 90 of imagep  pstrongCODE HTMLstrongp  precodeltdiv classentrycontent styleheight 391pxgt         ltdiv classsusgtltdivgt         ltdiv classjosgtltdivgt         ltdiv classjos2gtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pstrongCODE CSSstrongp  precode.sus   width100   height 60   positionabsolute   top0   backgroundurlhttpbagel.dgsite.combagelwpcontentuploads201507BANNER300x215.png norepeat center center B03D3D   backgroundsizecover   .jos   width 50   height 40   positionabsolute   bottom0   backgroundurlhttpbagel.dgsite.combagelwpcontentuploads201507NEWS2300x246.png norepeat center center B03D3D   backgroundsize cover   .jos2   width 50   height 40   positionabsolute   bottom0   right0   backgroundurlhttpbagel.dgsite.combagelwpcontentuploads201507NEWS1300x246.png norepeat center center B03D3D   backgroundsize cover  codepre  pSo I thought to do pictures ... you tell me please what is wrong and how to fix the situation so the image to see fullp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 63 pI am current changing a website to use Bootstrap and I have been advised that they want to use the codenavbarinverse navbarfixedtopcode main menu.p  pThe thing is I cant figure out how to highlight the selected page and keep it highlighted.p  pI have tried the follow Jquery but I cant get none of them workingp  precode function      nav li a.clickfunction         nav li.removeClass        this.attrhref.addClassactive        codepre  pMy HTML for my menu isp  precode    ltdiv classnavbar navbarinverse navbarfixedtopgt         ltdiv classcontainergt             ltdiv classnavbarheadergt                 ltbutton typebutton classnavbartoggle datatogglecollapse datatarget.navbarcollapsegt                     ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                     ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                     ltspan classiconbargtltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 lta classnavbarbrand runatserver hrefgtLogo Hereltagt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classnavbarcollapse collapsegt                 ltul classnav navbarnavgt                     ltligtlta runatserver hrefgtltspan classglyphicon glyphiconhomegtltspangtltagtltligt                     ltli styleborderleft 1px solid lightgraygtlta runatserver hrefAboutgtAboutltagtltligt                     ltli styleborderleft 1px solid lightgraygtlta runatserver hrefSessionpg1gtSessionltagtltligt                     ltli styleborderleft 1px solid lightgraygtlta runatserver hrefEmailPggtEmailltagtltligt                 ltulgt                 ltaspLoginView runatserver ViewStateModeDisabledgt                     ltAnonymousTemplategt                         ltul classnav navbarnav navbarrightgt                             ltligtlta runatserver hrefContactgtContact usltagtltligt                         ltulgt                     ltAnonymousTemplategt                 ltaspLoginViewgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt codepre  pI would prefer if its possible to do it with CSS or Jquery but I was also a little confused as, do I add the Jquery to every page OR can I add one lot to my Site.Master filep
Negative 63 pheres my problem I need to print a matrix with gnuplot which has negative and positive entries but is very VERY sparse, so I want the white color to be associated with zeros. Is there any way in which this can be done maybe starting from pm3d Thank youp
Negative 63 pIve renamed an include file and Id like to replace all references to it in my code, all files are in the same directory.p  pAfter researching several websites, I keep getting errors when I try the following however it seems to work for others, maybe because Im using Mac OS Xp  precodegrep rl oldfile.php .  xargs sed i soldfile.phpnewfile.phpg codepre  pI seem to get an error relating to the first grep matched filep  blockquote   psed 1 .somefile.php invalid command code .p blockquote  pIve tried various forms of escaping the . [.] and . neither seem to work.p  pAny helpful suggestions are most welcomep
Negative 63 pNot sure if this is best for Stackoverflow or Superuser since it pretty much applies to both...p  pIm running Lubuntu and I want to create a Windowslike start menu search for the LXDE desktop menu. As with Windows, after an item has been found, I want to be able to launch it. p  pThe LXDE menu system works with .desktop files, so my code performs the following command using codeRuntime.execcode to start up the programsp  precodegtklaunch lt.desktop filename without extensiongt codepre  pThis runs great for 99 of the time. Unfortunately I cannot figure out why that other 1 refuses to launch. One of these applications is TeamViewer. Now here comes the strange part When I run the command codegtklaunch teamviewerteamviewer10code in a terminal, it works great, but if I run the same command through codeRuntime.execcode, it does not start, but it does not give me any error messages either.p  pHere is my codep  precodeProcess p  Runtime.getRuntime.execnew String[]  gtklaunch, teamviewerteamviewer10  p.waitFor codepre  pDo I have to modify the codegtklaunchcode command or is there something wrong with my code Note Almost all other programs launch just fine.p
Negative 63 pIm working on an Android app that connects to an Openfire server using the Smack library. I have an activity that calls an AsyncTask from the onStart method to retrieve information and add it to the UI. p  pThe AsyncTask will use the getHostedRooms method from the Smack MultiUserManager class, loop through each room and get the JID value and the subject string from the room, adding that information to a hash map. That hash map is then returned to the main thread in the onPostExecute method.p  pThe problem I have is that the async task often does not provide all the correct values. For example, there are three rooms, often it will only return information for one or two, sometimes sending null instead of the subject string.p  pWhen I debug the code and go through it step by step, it works every time, so I think the problem is that the asynctask is not being allowed to call every step in the loop before it returns when running at full speed. p  pIs there any way that I can ensure that the async task is allowed to complete and return as expected I have looked at the asynctask.get method, but this appears to block the UI thread. Ive copied the AsyncTask below, please let me know if you need more informationp  pEdit Just to clarify, all key values being entered into the hash map are different each timep  precodeprivate class GetChatRoomData extends AsyncTaskltVoid, Void, HashMapltString, Stringgtgt      private Context context     private String username, password, returnMessage     private XMPPTCPConnection connection     private GetSubjectsCallBack callBack      private GetChatRoomDataUser user, GetSubjectsCallBack callBack, Context context          this.context  context         this.callBack  callBack         username  user.getUsername password  user.getPassword         returnMessage  Subjects found           Override     protected void onPreExecute          super.onPreExecute         progressDialog.show           Override     protected HashMapltString, Stringgt doInBackgroundVoid... params          XMPPTCPConnectionConfiguration config  XMPPTCPConnectionConfiguration.builder                 .setUsernameAndPasswordusername, password                 .setServiceNamemyservicename                 .setHost10.0.2.2                 .setPort5222.setSecurityModeConnectionConfiguration.SecurityMode.disabled                 .build          HashMapltString, Stringgt returnmap  new HashMapltString, Stringgt          try              connection  new XMPPTCPConnectionconfig             connection.setPacketReplyTimeout10000             connection.connect             connection.loginusername, password              MultiUserChatManager manager  MultiUserChatManager.getInstanceForconnection             ListltHostedRoomgt list  manager.getHostedRoomsmyservicename              iflist.size  0                  for HostedRoom room  list                      String jid  room.getJid                     MultiUserChat tempMuc                              manager.getMultiUserChatjid                     if tempMuc.isJoined                          tempMuc.joinusername                                          String subject  tempMuc.getSubject                     returnmap.putsubject, jid                               else                  returnMessage  No topics created yet                           connection.disconnect           catch Exception e              returnMessage  Could not connect                       return returnmap           Override     protected void onPostExecuteHashMapltString, Stringgt map          progressDialog.dismiss         callBack.donereturnMessage, map         super.onPostExecutemap       codepre
Negative 63 pI have found this a hrefhttpsgithub.comkbastanispringcloudmicroserviceexample relnofollowexamplea about springcloud on GitHub a few days ago.p  pI am having some problems getting the config service example working. I dont know how to use codeconfigmicroservicecode correctly.p  pa hrefhttpwww.kennybastani.com201507springclouddockermicroservices.htmlmkttok3RkMMJWWfF9wsRonuqTMZKXonjHpfsX57ukoWaC0lMI2F0ER3fOvrPUfGjI4ATcdqI2BSLDwEYGJlv6SgFQ7LMMaZq1rgMXBk3D relnofollowin this bloga,it said configurations for your microservice applications should be stored in the environment and not in the project.p  pBut Im not sure how to do this. I dont know how one of the microservices, for instance a codemoviemicroservicecode Spring Boot application gets a config file from codeconfigservicecode.p
Negative 63 pI want to achieve something very specific. It is hard to describe in words so here are some mockups..p  pCurrent stage I have a UITextView which has autolayout constraints set to be as wide as the parent container.  a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comkbELS.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkbELS.png altLeft aligned textap  pWhat I want to achieve I would like to horizontally center the contents in the UITextView, so that they appear in center but are still left aligned a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comHlSUj.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHlSUj.png altContent centered but left aligned textap  pMost solutions rely on TextAlignCenter option to center the text horizontally, however this is not something that I want as it will appear as such instead a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comeY7cc.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comeY7cc.png altCentered aligned textap  pAny way to achieve thisp  pIve tried the belowp  ol litextview.sizeToFit seems to adjust the height but not the widthli litextview.contentOffset does not seem to workli liRemoving the constraints in autolayout and use Editor  Fix all in scope seems to work on UIButtons but not UITextView..li ol  pThe reason I want to do this is although it is not noticable on iPhones, on iPads if the text are short they appear all the way to the left, which is very far from my other interactable buttons in my app.p
Negative 63 pI came across a technique of getting Channel State Information CSI via Intel Wireless 5300 adapter under Ubuntu Linux system. Linka hrefhttpdhalperi.github.iolinux80211ncsitool relnofollowhttpdhalperi.github.iolinux80211ncsitoola. While being able to run a Linux system using a micro SD card as well as inserting a fulllength wireless adapter, is Galileo able to get CSI also Is there anyone working on this direction I would be thrilled if so. p  pPS I am not sure if it is specific enough. If not, Please advise.p  pThanks, Biyip
Negative 63 pI would like to style my edit text field like the following in the easiet way.p  pThere seems to be multiple methods of doing it that includes styling the theme. I just want to get it done whatever the method is.p  pCan someone please point me to the right directionp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.coms3cCZ.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.coms3cCZ.jpg altenter image description hereap
Negative 63 pI am at my wits end with this issue, I have been trying to figure it out for about a week now so I hope someone can tell me what im doing wrong. I am writing an LDAP application using activeldap but I can not seem to get the LDAP modify method to work correctly.p  pI am locating the user with the modify partial and then passing the params into the controller to load the instance variable for another form so I can viewedit the users profile.p  pstrongzionusersmodify.html.hamlstrongp  precode simpleformfor modifyentry, url gt modifyentryzionuserspath, method gt post, html gt  class gt formhorizontal  do f    f.errornotification    .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label un, Username     .controls        f.select un, optionsforselectZionUser.formarray.sort, includeblank true    .controlgroup     .controls        f.submit Search, class gt btn btnprimary        linkto Cancel, zionuserspath, class gt btn btndanger, datanoturbolink gt true codepre  pstrongzionuserscontroller.rbstrongp  precode  def modifyuser     values  params[modifyentry]     modifyuser  ZionUser.modifyuservalues[cn],values[gidnumber],values[shadowlastchange],values[uid],values[loginshell],values[sn],values[gecos],values[homedirectory],values[uidnumber]      if modifyuser       redirectto back, flash gt  success gt Zion user was successfully changed     else       redirectto back,  flash gt  error gt ERROR Zion user was NOT created because the username already exists     end   end    def modifyentry     values  params[modifyentry]     zionusers  ZionUser.findvalues[un]   end codepre  pstrongzionusersmodifyentry.html.hamlstrongp  precode simpleformfor modifyuser, url gt urlforcontroller gt zionusers, action gt modifyuser, method gt post, html gt  class gt formhorizontal  do f    f.errornotification    dl.dlhorizontal     dt       dn     dd        zionusers.dn    .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label uidnumber, uidnumber     .controls        f.inputfield uidnumber, value gt zionusers.uidnumber, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label uid, uid     .controls        f.inputfield uid, value gt zionusers.uid, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label cn, cn     .controls        f.inputfield cn, value gt zionusers.cn, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label sn, sn     .controls        f.inputfield sn, value gt zionusers.sn, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label gidnumber, gidnumber     .controls        f.inputfield gidnumber, value gt zionusers.gidnumber, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label loginshell, loginshell     .controls        f.inputfield loginshell, value gt zionusers.loginshell, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label homedirectory, homedirectory     .controls        f.inputfield homedirectory, value gt zionusers.homedirectory, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label gecos, gecos     .controls        f.inputfield gecos, value gt zionusers.gecos, label gt false, class gt required   .controlgroup     .controllabel        f.label shadowlastchange, shadowlastchange     .controls        f.inputfield shadowlastchange, value gt zionusers.shadowlastchange, label gt false, class gt required    .controlgroup     .controls        f.submit Submit, class gt btn btnprimary        linkto Cancel, zionuserspath, class gt btn btndanger, datanoturbolink gt true codepre  pstrongroutes.rbstrongp  precode  resources zionusers do     match delete, on gt collection, via gt [get, post]     match password, on gt collection, via gt [get, post]     match modify, on gt collection, via gt [get, post]     match modifyentry, on gt collection, via gt [get, post]     match modifyuser, on gt collection, via gt [get, post]   end codepre  pNow here is where I get lost. I get the form loaded with the users profile as expected but when submitting this form I get this error and I dont understand what it is trying to tell me. The request parameter hash looks good and it is going to the correct action, the controller method ZionUser.modifyuser is defined in the model and I have confirmed it is working correctly. Any help would be appreciated.p  precodeStarted POST zionusersmodifyuser for 127.0.0.1 at 20150811 113148 0600 Processing by ZionUsersControllermodifyuser as HTML   Parameters utf8gt, authenticitytokengttPEW3wVD367iJCKsLeSAflWJ0Z6ROCzFhusW6FRhyVg8bx4nHGx6SG9QJUyGpNfauRSeMqy5SO4OyTEqR9ybQg, modifyusergtuidnumbergt1237, uidgtabby.brown, cngtabby.brown, sngtabby.brown, gidnumbergt100, loginshellgtbinbash, homedirectorygtoptltspusersabby.brown, gecosgtltsp, shadowlastchangegt15096, commitgtSubmit   User Load 0.2ms  SELECT  users. FROM users WHERE users.id    ORDER BY users.id ASC LIMIT 1  [[id, 1]] Completed 500 Internal Server Error in 23ms ActiveRecord 1.0ms  NoMethodError  undefined method [] for nilNilClass codepre  ul liI changed my controller method as suggested belowli ul  pre   def modifyuser     values  params[modifyuser]     modifyuser  ZionUser.modifyuservalues[cn],values[gidnumber],values[shadowlastchange],values[uid],values[loginshell],values[sn],values[gecos],values[homedirectory],values[uidnumber]      if modifyuser       redirectto back, flash   success  Zion user was successfully changed     else       redirectto back,  flash   error  ERROR Zion user was NOT created because the username already exists     end   end pre  ul lihere is the log showing a redirect to the wrong controller action a hrefhttplocalhost3000zionusersmodifyentry relnofollowhttplocalhost3000zionusersmodifyentryali ul  pre Started POST zionusersmodifyuser for 127.0.0.1 at 20150811 124001 0600 Processing by ZionUsersControllermodifyuser as HTML   Parameters utf8, authenticitytoken3NCseVnbPVag0gwRkNc4CVMcMFwN48H48Mn3MGD8rmhUTqSBQPSYsC2mCE7l2tv4F8DBipdN469Dyc0H8cg, modifyuseruidnumber1237, uidabby.brown, cnabby.brown, snabby.brown, gidnumber100, loginshellbinsh, homedirectoryoptltspusersabby.brown, gecosltsp, shadowlastchange15096, commitSubmit   User Load 0.4ms  SELECT  users. FROM users WHERE users.id    ORDER BY users.id ASC LIMIT 1  [[id, 1]]   LDAP searchfull 9.3ms baseoupeople,dczion,dcin, scopesub, filteruidabby.brownobjectClasstop, attributes[, objectClass], limit1 Redirected to httplocalhost3000zionusersmodifyentry Completed 302 Found in 23ms ActiveRecord 0.4ms   Started GET zionusersmodifyentry for 127.0.0.1 at 20150811 124001 0600 Processing by ZionUsersControllermodifyentry as HTML   User Load 0.2ms  SELECT  users. FROM users WHERE users.id    ORDER BY users.id ASC LIMIT 1  [[id, 1]] Completed 500 Internal Server Error in 3ms ActiveRecord 0.2ms  NoMethodError  undefined method [] for nilNilClass   appcontrollerszionuserscontroller.rb54in modifyentry   actionpack 4.2.3 libactioncontrollermetalimplicitrender.rb4in sendaction pre
Negative 63 pI am using the .Net SDK for AWS.p  pI want to put a file into S3 and make its content readable by public, I see that I can use the Grants property in order to do this, however I cant find the value inputs in the online documentation for some of the fields.p  precodevar request  new PutObjectRequest  BucketName  somebucket, Key  fileName, FilePath  filePath, StorageClass  new S3StorageClassREDUCEDREDUNDANCY, ContentType  textcsv, Grants  new ListltS3Grantgt  new S3Grant  Grantee  new S3Grantee  CanonicalUser  Everyone, DisplayName  Everyone , Permission  new S3Permissionopendownload  codepre  pIn the above requestp  p1 The grantee Everyone is just my guess, what should be the valid value therep  p2 For S3Permission what is the valid value equivalent to my guess of opendownloadp  pI understand I have to make list permission open to public at the bucket level as well, I can do everything via the console, I just cant seem to find the valid API request parameters.p
Negative 63 pI have an issue with user mapping while using NFS export from NetApp and trying to mount it on a windows using the NFS client feature.p  pI have a qtree exported from the NetApp using NFS and I installed the NFS client on Windows via server manager  roles  file server. I am able to mount, read and write as anonymous user  the problem is in the user mapping.p  pI tried to add to the registry at HKLMSoftwareMicrosoftClientForNFSCurrentVersionDefault the two DWOD values AnonymousUid and AnonymousGid and gave them the desired UID and GID in decimal form and restarted the service.p  pWhile this trick worked fine on an NFS export which I exported on my RHEL 6.3 and also on a 7 mode NetApp but it seems the thing doesnt work the same here.p  pSomehow when I used shownount e on the RHEL or 7 mode it showed the exports and when I tried on the clustered ONTAP vserver it only shows the  and even though the mount command completes successfully when writing the pathp  pAny suggestionsp  pDetails Client is windows server 2008 R2 x64 bit program services for NFS Server is NetApp clustered ONTAP 8.2.3p4p  pEdit I also tried usermapping at server side using both vserver namemapping winunix  to  index 1. And added a rule to the exportpolicy 10.0.0.1 I changed the IP for security reasons User is to which anonymous users are mapped to 1000p  pAny thoughtsp
Negative 63 pIm trying to get PhAsset object. I want to segregate iCloud assets. Here is my code,p  precodePHFetchResult cloudAlbums  [PHAssetCollection fetchAssetCollectionsWithTypePHAssetCollectionTypeAlbum subtypePHAssetCollectionSubtypeAny optionsnil]  [cloudAlbums enumerateObjectsUsingBlockPHAssetCollection collection, NSUInteger idx, BOOL stop     ifcollection  nil          PHFetchResult result  [PHAsset fetchAssetsInAssetCollectioncollection optionsfetchOptions]         [result enumerateObjectsUsingBlockPHAsset asset, NSUInteger idx, BOOL stop                        check asset is iCloud asset            ]       ] codepre  pPlease tell me how to find the PHAsset is iCloud assetp
Negative 63 pI have a page where I dynamically load contents. Inside the codedocument.readycode I have similar event handlersp  precodedocument.onclick, .contentbutton, functione     e.preventDefault     e.stopPropagation      content  codepre  pThe problem is that the mouse click only recognised at around 90 of the clicks. It seems totally random. At other times I have to push the same button 45 times, and then it works. I have no error in the console, even the CSS part works every timep  precodediv.contentbuttonactive      top 2px  codepre  pI cant seem to find a solution. I use jQuery 1.11, it works like this on Win10, Win7, inside Firefox, and even on iPad or Android.p  pDo you have any ideas about what can be the problemp  pstrongEditstrongp  pcodedata.controlcode contains the code.contentbuttoncode divs buttons in HTML.p  pAnd here is the part, which loads the buttonsp  precode    .ajax         url    worker.php,         async  false,         cache  false,         type   POST,         data      actionupdate   ,         dataType json,         successfunctiondata                      ifdata.actionresult  1                                              divcontainer.hideslide,  direction down , 500                         divcontainer.promise.donefunction                              divcontainer.htmldata.control                             divcontainer.show                                                                                       else                                               handle error                                            codepre
Negative 63 pWith Android M Google has deprecated support for http library. To support existing applications use this library they have documented that using GRADLE build we can add support to http library by using following parameter.p  precodeandroid    useLibrary org.apache.http.legacy     codepre  pHow can we achieve the same in Eclipse environment using ant build p
Negative 63 pI am told to make a shopping cart website using bootstrap with the images of products positioned in two rows and with three panels in each rowbr  Although here i have coded for only one panel with the image within it,the main problem that I am facing is to adjust the position of panel which is always appearing on the top of the page.br  I tried to enclose it in a div with id posi and then tried to position it using  but it didnt work so please help.Further the image is appearing too big so what is  the best method to resize it so that the image responsiveness remains intact.I also have another question which is written in my code snippetas a comment if anybody knows the answer of that kindly help. p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltDOCTYPE HTMLgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegt Web page lttitlegt ltmeta charsetutf8gt ltlink relstylesheet hrefhttpmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.5cssbootstrap.min.cssgt ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.3jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.5jsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltstylegt posi  positionabsolute top100px right50px  ltstylegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idposigt ltdiv classcontainergt ltdiv classrow gt ltdiv classcolmd3 colmd6 gtltAlthough I have used this colmd3 colmd6 but I also want to know  what happens when we specify two column definitions in a single class like thisgt ltdiv classpanel paneldefault gt ltdiv classpanelheading panelprimarygt Iphone 6 ltdivgt ltdiv classpanelbodygt ltimg srchttpstore.storeimages.cdnapple.com4711asimages.apple.comisimageAppleIncaospublishedimagesiphiphone6plusiphone6plusboxgold2014wid478amphei595ampfmtjpegampqlt95ampopsharpen0ampresModebicubampopusm0.5,0.5,0,0ampiccEmbed0amplayercompamp.v1411520675923 classimgresponsive gt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgtcodepre div div p
Negative 63 pI am trying to create several step definitions classes for several features. It is my project structurep  precode.  CucumberPOC.iml  src      test          CucumberRunner.java          features              CheeseStepDefinition.java              StepDefinition.java              cheese.feature              myfeature.feature codepre  pIt is the CucumberRunner.java classp  precodepackage test  import cucumber.api.CucumberOptions import cucumber.api.junit.Cucumber import org.junit.runner.RunWith  RunWithCucumber.class CucumberOptions         format   pretty, jsontargetcucumber.js,         features   srctest   public class CucumberRunner   codepre  pThere are two to step definitions classes. When I run cheese.feature I got the errorp  precodeLibraryJavaJavaVirtualMachinesjdk1.8.060.jdkContentsHomebinjava ... Testing started at 926 AM ...  Undefined step Given  I go to google  Undefined step When  I ask for cheese  Undefined step Then  I should see many offers   1 scenario 0 passed   3 steps 0 passed   1 Scenarios 1 undefined 3 Steps 3 undefined 0m0.000s   You can implement missing steps with the snippets below  GivenI go to google public void Igotogoogle throws Throwable       Express the Regexp above with the code you wish you had     throw new PendingException   WhenI ask for cheese public void Iaskforcheese throws Throwable       Express the Regexp above with the code you wish you had     throw new PendingException   ThenI should see many offers public void Ishouldseemanyoffers throws Throwable       Express the Regexp above with the code you wish you had     throw new PendingException    Process finished with exit code 0 codepre  pBut the steps are defined in CheeseStepDefinitionp  precodepackage test.features  import cucumber.api.java.en.Given import cucumber.api.java.en.Then import cucumber.api.java.en.When import org.openqa.selenium.By import org.openqa.selenium.WebDriver import org.openqa.selenium.WebElement import org.openqa.selenium.htmlunit.HtmlUnitDriver  public class CheeseStepDefinition       WebDriver driver  null      GivenI go to google     public void Igotogoogle throws Throwable          driver  new HtmlUnitDriver         driver.gethttpwww.google.com           WhenI ask for cheese     public void Iaskforcheese throws Throwable          WebElement search  driver.findElementBy.nameq         search.sendKeyscheese         search.submit           ThenI should see many offers     public void Ishouldseemanyoffers throws Throwable          System.out.printlndriver.getTitle         driver.close       codepre  pSo I dont know why the cucumber java doesnt see it step definition. Do I need to do any other configuration I run the myfeature.feature and everything is ok.p  h3Tools Info.h3  pI am using this jarsp  precode.  cucumbercore1.1.5.jar  cucumberhtml0.2.3.jar  cucumberjava1.1.5.jar  cucumberjunit1.1.5.jar  cucumberjvmdeps1.0.5.jar  gherkin2.12.1.jar  hamcrestall1.3.jar  jsoup1.8.3.jar  junit4.12.jar  seleniumserverstandalone2.47.1.jar codepre  pThe IDE is Intellij 14.1 Community, on Mac. p  pIf you need any other information, let me know. p
Negative 63 pI created a module a few minutes ago to pull information from a RSS feed and display it in the admin panels notification inbox and toolbar thats right below the admin menu.p  pThis works perfectly, but unfortunately it doesnt load new messages when I refresh. I have to flush Magentos cache and then refresh for it to load the new messages.p  pI would like to disable cache for the notifications moduleblock, so all new messages can be loaded each time the page is loaded.p  pI tried this line of code but it didnt seem to workp  precodeltreference namenotificationtoolbargt     ltaction methodsetCacheLifetimegtltsgt0ltsgtltactiongt ltreferencegt codepre  pCan someone please advise me on how to disable the cache from this moduleblock.p  pthanks.p
Negative 63 pI want to be able to target certain productpages with CSS based on the SKU of the product they have on. Therefore I need to add the SKU as a body class for all Woocommerce products. How would I accomplish thisp
Negative 63 pVery tricky thing. Tag img has src like appcontextpathimg.png. IE9 shows red cross on that. But, if I put full path to image to address bar like a hrefhttpipappcontextpathimg.pnghttpipappcontextpathimg.pnga, IE9 goes to the right image. And after that if I refresh page with image, it appears and keeps appering every time until rebooting the system.p
Negative 63 pI am using codetypeaheadcode on an codeinputcode element as followsp  precodeltform ngcontroller  emailViewControllergt    ltinput typetext placeholderTo ngmodel  select typeahead  toPerson for toPerson in to  filterviewValue stylewidth95gtltbr gt    ltinput typetext placeholderSubject stylewidth95gtltbr gt    lttextarea stylewidth95 rows10gtlttextareagt ltformgt codepre  pThis is the codeemailViewControllercode, which is making a call to codefetchDataServicecode to get the codeemailscode data.p  precodefetchDataService.getContenturl    .thenfunctionresponse       scope.emails  response.data       scope.to  []        angular.forEachscope.emails, functionkey, value           scope.to.pushkey.to               scope.loadEmailsPrimary  codepre  pI have trouble figuring out how to get codetypeaheadcode to work. p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pcodetypeaheadcode was not working because I wasnt referencing codeui.bootstrapcode correctly. The following code works perfectly.p  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt lthead langengt     ltmeta charsetUTF8gt     lttitlegtGmail Applttitlegt     ltstylegt         body              margin 10px             padding 50px              ltstylegt      ltlink relstylesheet hrefContentcssbootstrap.min.cssgt     ltlink relstylesheet hrefContentcssbootstraptheme.min.cssgt      ltscript srcVendorjquery1.11.3.min.jsgtltscriptgt      ltscript srcVendorbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt      ltscript srcVendorangular.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript srcVendorangularuirouter.min.jsgtltscriptgt      ltscript srchttpscdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibstypeahead.js0.11.1bloodhound.jsgtltscriptgt     ltscript src  httpscdnjs.cloudflare.comajaxlibsangularuibootstrap0.13.3uibootstraptpls.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbody ngappiisEmailgt ltdiv classcontainer ngcontrollermainControllergt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcolsm3 colmd2gt             ltdiv classbtngroupgt                 ltbutton typebutton classbtn dropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngt                     Email ltspan classcaretgtltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenugt                     ltligtlta hrefgtMailltagtltligt                     ltligtlta hrefgtContactsltagtltligt                     ltli ngclickloadViewsettingsgtlta hrefgtSettingsltagtltligt                 ltulgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classcolsm9 colmd10gt             lt split button gt             ltdiv classbtngroupgt                 ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefaultgt                     ltdiv classcheckbox stylemargin 0gt                         ltlabelgt                             ltinput typecheckbox                                    ngclickselectAllEmail                                    ngmodelcheckAllEmailgt                         ltlabelgt                     ltdivgt                 ltbuttongt              ltdivgt             ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault datatoggletooltip titleRefreshgt                 ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconrefreshgtltspangt             ltbuttongt             lt Single button gt             ltdiv classbtngroupgt                 ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault dropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngt                     More ltspan classcaretgtltspangt                 ltbuttongt                 ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenugt                     ltligtlta hrefgtMark all as readltagtltligt                     ltli classdividergtltligt                     ltli classtextcentergtltsmall classtextmutedgtSelect messages to see more actionsltsmallgtltligt                 ltulgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classpullrightgt                 ltspan classtextmutedgtltbgt1ltbgtltbgt50ltbgt of ltbgt277ltbgtltspangt                 ltdiv classbtngroup btngroupsmgt                     ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefaultgt                         ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconchevronleftgtltspangt                     ltbuttongt                     ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefaultgt                         ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconchevronrightgtltspangt                     ltbuttongt                 ltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     lthrgt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcolsm3 colmd2gt             lta href classbtn btndanger btnsm btnblock rolebutton ngclickcomposeEmailgtCOMPOSEltagt             lthrgt             ltul classnav navpills navstackedgt                 ltli class ngrepeatitem in leftMenugt                     lta hrefgtltspan classbadge pullrightgtitem.emailCountltspangt item.name ltagt                 ltligt                 ltltligtlta hrefgtStarredltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtImportantltagtltligt                 ltligtlta hrefgtSent Mailltagtltligt                 ltligtgt             ltulgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classcolsm9 colmd10gt             lt Nav tabs gt             ltul classnav navtabsgt                 ltli classactivegtlta href datatoggletab ngclickloadEmailsPrimarygt                     ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconinboxgt                     ltspangtPrimaryltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href datatoggletab ngclickloadEmailsSocialgt                     ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconusergtltspangt                     Socialltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href datatoggletab ngclickloadEmailsPromotionsgt                     ltspan classglyphicon glyphicontagsgtltspangt                     Promotionsltagtltligt                 ltligtlta href datatoggletabgt                     ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconplus nomargingt                     ltspangtltagtltligt             ltulgt             lt Tab panes gt             ltdiv classtabcontentgt                 ltdiv uiviewgtltdivgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classmodalgt         ltdiv classmodalheadergt             ltbutton typebutton classclosegtltbuttongt             lth3gtCompose Emaillth3gt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classmodalbodygt             ltform ngcontroller  emailViewControllergt                 ltinput typetext placeholderTo ngmodelselect typeaheadtoPerson for toPerson in to  filterviewValue stylewidth95gtltbr gt                 ltinput typetext placeholderSubject stylewidth95gtltbr gt                 lttextarea stylewidth95 rows10gtlttextareagt             ltformgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classmodalfootergt             lta href classbtngtCloseltagt             lta href classbtn btnprimarygtSendltagt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt ltscript srcappmain.jsgtltscriptgt ltServicesgt ltscript srcappservicescommonApiService.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcappservicesfetchDataService.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcappfiltersemailFilter.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcappcontrollersmainController.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcappcontrollerssettingsController.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcappcontrollersemailViewController.jsgtltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pcodemain.jscode  Module codeiisEmailcode is defined here.p  precodevar app  angular.moduleiisEmail,[ui.router, ui.bootstrap]  app.config[stateProvider,urlRouterProvider,     functionstateProvider,urlRouterProvider          urlRouterProvider.otherwise         var primary               nameprimary,             url,             templateUrlapppartialsemailView.html             controlleremailViewCtrl                  var settings              namesettings,             url,             templateUrlapppartialssettings.html             controlleremailViewCtrl                  stateProvider.statedefault,primary         stateProvider.statesettings,settings     ] codepre
Negative 63 pI need to show a ranking lists for a sport we manage. p  pIt needs to sum up the 4 best results for each player from a table that could have hundreds of results per player and then sort the entire list from the player with the most points to least points.p  pThe query below returns p  blockquote   pERROR 1054 42S22 Unknown column r1.userid in where clausep blockquote  pso Ive gone off track somewhere.p  precodeSELECT r1.userid,      SELECT SUMpoints     FROM          SELECT          FROM rankingmatrixpoints r2         WHERE useridr1.userid         ORDER BY points DESC         LIMIT 4      r3  AS totalpoints FROM rankingmatrixpoints r1 WHERE     user.status INactive GROUP BY r1.userid ORDER BY totalpoints DESC codepre
Negative 63 pI have a text which looks like thisp  precodelta hreftrack867059 itempropurl classevtclick datatargettrackgt                             ltspan itempropnamegtFeel So Good ltspangt                         ltagt                         ltspan classfeaturing datatargetfeaturinggtltspangt                     ltdivgt                 lttdgt                 lttd classartistgt                     ltdiv classwrapper ellipsisgt                         lta classevtclick hrefartist7 datatargetartist itempropbyArtistgtJamiroquailtagt                     ltdivgt                 lttdgt                 lttd classalbumgt                     ltdiv classwrapper ellipsisgt                         lta classevtclick hrefalbum98952 itempropinAlbum datatargetalbum gtA Funk Odysseyltagt                     ltdivgt                 lttdgt                 lttd classlengthgt                     ltdiv classwrapper datatargetlengthgtltdivgt                 lttdgt                 lttd classpopularity titleBy popularity7.85  10gt                     ltspan classnote datatargetnotegtltspangt                 lttdgt                 lttd classaddedgt                     ltdiv classwrapper ellipsis timestamp datatargetaddedgt                         0523 codepre  pand I want to get the code0523code at the end of the text. I tried these two patterns but they both failed.p  precoded2d2 datatargetaddedgt. codepre  pWhat would the right pattern for this bep
Negative 63 pI need to validate the response of JSON Schema returned from Restful APIs. Can an y one help me to achieve the same in Jmeter. I have referred to the post a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11972130jmeterassertiontovalidatejsonschemajmeter assertion to validate json schemaa but not able to get a clear picture to achieve the same.p
Negative 63 pI am trying to run through the data on a web page, and then present it in Excel for easier reading, and that the data changes each day its an application feed compiled overnight.  I am using VBA, with MS HTML and and MS Internet Controls, using p  pHTMLp  precodeltSPAN idelementnamegtTHIS DATA I WANTltSPANgt codepre  pVBAp  precodeset elehtmlDoc.getElementByIDelementname clsApplication.whatevertrimele.innerHTML codepre  pThis has works fine, however, it innerHTML returns nothing when the HTML is like sop  precodeltSPAN idelementnamegtlth2gtElement 1lth2gtlth3gtElement 1 datalth3gtTHIS DATA I WANTltSPANgt codepre  pcodeele.getElementsByTagNameh2.lengthcode returns 0p  pI understand that its not the same as the earlier example, but cant seem to get at the data.p  pCan anyone advisep  pMany thanksp
Negative 63 pHeres my start action hook.p  precodehelloworld binbash cd OPENSHIFTREPODIR mvn package s OPENSHIFTDATADIRsettings.xml DskipTeststrue U nohup java jar target.jar server.portOPENSHIFTDIYPORT server.addressOPENSHIFTDIYIP amp codepre  pOnce the build is finished. Im expecting it to run the jar that I have specified. but to my surprise this is the result. p  pIt did not display any status if the application launch, or the banner that I have inside my application. p  pHeres the resultp  precoderemote [INFO] remote [INFO]  springbootmavenplugin1.2.5.RELEASErepackage default  friflowapi  remote [INFO]  remote [INFO] BUILD SUCCESS remote [INFO]  remote [INFO] Total time 23.261s remote [INFO] Finished at Wed Sep 02 232917 EDT 2015 remote [INFO] Final Memory 25M316M remote [INFO]  remote  remote Git PostReceive Result success remote Activation status success remote Deployment completed with status success codepre  pIt did not display any error logs. whatsoeverp
Negative 63 pHow do I make my private nested class be only be instantiable by its enclosing class but a property of this class be accessible outside of the enclosing classp  precodepublic class Outer     public Inner inner  get     Gives me error      private class Inner        public Inner                codepre  pDefining the codeinnercode property as codepubliccode gives me this errorp  blockquote   pInconsistent accessibility property type Inner is less accessible   than property innerp blockquote
Negative 63 pI got this data in an arrayp  precode name  points  joe      20 mike     18 tim      19 tina     22 mike     20 joe      21 tim      19 mike     21 tim      19 tina     20 codepre  pI want to put out the TOP 3 of points, so that there are only 3 lines and all the names behind it  of course every name only once, even if a name got the same points multiple times.p  precodeTOP 3   points       names     18     mike    19     tim    20     joe, mike, tina codepre  pAnyonep
Negative 63 pI dont understand when I strongshoudstrong to use codeselfcode in swiftp  pBoth of these worksp  precodemyButton.layer.cornerRadius  22 self.myButton.layer.cornerRadius  22 codepre
Negative 63 pi have an activity which has two buttons , one of them is submit and other is cancel. On click of submit i have an asynctask and on Click of cancel i finish the activity.p  pBelow is the code for my submit button.p  precode        btnSubmit.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView v              iftrack2data.equalsIgnoreCasenull track2data  null                 track2data  mag.sGetTrack2Data                          btnSubmit.setEnabledfalse             btnSubmit.setClickablefalse             btnCancel.setEnabledfalse             btnCancel.setClickablefalse             changes made by akshay wrt 11983 as on 29 July 2015             int checkconditions  conditions.checkConditionsedtPin,mContext,verifiedFinger,enterPin,verifyFinger             if track2data  null ampamp track2data.length gt 0                     ampamp edtPin.getText.toString.equalsampamp checkconditions  00                    isoMsgRequest  fintransprovider.getBalanceTransaction                             track2data, edtPin.getText.toString                  MessageAdaptor msgadpt  new MessageAdaptormContext                 ISOMsg rIsoMsg                 msgadpt.executeisoMsgRequest                                             codepre  pstrongMessageAdaptorstrong is the name of my strongasynctaskstrong.p  pBelow is the code for my Cancel buttonp  precode        btnCancel.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView v               finish                codepre  pWhenevr i press these two buttons simultaneously strongboth the task are performedstrong i.e i exit my activitycancel as well as i run into my asynctasksubmit . As my strongasynctask has a progress dialogstrong after it finishes its process it just crashes as it gets the strongerror no window attachedstrong. can ny1 help me.p
Negative 63 pI have problem with datable server side after columns Filter or pagination. Firstly, after reload page  all fine, data get correctly. But after then i sorting or filtering columns, request url return error.p  pHere is my jqueryp  precodevar customerid  input[namecustomerid].val   Data tables customerslistdata.DataTable     processing true,     serverSide true,     ajax customerseditcustomerid,     columns [          data firstname, name firstname ,          data lastname, name lastname ,          data phone, name phone ,          data country, name country ,          data city, name city ,          data address, name address ,          data email, name email ,          data action, name action, orderable false, searchable false     ], pagingType fullnumbers,     dom ltdttoprowBflgtrltdtwrappertgtltdtrow dtbottomrowltrowltcolsm6igtltcolsm6 textrightpgtgtgt,     buttons [                      extend collection,             text Save ltspan classcaret gt,             buttons  [csvFlash, excelFlash, pdfFlash]         ,         colvis     ]   customerslistdata.dataTable.columnFilter     sPlaceHolder headafter,     aoColumns [          type text ,          type text ,          type text ,          type text ,          type text ,          type text ,          type text ,         null     ]  codepre  pAnd this is method on laravel projectp  precodepublic function getEditRequest request, Customer customer         ifrequestgtajax           customerdata  customergtDatagtget          return Datatablesofcustomerdata                 gtaddColumnaction, function customerdata                      return ltdiv classbtngroupgt                                 lta href classbtn btndefaultgtlti classfa faeditgtltigtltagt                                 lta href.urlcustomersdeleteone.customerdatagtid..customerdatagtcustomersid. classbtn btndefaultgtlti classfa fatimesgtltigtltagt                             ltdivgt                                  gtmaketrue       codepre  pFirst time request url p  precodehttpaddress.comcustomersedit39draw1ampcolumns5B05D5Bdata5Dfirstnameampcolumns5B05D5Bname5Dfirstname ... codepre  pAfter filtering or sorting, paginationp  precodehttpaddress.comcustomersedit39draw2ampcolumns5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5D2C5BobjectObject5Damporder5BobjectObject5Dampstart10amplength10ampsearch5BobjectObject5DampsRangeSeparator codepre  pLaravel debug errorp  precodein Request.php line 78     at HandleExceptionsgthandleError2, Illegal string offset column, varwwwdevvendoryajralaraveldatatablesoraclesrcyajraDatatablesRequest.php, 78, arrayorderable gt array, i gt 0, c gt 1 in Request.php line 78 codepre  pHere is my tablep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodelttable idcustomerslistdata classtable tablestriped tablebordered tablehover customerstablelistgt   lttheadgt     lttr classsecondgt       ltthgtFirst Nameltthgt       ltthgtLast Nameltthgt       ltthgtPhoneltthgt       ltthgtCountryltthgt       ltthgtCityltthgt       ltthgtAddressltthgt       ltthgtEmailltthgt       ltthgtampnbspltthgt     lttrgt     lttrgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtFirst Nameltthgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtLast Nameltthgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtPhoneltthgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtCountryltthgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtCityltthgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtAddressltthgt       ltth stylewidth 11gtEmailltthgt       ltth classnosort stylewidth 13gtActionsltthgt     lttrgt   lttheadgt lttablegtcodepre div div p  pI using librariesp  pLaravelp  precodehttpdatatables.yajrabox.com codepre  pJSp  precode httpcdn.datatables.net1.10.9jsjquery.dataTables.min.js  httpjquerydatatablescolumnfilter.googlecode.comsvntrunkmediajsjquery.dataTables.columnFilter.js codepre  pI think its a bug of these versions, because with older datatable version is good.p
Negative 63 pI would like my code to produce the following imagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxYtSk.png altenter image description herep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netp6jaxvzz7 relnofollowJSFIDDLEa p  precodedocument.readyfunction    var id  2,     txtbox   buttonpro.onclick, .add, function      this.remove     txtbox  ltdiv idinput  id   classrowgtltdiv classinputfield col s1gtltinput typetext classsno nameSr  id   value  id   gtltlabel forSrNo classactivegtSrNoltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s2gtltinput iditemcode typetext nameitemcode  id  gtltlabel foritemcode classactivegtItem Codeltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s2gtltinput iditemname typetext nameitemname  id  gtltlabel foritemname classactivegtItem Nameltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s1gtltinput idqty typetext namequantity  id  gtltlabel forquantity classactivegtQuantityltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s1gtltinput typetext namenetrate  id   gtltlabel fornetrate classactivegtNet Rateltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s1gtltinput typetext nametax  id   gtltlabel fortaxclassactivegttaxltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s1gtltinput typetext nameGrossRate  id  gtltlabel forGross Rate classactivegtGross Rateltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s1gtltinput typetext nametotal  id  gtltlabel fortotal classactivegttotalltlabelgtltdivgtltdiv classinputfield col s2gtlta href classbtnfloating waveseffect waveslight add gtlti classmdicontentaddgtAddltigtltagtltdivgtlta href classbtnfloating waveseffect waveslight remove gtlti classmdicontentcleargtRemoveltigtltagtltdivgt     buttonpro.appendtxtbox     id       buttonpro.onclick, .remove, function      var parent  this.parent.prev.attrid     var parentim  this.parent.attrid       parentim.slideUpfast, function          parentim.remove       if .add.length lt 1            parent.appendltdiv classinputfield col s2gt lta href classbtnfloating waveseffect waveslight add gtlti classmdicontentaddgtAddltigtltagtltdivgt                .sno.eachfunctioni          this.vali  1              id           codepre  pHTMLp  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltdiv idbuttonprogt   ltdiv idinput1 classrowgt       ltdiv classinputfield col s1gt       ltinput classsno typetext nameSr1 value1gt       ltlabel forSrgtSrltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s2gt       ltinput iditemcode typetext nameitemcode1 value gt       ltlabel foritemcodegtItem Codeltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s2gt       ltinput iditemname typetext nameitemname1 value gt       ltlabel foritemnamegtItem Nameltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s1gt       ltinput typetext classquantity namequantity1 value gt       ltlabel forquantitygtQuantityltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s1gt       ltinput typetext classnetrate namenetrate1 value gt       ltlabel fornetrategtNet Rateltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s1gt       ltinput typetext classtax nametax1 value gt       ltlabel fortaxgttaxltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s1gt       ltinput typetext classGross Rate nameGross Rate1 value gt       ltlabel forGross RategtGross Rateltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s1gt       ltinput typetext classtotal nametotal1 value  readonlygt       ltlabel fortotalgttotalltlabelgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classinputfield col s2gt lta href classbtnfloating waveseffect waveslight add gtlti classmdicontentaddgtAddltigtltagt      ltdivgt    ltdivgt ltdivgt ltdiv classrowgt   ltdiv classinputfield col s8gt   ltdivgt   ltdiv classinputfield col s2gt     ltinput typetext nameGrand idGrand value gt     ltlabel fornetrategtGrand Totalltlabelgt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 63 pI used phonegap to install an app to an iPad yesterday simply usingp  precodephonegap run ios codepre  pFrom within the project directory. I tried installing it to a second iPad today but that command did nothing. I then typedp  precodephonegap run ios device verbose codepre  pAnd gotp  precodeCode Sign error No code signing identities found No valid signing identities i.e. certificate and private key pair matching the team ID  were found.  CodeSign error code signing is required for product type Application in SDK iOS 8.4    BUILD FAILED    The following build commands failed  Check dependencies 1 failure  Command finished with error code 65 Users.........MyAppMyAppplatformsioscordovarun device  ERROR running one or more of the platforms Error Users.........MyAppMyAppplatformsioscordovarun Command failed with exit code 65 You may not have the required environment or OS to run this project codepre  pI do not get what is different from yesterday except the device plugged inp
Negative 63 pI have written a WPFC application that I am trying to publish. The application currently uses two resource dictionaries to switch between themes. Here is the App.xaml file, which specifies two resource dictionariesp  precodeltApplication xClassTopDeck.App          xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation          xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml          xmlnschartingToolkitclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.ChartingassemblySystem.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit          xmlnsvisualizationToolkitclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.Controls.DataVisualizationassemblySystem.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit          xmlnschartingprimitivesclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Charting.PrimitivesassemblySystem.Windows.Controls.DataVisualization.Toolkit          StartupUriMainWindow.xamlgt      ltApplication.Resourcesgt         ltResourceDictionarygt             ltSolidColorBrush Colord0157820 xKeymuddyBrushgt             ltStyle TargetTypeTextBlock xKeyMenuFontgt                 ltSetter PropertyForeground ValueBlackgt             ltStylegt             ltResourceDictionary.MergedDictionariesgt                 ltResourceDictionary SourceDarkTheme.xamlgt                 ltResourceDictionary SourceLightTheme.xaml gt             ltResourceDictionary.MergedDictionariesgt          ltResourceDictionarygt     ltApplication.Resourcesgt   ltApplicationgt codepre  pI have two files, DarkTheme.xaml and LightTheme.xaml, which are resource dictionaries. I have not included them because I do not think that their content is relevant here.p  pIn my MainWindow.xaml.cs, I have a method for switching between two themes. This method works when I run my code within Visual Studio 2013p  precodeprivate void ChangeThemeint themeChoice      ResourceDictionary dict     var assembly  Assembly.GetEntryAssembly  Assembly.GetCallingAssembly     var path  System.IO.Path.GetDirectoryNameassembly.Location     path  path.ReplacebinDebug,      path  path.ReplacebinRelease,       if themeChoice  0              dict  ResourceDictionaryXamlReader.Loadnew FileStreamSystem.IO.Path.Combinepath, LightTheme.xaml, FileMode.Open             theme  LightTheme.xaml          else              dict  ResourceDictionaryXamlReader.Loadnew FileStreamSystem.IO.Path.Combinepath, DarkTheme.xaml, FileMode.Open         theme  DarkTheme.xaml           Application.Current.Resources.MergedDictionaries.Clear     Application.Current.Resources.MergedDictionaries.Adddict   codepre  pThe problem is that when I publish this application and I try to run it, I get this error message p  precodeCould not find file CUsersEmeraldAppDataLocalApps2.0JTHXX0YW.KTK1MZ2M8ZP.TV0topd..tion1428230028859fe50001.0000ec5ac614e9be24b1DarkTheme.xaml.CUsersEmeraldAppDataLocalApps2.0JTHXX0YW.KTK1MZ2M8ZP.TV0topd..tion1428230028859fe50001.0000ec5ac614e9be24b1DarkTheme.xaml codepre  pDoes anyone know what I can do to maintain resource dictionary switching in my application, but avoid this error Is there a way to specify that I would like DarkTheme.xaml and LightTheme.xaml to exist in the published application If not, is there a way to reference these resource dictionaries without explicitly loading the filep
Negative 63 pI have used this docker image a hrefhttpsgithub.comDanielDentdockermeteor relnofollowDanielDentdockermeteora to create my first meteor app in a docker container. It works well when we run the image to create a container then to create a meteor app using this command codemeteor create myfirstappcode and Im able to edit js, css and html files. By typing codemeteorcode command Im able to reach my app on the browser. p  pI took a snapshot from my container and used that image to create a new one. However, when I log in to the new container, I didnt find my first app.p  pCould you help on thisp
Negative 63 pIn Universal Windows Platform is there a way to keep page alive So lets say I am entering a new customer and at some point I realised that the category I want to assign has not been created, so I want to navigate to a different page to add that category but I dont want the current page to be destroyed and loose the data. In WPF this scenario is very simple with PRISM KeepAlive.p  pThank you p
Negative 63 pthis is my code below. What it does is not the issue. The issue is that once it is run, I put in my input and if its too small it will ask for input again on the second line which appears to have no affect the flow of my program. If I fill the buffer which Im assuming 100 or more then I am not asked for a second prompt.p  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltstring.hgt  int main    int ch   char x[3]   char word, string1[100]   x[0]y    whilex[0]yx[0]Y        fgetsstring1, 100, stdin     while  ch  fgetcstdin  EOF ampamp ch  n     printfThe string is s, string1      word  strtokstring1,       whileword  NULL            printfsn, word       word  strtokNULL,             printfRun Againyn     fgetsx, 2, stdin     while  ch  fgetcstdin  EOF ampamp ch  n       return 0  codepre  pEDIT  I have replaced, p  precode    fgetsstring1, 100, stdin     while  ch  fgetcstdin  EOF ampamp ch  n codepre  pWith, p  precode fgetsstring1, 100, stdin  if string1[98]  n ampamp string1[99]  0        while  ch  fgetcstdin  EOF ampamp ch  n    codepre
Negative 63 pis it possible to migratereplicatecopymove processed files using PIG from local HDFS lets say 192.168.0.10 to a cassandra 192.168.0.20p  pWhat I have in mind is that I literally create a java application to parse the file and reinsert them into cassandra.p  pIs there any other way in doing sop  pthanks alotp
Negative 63 pI am a Master of science Electronics student and my final project is about Real time Sound Processing. I am going to implement Adaptive Filters in MATLAB. I need to run the LMS algorithm hundreds time in a second and the total delay must be less than a few milliseconds. What part of MATLAB and which toolbox is suitable and capable to be used in this projectp  pAt the first time that I asked this question a few friends answered to this question and all of them told me that my question is too short and too general. To make this question clear and to bring more details I attached two diagrams. You can see these Diagrams using below links a hrefhttpswww.4shared.comphotoMbXWtxDceIMG20150925104410.html relnofollowhttpswww.4shared.comphotoMbXWtxDceIMG20150925104410.htmla a hrefhttpswww.4shared.comphotoDJ7d3f0gbaaec1.html relnofollowhttpswww.4shared.comphotoDJ7d3f0gbaaec1.htmlap  pThe second image is taken from Adaptive Filter Theory and Applications, Behrouz FarhangBoroujeny, second Edition, Wiley. The PC that running Matlab Programs will do the job of Digital adaptive filter and the input and output analog signal will connect to the sound card.p  pAs you see in these pictures, the system is include 1 microphone for converting sounds to audio signal, 2 preamplifier for amplifying  the output of microphone and matching it to the linein input of sound card, 3sound card to convert analog signal to digital signal 4 computer with Matlab software for processing audio signal, applying digital filters and running LMS algorithm in real time, 5power amplifier for amplifying the analog output of sound and matching it with loudspeaker 5 an acoustic room like class room. This system must cancel the acoustic  echo and the howling effect the same annoying sound when microphone is placed close to the loudspeaker. p  pAccording to the top explanation, which part of matlab can be useful for this projectp  p1 mfilep  p2 simulink and dsp toolboxp  p3 converting matlab codes to .exe files using deploytool or mcc commandp  p4 xPC targetp  pOr if you have better idea please tell me.p  pRegard     p
Negative 63 pIm using a where statement to pull records with a few conditions.p  pCurrently it looks like thisp  precodehumans.where lt createdat AND createdat lt , value.days.ago.beginningofday, value.days.ago.endofday codepre  pIm wondering as to where I can extend it like this without it being invalidp  precodehumans.where lt createdat AND createdat lt  AND subscribed   AND provider  , value.days.ago.beginningofday, value.days.ago.endofday, true, twitter codepre  pWill this still work Are queries like this Postgres compatablep
Negative 63 pI got following result  when i do ddsomevariable in laravel p  precodearray12 [   0 gt 223     jobinsptpostquestionsid 117     category Fascia amp Gutter     question The FampG is complete     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      1 gt 224     jobinsptpostquestionsid 118     category Fascia amp Gutter     question Temporary props are in use     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      2 gt 225     jobinsptpostquestionsid 119     category Fascia amp Gutter     question The FampG is straight, level and undamaged     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      3 gt 226     jobinsptpostquestionsid 120     category Fascia amp Gutter     question FampG at correct height and distance from frame     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      4 gt 227     jobinsptpostquestionsid 121     category Fascia amp Gutter     question Dutch gables are cut neatly and level     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      5 gt 228     jobinsptpostquestionsid 122     category Fascia amp Gutter     question All rafter brackets are installed     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      6 gt 229     jobinsptpostquestionsid 123     category Fascia amp Gutter     question All barge gutters returns are installed     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      7 gt 230     jobinsptpostquestionsid 124     category Fascia amp Gutter     question Hips and jacks are propped     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      8 gt 231     jobinsptpostquestionsid 125     category Fascia amp Gutter     question Ext amp Int corners are installed     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      9 gt 232     jobinsptpostquestionsid 126     category Fascia amp Gutter     question Rake downs laybacksdrag downs installed     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      10 gt 233     jobinsptpostquestionsid 127     category Fascia amp Gutter     question bRivets  correct colour and number     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N      11 gt 234     jobinsptpostquestionsid 128     category Fascia amp Gutter     question Downpipes pops or drops installed as per plan     subquestion null     passed null     rectification null     catpassed N     ] codepre  pwhen i encode this array to json i got the following errorp  blockquote   pjsonencode Invalid UTF8 sequence in argumentp blockquote  pI dont know where is that invalid utf8 sequence. Please help me to find out what is wrong with this arrayp
Negative 63 pThe code below 1. Identifies files that are created in a directory and 2. Uploads them to my webserver.p  pMy problem is that the program is only successful when I copy and paste a file into the directory pathtowatch.  The program fails when I use a thirdparty program NBA Live 06 that creates files in the pathtowatch directory.p  pThe error I receive is  PermissionError [Errno 13] Permission denied filename.txtp  precodeimport os, time from ftplib import FTP  def idFiles     pathtowatch  rcUsersUsergamestats      before  dict [f, None for f in os.listdir pathtowatch]      while True         time.sleep 1          after  dict [f, None for f in os.listdir pathtowatch]         added  [f for f in after if not f in before]          if added               edit filename to prepare for upload             upload  str, .join added              ftp  FTPwww.website.com             ftp.loginuserusername, passwdpassword             ftp.cwdarchives               error is called on this following line             ftp.storbinarySTOR   upload, openupload, rb          resets timer         before  after  idFiles codepre  pMany thanks in advance for any help.p
Negative 63 pI have updated my cocoapods0.38.2 gem and xcodeproj0.27.2, but still getting errorp  precodeWriting Xcode project file to PodsPods.xcodeproj 20150924 094027.969 ruby[12098428715] [MT] DVTAssertions      ASSERTION FAILURE in      LibraryCachescom.apple.xbsSourcesIDEFrameworksIDEFrameworks8227IDEFoundationInitializationIDEInitialization.m590 Details Assertion failed initializationCompletedSuccessfully Function BOOL IDEIsInitializedForUserInteraction Thread  ltNSThread 0x7fb9adbd99d0gtnumber  1, name  main Hints None Backtrace0 0x000000011038ca5c [DVTAssertionHandler handleFailureInFunctionfileNamelineNumberassertionSignaturemessageFormatarguments] in DVTFoundation  1 0x000000011038c1e9 DVTAssertionHandler in DVTFoundation  2 0x000000011038c455 DVTAssertionFailureHandler in DVTFoundation  3 0x000000011038c3b7 DVTAssertionFailureHandler in DVTFoundation  4 0x00000001118c5f5c IDEIsInitializedForUserInteraction in IDEFoundation  5 0x000000011451deb9 [PBXProject projectWithFileerrorHandlerreadOnly] in DevToolsCore  6 0x000000011451fa3e [PBXProject projectWithFileerrorHandler] in DevToolsCore  7 0x00007fff8da7df44 fficallunix64 in libffi.dylib [1]  12098 abort   pod install verbose codepre
Negative 63 pIm extracting data from the SQL and some rows need to be transposed into a column while copying the other data that is unique for that table Need a formula to read all the columns and paste new rows and copy data. This is just an example,depending on the days I need as many rows in one column to be transposed. Original Data is in 50,000 Rows Any suggestions are welcomedp  pstrongBeforestrongp  precodeOrder   Line    Item    Day Day2   Day3  Day4  Day5  Day6   Day7 2000    1      Apple    Mon Tue    Wed         Fri   Sat    Sun   2000    2      Orange   Mon               Thu               Sun   etc... codepre  pstrongAfterstrongp  precodeOrder   Line    Item    Day 2000    1       Apple   Mon 2000    1       Apple   Tue 2000    1       Apple   Wed 2000    1       Apple   Fri 2000    1       Apple   Sat 2000    1       Apple   Sun 2000    2      Orange   Mon 2000    2      Orange   Thu 2000    2      Orange   Sun codepre
Negative 63 precodedatestart  Time.parse11082015.beginningofday dateend  Time.parse11082015.endofday  createdatdaytz  datecreatedat AT TIME ZONE UTC                      AT TIME ZONE Time.zone.tzinfo.identifier  users  User.whereusers.createdat BETWEEN  AND , datestart, dateend codepre  pGrouping by createdat as createdatday date only, new name for the groupped attributep  precodegroupedwithtimezoneday  users.groupcreatedatdaytz.   ordercreatedatdaytz.   selectcreatedatdaytz as createdatday, count as count  groupedwithtimezoneday.map u [u.createdatday, u.count]   gt [[Tue, 11 Aug 2015, 186]] codepre  pGrouping by createdat as createdat date only, same name for the groupped attributep  precodegroupedwithtimezone  users.groupcreatedatdaytz.   ordercreatedatdaytz.   selectcreatedatdaytz as createdat, count as count  groupedwithtimezone.map u [u.createdat, u.count]   gt [[Mon, 10 Aug 2015 210000 BRT 0300, 186]] codepre  pWhy the results differ if the records are the same Why one result comes with timezone, as DateTime, and the other comes as Date onlyp  pIs activerecord casting to DateTime with Timezone because createdat is defined that way btw, this makes the dates incorrect in this casep
Negative 63 pI want to know the logic, steps or flowchart , like how you would go about it , not interested in the code p
Negative 63 pThe table returns correct nrow, ncol and no issues in running the script, but if I also try write.table on the table I get the same error as knitrkable throws up Error in code[lt.data.framecodecodetmpcode, , j, value  structurec0.164, 0.397,  replacement has 106 rows, data has 17  so they agree on something. Ive tried librarydplyr as suggested in one post, but no help, and if its in the sourced script I would have thought its not necessary. Also tried reworking the groupby summarise sequence but to no avail Very grateful for assistance, Neilp
Negative 63 pIm trying to to get user inputseg. file names and store them as arguments in another function. However, both printlns are displayed simultaneously. This blocks me from entering the arguments properly. I think it has to do with throwing exceptions. However I cannot run the program if I dont add exceptions.p  precodepublic class demon      static Scanner input  new ScannerSystem.in  public static void mainString [] args throws Exception      MainMenu end main  public static void MainMenu throws Exception      System.out.printlnWelcome to Demon. Please select an option from below     System.out.println1 Encrypt a File     System.out.println2 Decrypt a File     System.out.println3 Exit     int userOption  input.nextInt     if userOption  1          optionEncrypt      else if userOption  2          optionDecrypt      else if userOption  3          System.exit0     else          System.out.printlnInvalid Entry         System.exit0        public static void optionEncrypt throws Exception      System.out.printlnEnter the file name to encrypt     String inputFileName  input.nextLine     System.out.printlnEnter the file name to output     String outputFileName  input.nextLine     createEncryptionFiletest.txt, demon.txt   Output 1 Encrypt a File 2 Decrypt a File 3 Exit 1 Enter the file name to encrypt Enter the file name to output codepre
Negative 63 pI had a strongtext filestrong having 15 numbers and with last number code15code. And, I wanted to read it in, steps i didp  ul liFirst, i tried to count how many numbers are in codetxtcode file.li liAccordingly, created strongdynamicstrong size array.li liTried to save the numbers into the dynamic array corresponding to their indices.li ul  pNow, strongmy questionstrong is, Since, im reading numbers from codetxtcode file in the form of strongcharacter stringsstrong. Therefore, how could i convert the codecharcode to codeintcode dynamic array. And, the algorithm which Ive used, is producing garbage values on strongterminalstrong while converting to int. Couldnt figure out what is wrong with it.p  pstrongMy codestrongp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltfstreamgt  using namespace std  int mainint argc, char argv[]      char nPtr  argv[1]     char buffer  new char[5]     int index  0      ifstream finnPtr open the file      if argc gt 1               allocate the memory         if fin                      cout ltlt cant read the file ltlt endl             return 1                   if fin                      cout ltlt Open sucessues  ltlt endl                   while fin.eof                      fin gtgt buffer             index counting here                   cout ltlt index  ltlt index ltlt endl print out the counting results         cout ltlt buffer  ltlt buffer ltlt endl  checking the last number  should 15          delete[] buffer           buffer  NULL          int number  new int[index]         char temp  new char[index]         int home  number home          while fin.eof                      fin gtgt temp             number  atoitemp im confessing right here             number             temp                   number  home          for int i  0 i lt index i                      cout ltlt number ltlt endl number print out garbage i dont know why             number                  fin.close          return 0  codepre  pstrongGarbage Outputstrongp  precodeOpen sucessues   index 15 buffer 15 0 1073741824 0 1073741824 2136670223 32767 1680479188 32767 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 codepre
