Positive 802 pI have a weird problem. I have my main repository on a shared drive within my LAN not connected to the internet. Then I have my work station connected to the LAN only, no internet. I recently merged 2 main repositories into only one, then I made sure the new merged main repo has only one head, has not uncommitted changes, and there is nothing pending on it.p  pThen on my work station, I cloned from main on the shared drive to my local drive through TortoiseHG 3.1.1. After clone completes, I go into the cloned folder, click on commit, and there is a number of files supposedly modified with the red icon, but I just opened the folder and have not even opened any files yet, so how could I have modified files yet.p  pThen I repeat the clone, but this time I clone into the same share drive where main resides. I open up the cloned folder and see the same thing files with red icons, I click on commit and the same modified files are listed there.p  pThe weird thing is that I turn around and go to another work station connected to both, the LAN and the outside world, if that makes a difference. Then I open the same cloned folder, but as soon as I open it, the red icons go away and all the files now are green, then I open the commit window and no files are listed there.p  pThen I go back to my first work station, open the same folder again, and now all files are green and the commit window shows no files pending.p  pCan someone explain what is going onp  pI made sure that both work stations are running the same version of TortoiseHG 3.1.1., they both are windows7.br I was thinking that maybe the instances of TortoiseHG are configured differently on the two work stations  if so, how can I compare configurationsp  pAny ideasp  pThank you.p
Positive 802 pI am trying to do commit and push using codeMercurial.Netcode libraryp  precodevar repo  new RepositoryrepositoryPath  var branchCommand  new BranchCommand  Name  branch  repo.BranchbranchCommand  var commitCommand  new CommitCommand  Message  commitMessage, OverrideAuthor  author  repo.CommitcommitCommand  var pushCommand  new PushCommand  AllowCreatingNewBranch  true, Force  true,  repo.PushpushCommand codepre  pOn coderepo.PushpushCommandcode it throws an exception codeMercurial.MercurialExecutionExceptioncode with message abort Access is denied.p  pThe question is Is there any way in codeMercurial.Netcode to get the output of mercurial consolep
Positive 802 pI have several repositories that I am building a tool to interact with.  I have not been able to find a way to grep a specific file in a specific revision that was unchanged in that revision.p  pThe help for codehg grepcode says that the codercode option coder rev REV []         only search files changed within revision rangecode.  If I update the revision in question, I can grep appropriately, and I get the desired results.  Because my file in question is unchanged in that revision, it will not get grepped.  Does anyone know a way to do thisp  pMy end goal is that I would like to ignore files that meet a certain pattern matching.  I am not sure that using the codeallcode option would be feasible, because I would have to parse the revisions that the pattern appeared and disappeared in.p  pThanks in advance.p  pstrongeditstrong Actual problem Im trying to solvep  pThere are several tagged revisions in a repository.  p  pFor each of those tagged revisions, I would like to extract a particular file assume codesourcea.ccode or something like that to a folder structure that others can access a website for those outside of our group, whom we cannot give repository access to.p  pBut, I would only like to extract the file if it does not contain a particular pattern.  This is why I would like to check the file at a specific revision, even if it has been unchanged.p
Positive 802 pIs it possible to filter by branch creator using tortoisehg The filter by author option does not shown commits by others to a branch I have created. Ideally I would like a filter that shows all commits to only the branches that I have created. Thanks for any advice you might have.p
Positive 802 pI recently discovered the Local History feature in Eclipse, I also believe intelliJ IDEA, and Netbeans have a similar feature.p  pEssentially p  blockquote   pevery time an editable file is saved eclipse updates the local history   of that file and logs the changes that have been made. The local   history of a file can then be accessed and a previously saved copy of   the file can be reverted to, as long as the desired state is recent   enough in the save historyp blockquote  psee a hrefhttphelp.eclipse.orgmarsindex.jsptopic2Forg.eclipse.platform.doc.user2FgettingStarted2Fqs55.htm relnofollowdescriptiona.p  pbasically its pretty awesome. I would like to implement something very similar in my own text editor, but I would like to use MercurialHg to do it.p  ul lipIs it even possible to create a private repository that doesnt get sharedpli lipHow can I create a private branch, that never gets sharedbr but is still visible to me so I can seesearchnavigate mybr changesetpli ul  pHas anyone ever tried this. Any pointers Im using python 2.10pyqt4 on windows.p
Positive 802 pWe are in the process of migrating from Mercurial to Git.p  pIn the process Id like to do a little bit of housekeeping on some of our older, and larger repositories.p  pWe have one particular project that has almost 5 years of history and commits in it.p  pI can see no use case that would require us to revert back to a commit 3 years ago. p  pThis particular project also has a commit that occurred 4 years ago in which a developer committed over 200,000 small text files that were used in a series of tests. This amount of files killed the performance of our systems. So a few commits later these files were removed. While this helped with the overall performance of the local systems, all of these files are still contained within the repository history. p  pstrongMy goal of this exercise is to get rid of these files and the overall bloat that it has caused in when cloning this repository.strongp  pSo what I would like to learn is if there is a way that I can effectively trim old commits from our history in Git, without losing the changes that were made in those previous commits In other words, resetting what will become the first commit in the repository to be what the working folder was at a particular point in timep  pEDIT Since I am concerned about removing the bloat caused by the addition and later deletion of a large number files, I dont consider this to be a direct duplicate of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6764465githowcaniremoveaoldcommitfromabranchwithoutusingareversepatchGit How can I remove a old commit from a branch without using a reverse patcha  however the solution might turn out to be the same I just dont know that at this pointp
Positive 802 pI initially committed my project to a codehgcode repo with the following structurep  precodemyapp     fizz         buzz.txt     foobar.cfg     whistlefeather         vroomvroompartystarter.xml codepre  pI did so using the following commandsp  precodehg add hg commit m Initial commit. hg push codepre  pI then changed my directory structure locally to look like thisp  precodemyapp     buzz         fizz.txt     config.foobar     whistlefeather         vroomvroompartystarter.xml codepre  pI then ran the same following commandsp  precodehg add hg commit m Changing some things. hg push codepre  pWhen I go to the remote repo, I see it has the following structure p  precodemyapp     fizz         buzz.txt     buzz         fizz.txt     foobar.cfg     config.foobar     whistlefeather         vroomvroompartystarter.xml codepre  pWhat commands can I run to pushpurge the old directoriesfiles from the remote repo and so that it reflect the directory struture on my local machinep
Positive 802 pWhile trying to work out an integration between a hrefhttpswww.fogcreek.comkiln relnofollowKilna and a hrefhttpswww.atlassian.comsoftwarebamboo relnofollowBambooa I ran into an issue that Fog Creek support indicated might be a problem of having too many topological heads in my repository. We typically have a pattern of closing a branch prior to merging back into a main branch but that clearly gets forgotten from time to time.p  precode hg head t  grep changeset  wc l 1361 codepre  pMy understanding is that those heads need to be communicated one way or the other when pulling from the hosting Mercurial server to know which heads need to by syncd. Thats a lot of wasted effort given that over 1100 of those heads are completely dead to us  so Id like to get rid of those headsp  pIts fairly straightforward to identify the heads I want to eliminatep  precode hg log r headsall   head and not closed  template noden  wc l 1199 codepre  pI initially thought it would be fairly straightforward to clean this upp  ol liCreate a new dummy branchli liIteratively merge all of the closed topological heads into the dummy branch keep localli ol  pUnfortunately, I ran into a couple of issuesp  ul liIf I started the dummy branch from my current default head, merges took a really long time  I estimate it will take weeks to do all 1100 merges li liIf I start from changeset 0, I get quickly run into an ambiguous merge issue that I dont know how to resolve ambiguous merge  picked m actionli ul  pAny ideas or suggestions on how I should proceed Is my iterative merge idea sane Are one of the two ideas for where to start from more reasonable than the other p  pAny help is greatly appreciatedp
Positive 802 pIve beyondcompare licence for my windows machine and I cant use that licence for linux installation. I work on linux server via putty from my windows system.p  pI could launch linux visual merge tools like meld using X server. But Im looking for a way to use X serverX11 to launch beyondcompare from my putty session. In short, I want to launch a windows application itself from the linux env over putty.p  pMy last choice would be to pull changes to my windows machine and do a merge on windows push it back. But it would be nice if I could launch beyondcompare from linux.p  pAny Ideasp
Positive 802 pIm sure weve all done that thing where you temporarily hotwire part of your application while you test something. We really dont want to emcommitem such changes though.p  pUsually I mark such lines with a comment reminding me not to commit this change. But is there some way I can program Mercurial itself to refuse to commit any line containing a certain text fragment Not the entire file, just the marked line. Is there some extension or something that does thatp
Positive 802 pI have two branches in Mercurial. One is for debugging on my local computer, because there are some wampserver settings that are only valid on local machines.p  pThe other branch is for publishing and thus contains the server settings that are required on the web server itself. Unfortunately, even a simple codeindex.phpcode is different, because of the codeltbasegtcode tag.p  pI was wondering how to keep these two branches in sync, without having to merge my local changes to the publish branch every time I want to publish.p  pIs there a better way to maintain these two branches Can I for example, commit changes to two branches at the same timep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comtpZ6K.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtpZ6K.jpg altI merge my files every time I have changes to the other branch.ap
Positive 802 pI am new to mercurial, and I am having trouble understanding resolving conflicts when I attempt to merge with the local branch.p  pI have a repository that a 3rd party has pushed changes to.p  pI committed my changes and then pulled the changes by the 3rd party  as advised by TortoiseHG.p  pWhen I tried to merge with local, I have the following screen asking me to resolve the conflictsp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comkaFNz.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkaFNz.png altenter image description hereap  pI am really uncertain what to do here. p  pstrongWhat option do I select to merge the pushed 3rd party files to my local files and also keep my committed changesstrongp  pThis may be a ridiculously simple question to ask, but I am concerned that I will make the wrong selection and overwrite the wrong files, which I have seen happen before on a different project and it proved to be a minor disaster. I want the 3rd party files to be committed to my local branch.p  pThe files that I committed before I pulled the 3rd party files held only minor changes and can be overwritten if they really need be.p  pI have read the docs, but this only confused me.p
Positive 802 pIs it possible to change the branch for some last commits p  precodeserver  local  desired                              13      13                              12      12                              11      11                    10      10    10            codepre  pemExplanationem p  pI work in the Mercurials codedefaultcode branch on a SiteV1. The current revision is 10 local and server.p  pI started to work to a brad new version of SiteV2... Unfortunately I commited emlocallyem this SiteV2 on the same codedefaultcode branch coderev.11code, coderev.12code, coderev.13code... so locally I am on coderev.13code 13 with some modifications... p  pOn the server is still coderev.10codep  pemI would like to commit on the server all revisions from code10code to a new branch codeSiteV2code... in order that my commits rev.11....rev 14 be on this new branch., theh commit all on the server.em  Is it possiblep
Positive 802 pIs it possible to list the tags only on a certain branch from command line preferablyp  pFor examplep  precode hg branch test1 ... make some commits  hg tag mytagontest1branch   hg branch test2 ... make some commits  hg tag mytagontest2branch ... make some commits  hg tag mytagontest2branch2 codepre  pNow codehg tagscode returnsp  precode hg tags tip                                534603c3a4107 mytagontest2branch2            472db17d2170c mytagontest2branch              209aed50d8b95 mytagontest1branch              0d43c48c0e1d8 codepre  pI would only like to see tags on branch test2, like thisp  precodemytagontest2branch2            472db17d2170c mytagontest2branch              209aed50d8b95 codepre  pIs this possiblep
Positive 802 pWhile trying to use the hg commit amend feature for change the commit message in repo ...p  pI have created the new branch named as hgamend and i have commited some changes and pushed to repo. Again i need to do some changes related to that previous commit. So i did some changes amp tried to add that files using hg add, hg commit amend, hg phase draft force . and hg push f.p  pAfter this i checked in bitbucket, the new branch created with same heads.p  pAdvance Thanks p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comX7Pkj.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comX7Pkj.png altenter image description hereap  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comDwge7.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDwge7.png altenter image description hereap
Positive 802 pIm very new to Mercurial, I have worked with SVN before, but now I installed Mercurial as a local version control system. Now what I want to achieve is to have my IDE project folder in for example codeCProjectscode and my Mercurial repo in codeCRepocode. The thing is I only want to keep code.cppcode and code.hcode files in my Repo and the rest including the source files in my projects folder. Is it possible to have something like thisp  pThanksp
Positive 802 pIt does not cause any problem until I add or commit, but when I push my changes to the repo, it gives me error that looks like thisp  pre classlangsh prettyprintoverridecodeideaspreadhospitalistanbulIdeaPropagationModel hg push debug traceback pushing to homeprojectsSocialIdeaPropagationModel query 1 heads searching for changes all remote heads known locally listing keys for bookmarks 3 changesets found list of changesets e08e7105bdb8c9508be2f3b375e6d6b7b096dabe c69097225b3cfeedf0bcc0c1cc211004bb9a255c d7eddf2b05876a2216cfbf0552e2870c803ebb6b bundling 13 changesets 33.33 Traceback most recent call last   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialdispatch.py, line 138, in runcatch     return dispatchreq   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialdispatch.py, line 819, in dispatch     cmdpats, cmdoptions   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialdispatch.py, line 599, in runcommand     ret  runcommandui, options, cmd, d   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialdispatch.py, line 910, in runcommand     return checkargs   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialdispatch.py, line 881, in checkargs     return cmdfunc   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialdispatch.py, line 816, in ltlambdagt     d  lambda util.checksignaturefuncui, args, cmdoptions   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialutil.py, line 518, in check     return funcargs, kwargs   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialcommands.py, line 4717, in push     newbranchopts.getnewbranch   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercuriallocalrepo.py, line 1725, in push     return exchange.pushself, remote, force, revs, newbranch   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialexchange.py, line 140, in push     pushchangesetpushop   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialexchange.py, line 289, in pushchangeset     push   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercuriallocalrepo.py, line 127, in unbundle     cg  exchange.readbundleself.ui, cg, None   File usrlibpython2.7distpackagesmercurialexchange.py, line 30, in readbundle     raise util.Aborts not a Mercurial bundle  fname Abort stream not a Mercurial bundle  stream not a Mercurial bundle codepre  pCould someone explain what does codeabort stream not a Mercurial bundle errorcode means p
Positive 802 pProblem When using the evolve extension for Mercurial some changesets are marked obsolete and are therefore hidden for example to the log command, like thisp  precode hg log 11 abort hidden revision 11 use hidden to access hidden revisions   hg log 12 T rev o 27916   o 27915    o  27914     o  27913     o 27912      o 27911      o  27910       o  27909          27908          o 27905      codepre  pQuestion Is there a way to specify a range endpoint to represent either a nonhidden changeset or, if the given changeset is hidden like 11, the preceding nonhidden ancestor in this example 12 I looked at the revsets documentation but failed to find a combination which worked.p
Positive 802 pUsing a mercurial precommit hook, Im able to modify a file thats about to be committed. However, Id like to also add an additional file to the commit. I can run an add command from within the hook, but the added file doesnt end up in the commit.p
Positive 802 pI have several files in my home folder that I want to have under version control. But if I put the entire folder under version control, on every run of git or hg status, I will see a huge list of untracked files. Is there a way to use git or hg in such a way that they track only the files specified and ignore every other filep
Positive 802 precodeimport sys import hglib import re    figure out what repo path to use  if lensys.argv gt 1     repo1  sys.argv[1]       connect to hg client1  hglib.openrepo1  for data1 in client1.logdategt20150601 and datelt20150916      m  re.findallwd, data1.desc.upper     if lenmgt 0              datarow  [data1.rev,data1.author,data1.branch,data1.desc,m[0]]  codepre  pThis script gives the revision,author,branch,description . I want to get count of files for each  revision. How can this be done    p
Positive 802 pTo get a list of changes, a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma37895161084416this answera gives the command linep  precodehg status change REV codepre  pBut calling strongcodestatuscodestrong using strongcodehglibcodestrong gives an errorp  precodegtgtgt client.statusrev1, changeTrue Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File CUsersasdfenvsstackoverflowlibsitepackageshglibclient.py, line 1384, in status     raise ValueErrorcannot specify both rev and change ValueError cannot specify both rev and change codepre  pWhy cant we specify both coderevcode and codechangecodep  pIn answer to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions32345436howtogetthefilecountforeachrevisionofmercurialusingpythonscriptanother recent questiona, I postedp  precodeclient.statusrev[start, end], modifiedTrue, addedTrue codepre  pThis works, but I was wondering why the other doesnt. What am I missingp
Positive 802 pFor some reasons I prefer to avoid using Python.p  pBut all I found is either Phyton scripts or unix specific instructions or something that doesnt have downloadable executables or unclear how to install it in windows.p  pCan you suggest any tool or servicep
Positive 802 pI am totally lost here as i have been trying to create a repository and push my existing Unity3D C project to it.p  pThe current output isp  precoderealm Bitbucket.org HTTP user  password  warning bitbucket.org certificate with fingerprint 46de34e79b18cd7faefd8be3bcf41a5e38d7ac24 not verified check hostfingerprints or web.cacerts config setting warning bitbucket.org certificate with fingerprint 46de34e79b18cd7faefd8be3bcf41a5e38d7ac24 not verified check hostfingerprints or web.cacerts config setting  searching for changes warning bitbucket.org certificate with fingerprint 46de34e79b18cd7faefd8be3bcf41a5e38d7ac24 not verified check hostfingerprints or web.cacerts config setting warning bitbucket.org certificate with fingerprint 46de34e79b18cd7faefd8be3bcf41a5e38d7ac24 not verified check hostfingerprints or web.cacerts config setting abort error  PetersiMacmyProject Peter hp puch v debug bash hp command not found PetersiMacmyProject Peter hg push v debug pushing to defaultpush abort default repository not configured see the path section in hg help config PetersiMacmyProject Peter  codepre  pI have been trying to understand what i need to do to fix this but have not succeeded, i did check the hg help config but did not fully understand anyhow. p  pAnyone that can lead the blind mep
Positive 802 pemI know this has been asked in the past, but those questions are a few years old so I figured there might be some new information.emp  pIm working at a company thats not a software company but we also have a few programmers. Today we are using a visual svn server to host our repositories and tortoiseSVN to interact with the repositories. Im not a big fan of subversion since I want to be able to commit without updatingmerging, so Ive proposed a change to mercurial instead.p  pWe still want to run a server with all the repositories on our own network so we want something that looks like this. p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comtRfgX.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtRfgX.png altap  pIt would also be nice if there was a way to browse the repositories through a web browser so that our non programmers can also access the repositories. Ive searched for quite a bit to see if I can find a mercural version of visual svn server but I havent had much luck. I found this thing called HgLab which looks nice, but might be a bit overkill for our needs.p  pSo to my question. Does anyone know a mercurial equivalent of visual svn server thats pretty straightforward to setup on a windows serverp
Positive 802 pI use codedefaultcode as the production branch, from which I create new branches when developing new features, which I ultimately merge into codedefaultcode or close if this is a deadend. I have trouble understanding the situation I am in. When trying to push the following repo, I get a wont push several heads message from TortoiseHGp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comfWvZT.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfWvZT.png altenter image description hereap  pMy situation is the followingp  ul liI want code390code to be the codedefaultcode production revli liWhat happened between code387code and code388code was, retrospectively, a mistake. I should not have merged into default as the changes were not good enough. I will work on it later, but right now I do not want to deal with it, nor want it to mess with code390code. Is that the other head TortoiseHG is complaining aboutli ul  pI do not want to force anything been there, done that, suffered so what is the appropriate action in such a casep
Positive 802 pI am attempting to add an existing Mercurial bitbucket repo to a clean installation of TeamCity. I have tried multiple repos including one created from scratch just a test. I have attempted to do this on two separate installations of TeamCity on two different machines from two different physical locations.p  pI have tried specifying the Hg Command within TeamCity as Hg as well as the actual path to both a plain Mercurial install and a TortoiseHg install.p  pEach time TeamCity attempts to check out the repo it fails, with this errorp  precodeFailed for the root mercurial httpsbitbucket.orgxxxxx  instance     id12, parent internal id2, parent idxxxxx, description mercurial httpsbitbucket.orgxxxxx hg init command failed. stderr abort repository . already exists  codepre  pI have been able check out Git repos with no issue. Is it me, or should TeamCity not even be calling hg init I would very much appreciate some assistance on this problem.p
Positive 802 pI use TortoiseHg and I have folders structure, as belowp  precodetestSet1      test1           filesystem                     input1.obj                     output1.obj           etalon1.obj           result1.obj      test2           filesystem                     input1.obj                     output1.obj           etalon1.obj           result1.obj      ......      errors.txt ...... result.xml codepre  pI need to ignore only .obj files located in directories testSetNtestN, but not in directories testSetNtestNfilesystem. I use glob pattern .obj in .hgignore, but it doesnt work. Mercurial just ignores all .obj files in all directories including filesystem directory. But if I use, for example, testSet1.obj, then everything works fine. How can I do what I need Its not necessary for me to use only glob syntax. I would be grateful for any way.p
Positive 802 pIm trying to convert a subversion repository to mercurial a one and at this point Im just banging my head against the wall. p  pOn the current windows server the following programs are installed  Visual SVN Server, TortoiseHg, Python2.7p  pIn my console I run the command p  blockquote   phg convert [dest] [source]p blockquote  pWhich gives a lot of errors about the repository being of different types and also thisp  blockquote   pcould not load Subversion python bindingsp blockquote  pAfter some googling I found that those bindings are supposed to be included with TortoiseHg, but as I already mentioned I have TortoiseHg installed and its still not working. I then tried to download the svn python bindings and read somewhere that I should add them in the Python27Libsitepackages directory but its still not working. I think that I maybe have to recompile those bindings with python or something, but Ive never used python so Im pretty lostp
Positive 802 pIm just starting to use Mercurial as a source control system. I was thinking of using the workflow similar to the one outlined here a hrefhttpstevelosh.comblog201005mercurialworkflowsstabledefault relnofollowhttpstevelosh.comblog201005mercurialworkflowsstabledefaulta. Basically, have two branches, one Stable and one Development. All development will be done on the Development branch, and only merged into the Stable branch when tested and ready for release.p  precodeo  v2.0   o added new feature o  V1.0   o added new feature    o fixed bug o  codepre  pI want to stop developers from accidentally pushing changes to the stable branch. How can I achieve this I know there are ways of hooking into certain Mercurial events, but which one could reject a push if it made changes to the stable branch And how can I detect that changes have been made in certain branches within a hookp  pIm running Windows 7 by the way.p  h1UPDATEh1  pThanks to criswel for his answer  it pointed me in the right direction. Turns out the ACL extension which comes with mercurial solved this problem. I edited the hgrc file in the main repos .hg folder to look like thisp  precode[extensions] acl    [hooks] pretxnchangegroup.acl  pythonhgext.acl.hook  [acl] sources  push  [acl.deny.branches] stable   codepre  pThis stops anyone from making changes to the stable branch and pushing them to the main repo. p
Positive 802 pIm aware of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17497455mercurialanycommandorpythonapitogetrepositorynamethis answera and maybe there is no solution to my problem in the end anyway. However, what I want to achieve is thisp  pWhenever a changeset for a repo on my server is incoming, I want to perform some custom tasks. I added a codehookscode section to codehgweb.configcodep  precode[hooks] changegroup  printenv gt tmptestenv.txt codepre  pFrom the info that codeprintenvcode gives me I see that Im able to extract my unique identifier for the repo, but not the name of project I do need the name of the repos root folder for an API call. Is there any way I can get this informationp
Positive 802 pMy colleague recently ask me to help him with precommit hook which block push to central repo. This is famous a hrefhttpshg.python.orghooksfiletipcheckheads.py relnofollowhttpshg.python.orghooksfiletipcheckheads.pyap  pAlgorithm of codecheckheads.pycode gather heads in branch ignoring changes from another branches by piecep  precodefor x in xrangep  1, end     if repo[x].branch  branch         continue codepre  pHistory contains merges from emdefaultem to emprodem and then back from emprodem to emdefaultem.p  pSo codecheckheads.pycode didnt find that changesets merged at emdefaultem connected in graph becase any path from emprodem branch are stripped and script report several heads in emdefaultem branch but codehg headscode reports single as it is.p  pMy question what useful DVCS workflow require merges between two branches in two wayp  pFamous a hrefhttpnvie.compostsasuccessfulgitbranchingmodel relnofollowhttpnvie.compostsasuccessfulgitbranchingmodela doesnt have criscross merges.p  pIs it ok to prevent merges back and forthp
Positive 802 pIm using TortoiseHG Mercurial. p  pI can commit my project to a local repository, but I cannot push my project to bitbucket. When I push my project, the system is starting push, but this action will have not finished. I have such screenp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comCx11M.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCx11M.jpg altTHG Main Screenap  pNext, I tried to recreate the repository on my hardDrive in the following way  I copied code.hgcode to another directory and push again. But I have the same problem.p  pI tried to recreate free repo on my bitbucket and after it I push my repo to cloud. But I still see the same problem.p
Positive 802 pI would like to be able to perform regular expressiontype searches on Mercurial changesets and display results using codelogcode.p  pIve come up with the following function, which seems to work, but has a number of possible bugs e.g. code1code is in line of text containing the word codechangesetcode. p  precodefunction hgs  hg log hg log  grep changeset  grep 1       sed schangeset g  sed s.g       awk print  r  0   export f hgs codepre  pAm I trying to recreate something here that already exists as a welltested solution elsewherep
Positive 802 pI was reading a hrefhttpsdocs.python.orgdevguidegitdevs.htmlbookmarks relnofollowthe docsa.  In the section about Mercurials bookmarks system, I read thisp  blockquote   pBookmarks can be used as an alternative to NamedBranches for tracking   multiple lines of development. Systems like Mercurial, CVS, and   Subversion store their branch information as a permanent part of each   commit. This is useful for future auditing of longlived branches, as   its always possible to identify which branch a commit was introduced   on. Git, by contrast, has branches that are not stored in history,   which is useful for working with numerous shortlived feature   branches, but makes future auditing impossible.p blockquote  pI tried searching the web for future auditing pertaining to mercurial, but almost every article has the exact same text as quoted above, as if they all ganked this documentation from the same place.p  pWhat is this mysterious future auditing that is supposedly impossible in gitp  pThank you.p
Positive 802 pI have been trying to solve this problem for several days.  The hgweb mailing list provided no useful clue.  I am going to try that later.  p  pI got authentication failure when tying to do hg push. All other functionality works.  I have read many posts and changed the permission of the repository to wwwdata, done all the proper configuration.  Even add 401.html 403.html and 404.html documents to .htaccess file.  p  pIf I put the correct passwords the apaches error.log will not show any entry but I still got authentication failure.  If I intentionally put a wrong password, I will see the error in the error.log file.  So everything seems to be set up correctly.  My hgserver is pretty recent.  My hg client is old.  So I complied the latest version version 3.5.100dda3692ec9b.  The problem still persists.p  pI am just about to conclude that hg is a piece of trash and switch to git.p  pIs there any expert in this forum.p
Positive 802 pWeve all been there at some point  you move a file using something other than Mercurials codehg movecode command and commit and push your changes only to realize your mistake much later. Is there any way to later inform Mercurial that there is a relationship between the old path and the new pathp  pIve tried playing with codeaftercode but that just seems to error out unless you happen to catch the problem before committing the problem changesetp  precode  gt hg move OLDPATH NEWPATH after   OLDPATH The system cannot find the file specified   abort no files to copy codepre  pIn my particular situation, this change was committed by a coworker across a messy private branch or two and then merged to our codedefaultcode branch and pushed to our main repo, so its already spread out to the entire team.p  pAny ideasp
Positive 802 pI have an existing mercurial alias for closing and merging feature branches written in bash. The problem is, that my colleagues with windows machines cannot use it. Mercurial is already delivered with Python, so question is whether it is possible to call python code in the alias. Then it would be OS independent.p  pre classlangsh prettyprintoverridecode[alias] closefeature  [ z 1 ] ampamp echo You have to specify the issue number ampamp exit 1          if hg branches  grep q fb1              then HG up fb1 HG commit m Close branch fb1. closebranch HG pull HG up default HG merge fb1 HG commit m Merge branch fb1 gt default.              else echo The branch fb1 does NOT exist          fi codepre
Positive 802 pWe are working on a project in Unity and we  have a mercurial repository on Bitbucket. We commit our changes to Bitbucket periodically and update our local repositories using TortoiseHg. So far, so good.p  pHowever, every time we change the place of an asset or change where on hierarchy it should be connected, we need to do it manually. It seems Unity does not find out automatically how these objects were connected on source device.p  pThe problem does not seem to be file conflicts as we tried to pull to a clean local repository and the problem persists.p  pIm new to Mercurial and Unity, but I guess there is a [configuration] file we are missing to include somewhere.p  pHas anyone worked out a better way to update the project so that every tweak works out of the box This can surely save people so much time and facilitate using version control on unity. I appreciate any help.p  pUnity version 5.1.1f2 Mercurial and TortoiseHg versions  3.4.2 both Working on 2 MacOs and a Windows 8 devicesp
Positive 802 pIm running into an error when pushing a local repository to the master repository located on a network share in Windows 7. Ive added a hook on the master repository to perform hg update on push. When Im running push from the local repository in the TortoiseHg, I get this error in the consolep  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File cPython26libsitepackagespy2exebootcommon.py, line 92, in ltmodulegt ImportError No module named linecache Traceback most recent call last   File ltinstall zipextimportergt, line 1, in ltmodulegt ImportError No module named zipextimporter Traceback most recent call last   File hg, line 10, in ltmodulegt ImportError No module named os warning changegroup hook exited with status 255 codepre  pThe push happens, but does not successfully execute the hook. Furthermore, it seems I get this error all the time I run the hg command in the command line, except when running it inside the CProgram FilesTortoiseHg directory. Ive put the CProgram FilesTortoiseHg in the codePATHcode environment variable, but without any success. The system is Windows 7 x64.p  pIn general TortoiseHg seem to work, like commit, update, push, pull... But finer details like hooks seem to not work. Ive installed Tortoise 3.5.1 ONLY, without any Mercurial or Python. Here is where Ive installed it fromp  pa hrefhttpbitbucket.orgtortoisehgfilesdownloadstortoisehg3.5.1x64.msi relnofollowhttpbitbucket.orgtortoisehgfilesdownloadstortoisehg3.5.1x64.msiap  pa hrefhttptortoisehg.bitbucket.orgdownloadindex.html relnofollowhttptortoisehg.bitbucket.orgdownloadindex.htmlap  pCan somebody help me Ive seen a similar question on StackOverflow, but the person had both Mercurial and TortoiseHg installed.p  pSo, why do I get these errors when running hg in the command line Why pushing from TortoiseHg GUI doesnt successfully execute the hook on the remote repositoryp
Positive 802 pI would like to abandon all changes in my bookmark and delete the bookmark itself.  I tried the instructions under a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4957721mercurialhowtodiscardalllocalchangesincludingtounversionedfilesMercurial  How to discard all local changes including to unversioned filesa  i.e hg revert .  In addition, I looked at a hrefhttpsmercurial.selenic.comwikiBookmarks relnofollowhttpsmercurial.selenic.comwikiBookmarksa where it says that the delete feature still leaves changed files. How do I go to a state where I can start afresh from the contents of the remote repositoryp
Positive 802 pAfter creating new master repository in mercurial I used to always run p  precodehg update 00 codepre  pit would only work with more one 0 ...p  pThis would remove all trackedcommitted files and folders from repository folder but not the repository and only leave .hg folder.  Ive learn this from my colleague in previous job and used it ever since. I like the cleanliness about the folder and used it only for master repository which is not edited directly only cloned.p  pWhat this command actually does and what is its alternative in GIT if anyp  pThank you.p
Positive 802 pI am using Tortoisehg and my repo is located on a network drive.  All files except one folder have been previously committed to the repo.p  pI right clicked on the network drive directory and selected Hg Commitp  pImmediately after the Hg Commit application starts, a dialog pops up showing failed to refresh [Errno 13 Permission denied]p  pHow can I fix this issuep
Positive 802 pWe are using Mercurial. I think there is a problem with a changeset. To make sure, I want to go back to the state before that changeset.p  pHow do i do that p
Positive 802 pIm using mercurial for revision control in Windows, but Id like to use a nice merge tool like TortoiseGitMerge.  How can I tell Mercurial to use TortoiseGitMerge for merge conflictsp
Positive 802 pIn TortoiseHgs settings, I can set push after commit to codeunspecifiedcode, codedefaultcode, or codedefaultpushcode. I understand codeunspecifiedcode, but whats the difference between codedefaultcode and codedefaultpushcodep  pI did my Googling, but couldnt find an explanation.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comWfilz.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comWfilz.jpg altenter image description hereap
Positive 802 pFrom the command line, which would be a good way to print a list of file names with more changes in a Mercurial repositoryp
Positive 802 pI am attempting to clone a github repo for the first time in windows.p  pI am following the instructions at a hrefhttpshggit.github.io relnofollowhttpshggit.github.ioa.  First I didp  precodepip install hggit codepre  pThis worked fine.p  pI then tried p  precodehg clone gitgithub.comnicodvkmodes.git  codepre  pfollowing the instructions for hggit but that failed withp  precodeabort repository gitgithub.comnicodvkmodes.git not found codepre  pI also tried the same with https.p  pWhat is the correct way to do thisp
Positive 802 pIn git we dop  precode git checkignore v build .gitignore3build     build codepre  pIs there any way to determine why a file is being ignored by codehgcodep
Positive 802 pI have web site hosted on IIS and try from that site perform codeMercurialcode pull request of repository. Authentication is configured in code.hghgrccode filep  precode[auth] bitbucket.org.prefix  bitbucket.org bitbucket.org.username  SomeUserName bitbucket.org.password   codepre  pI start new process to pull with additional argument debug to see what mercurial doesp  precodeProcess process  new Process process.StartInfo.FileName  Program FilesTortoiseHghg.exe process.StartInfo.WorkingDirectory  repositoryPath process.StartInfo.UseShellExecute  false process.StartInfo.RedirectStandardOutput  true process.StartInfo.RedirectStandardError  true process.StartInfo.Arguments  pull debug process.Start var output  process.StandardOutput.ReadToEnd var error  process.StandardError.ReadToEnd process.WaitForExit process.Close codepre  pFrom local machine it works perfectlyp  precodeOutput using httpsbitbucket.org sending capabilities command using auth.bitbucket.org. for authentication bitbucket.org certificate successfully verified using auth.bitbucket.org. for authentication http auth user SomeUserName, password  using auth.bitbucket.org. for authentication bitbucket.org certificate successfully verified comparing with httpsbitbucket.org query 1 heads sending batch command using auth.bitbucket.org. for authentication searching for changes all remote heads known locally no changes found Error codepre  pOn server running pull from command prompt works but on server from web site something goes wrong looks like it cant verify certificatep  precodeOutput using httpsbitbucket.org sending capabilities command using auth.bitbucket.org. for authentication Error abort Access is denied codepre
Positive 802 pSometimes when merging two branches in a Mercurial repository all symbolic links get corrupted, the resulting file is a file containing the path to the file instead of a proper symbolic link. This renders a failed build since the compiler will try to parse and build the file containing a path to the file it should have been compiling, hence compiling fails. Usually this renders all of the CocoaPods used corrupted and in some cases some of the precompiled frameworks that are stored in the repo are also corrupted  the fix is to perform a fresh install of pods empod installem or sometimes just empod updateem will do. The same goes for precompiled frameworks, these have to be imported again into the project and hence overwriting the corrupt frameworks files.p  pIs there any way to solve this without migrating from Mercurialp
Positive 802 pIve been working on an open source QT project that was previously using mercurial for source control. The project has moved onto using git. Or at least is moving onto git.p  pSo I have taken a copy of the project and used hg2git to generate a git directory pro tem and then removed the .hg directory. Now whenever I open the copy of the project with QT Creator it complains that it cant find the .hg directory. This isnt particularly surprising given it isnt there, but I cant find anywhere I can change to tell QT Creator that this particular project isnt using mercurial.p  pIs there some project setting Im missing I have other projects still using mercurial and dont want to switch it off for everything.p
Positive 802 pSuppose I want some mercurial settings to be avaliable to whole team. Is it ok true way to have .hghgrc under version control Is there any other solutionsp
Positive 802 pOn Server, running mercurialserver, I have two repos, repoA and repoB.p  pOn Client, I am able to clone and pull from both repoA and repoB.p  pBut on Client, I am only able to successfully push to repoA.  p  pWhen I try to push to repoB, I get this errorp  precode[user]virtualci[repoB] hg push f r tip pushing to sshhg[serveraddress][repoB] searching for changes searching for changes remote adding changesets remote adding manifests remote adding file changes remote added 1 changesets with 1 changes to 1 files 1 heads remote error pretxnchangegroup.access hook failed mercurialserver.access access denied for changeset c8dfb58454d4 remote transaction abort remote rollback completed remote abort mercurialserver.access access denied for changeset c8dfb58454d4 [user]virtualci[repoB] codepre  pIm on the same account, and thus using the same mercurialserver ssh key, as when Im successfully pushing to repoA.p  pI looked at the file permissions on Server at the files and directories of the two repositories, and they look the same.p  pWhy might it allow me to push to one repo and not anotherp
Positive 802 pI have the following section in my code.hgrccode file. Other settings there work perfectly well.p  pHowever thisp  precode[committemplate] changeset  descnn     HG Enter yo commit message.  Lines beginning with HG are removed.     HG extramsg     HG      HG user authornifeqp2rev, 1, ,    HG branch mergen    HG branch branchnifactivebookmark,    HG bookmark activebookmarkn   subrepos     HG subrepo subrepon              fileadds     HG added filen                   filemods     HG changed filen                 filedels     HG removed filen                 iffiles, ,    HG no files changedn codepre  pWhich I copied from a hrefhttpsselenic.comhghelphgrc relnofollowselenic page about hgrca, and added the codeyocode, to see if it worked. It didnt. Im using mercurial 3.5, downloaded and installed today from a hrefhttpswww.mercurialscm.org relnofollowhttpswww.mercurialscm.orgap
Positive 802 pI have a pretty large folder with many sub folders on a mercurial repository. I was a bit too fast with my first commit so I added a lot of files that i now realize shouldnt be on version control. Ive updated my .hgignore file accordingly but all the old files are still version controlled. Is there a command that I can write in the root directory that forgets all files that are in a folder of a specific name. These folder names exist in a lot of places and i want them all forgotten with one command since it would take a long time to go through them all manually and forget the foldersfilesp  pI guess it would maybe look something like this p  blockquote   phg ignore ..folderNamep blockquote
Positive 802 pIve created a branc B from master. After this, I have two new commits on master that I want to integrate into B branch. p  pWhat would it be the best strategy for this Should I simply merge master into Bp
Positive 802 pI need to convert a mercurial project to a git project, but I would like to keep the commit history intact with their sub repository to git. parent repository HG  sub repository HG  parent repository GIT  sub repository GIT I would like to find the exact revision of sub repository when I checkout a branchp
Positive 802 pI have created a fork of repository A in Bitbucket, and named it repository B1.p  pRepository A has branch default, branch1 and branch2.p  pI created a copy of A on my machine that has only branches default and branch1, lets call it A2.p  pThere was an error with my repository and I had to delete repository A which is the parent for fork B, from Bitbucket, thus leaving fork B without a parent.p  pI uploaded repository A2 on Bitbucket with the name A.p  pMy question is How can I make repository A be the parent of fork B, so i can use Bitbuckets sync parent optionp  pps I use mercurial as source control.p
Positive 802 pIm having Python 2.x problems on Ubuntu 15.04. I wanted to completely uninstall and reinstall Python. I cant uninstall Python because mercurialcommon depends on it. I try to remove that and I get an errorp  precode    sudo aptget remove purge mercurialcommon Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree        Reading state information... Done The following packages were automatically installed and are no longer required   gnomecontrolcenterdata gnomeicontheme gnomeiconthemesymbolic gnomesettingsdaemon libcolordgtk1 libexpat1dev libgoabackend1.01 libjsexcanvas libpython3dev   libpython3.4dev python3colorama python3dev python3distlib python3wheel python3.4dev Use aptget autoremove to remove them. The following packages will be REMOVED   mercurialcommon 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 1 to remove and 0 not upgraded. 1 not fully installed or removed. After this operation, 8,610 kB disk space will be freed. Do you want to continue [Yn] Y Reading database ... 206144 files and directories currently installed. Removing mercurialcommon 3.1.22deb8u1build0.15.04.2 ... Could not find platform independent libraries ltprefixgt Could not find platform dependent libraries ltexecprefixgt Consider setting PYTHONHOME to ltprefixgt[ltexecprefixgt] ImportError No module named site dpkg error processing package mercurialcommon purge  subprocess installed preremoval script returned error exit status 1 Could not find platform independent libraries ltprefixgt Could not find platform dependent libraries ltexecprefixgt Consider setting PYTHONHOME to ltprefixgt[ltexecprefixgt] ImportError No module named site dpkg error while cleaning up  subprocess installed postinstallation script returned error exit status 1 Errors were encountered while processing  mercurialcommon E Subprocess usrbindpkg returned an error code 1 codepre
Negative 802 pI have a couple old services that I want to completely uninstall. How can I do thisp
Negative 802 pThe title may not really explain what Im really trying to get at, couldnt really think of a way to describe what I mean.p  pI was wondering if it is good practice to check the arguments that a function accepts for nulls or empty before using them. I have this function which just wraps some hash creation like so.p  precodePublic Shared Function GenerateHashByVal FilePath As IO.FileInfo As String         If FilePath Is Nothing Then             Throw New ArgumentNullExceptionFilePath         End If          Dim sha As New Security.Cryptography.MD5CryptoServiceProvider         Dim Hash  Convert.ToBase64Stringsha.ComputeHashNew IO.FileStreamFilePath.FullName, IO.FileMode.Open, IO.FileAccess.Read         Return Hash     End Function codepre  pAs you can see I just takes a IO.Fileinfo as an argument, at the start of the function I am checking to make sure that it is not nothing. p  pIm wondering is this good practice or should I just let it get to the actual hasher and then throw the exception because it is null.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pI had an unusual problem yesterday where I was suddenly unable to insert records into a table with an identity column.p  pA simple insert like this INSERT INTO MyTable Column1, Column2 VALUES text, 236764p  pStarted throwing a primary key constraint violation. p  pI ran DBCC CHECKIDENT on the table, and realized that SQL Server had stopped updating the last used value, so that when it was inserting it was incrementing using the old value and the new identity value usually already existed in the table, hence the violation errors.p  pResolving the problem wasnt an issue, I just reseeded the table for the next highest sequence number, but Ive never seen this happen beforep  pDoes anyone have any idea what might cause SQL Server to stop updating identity properties, and where I might look for evidence There is no replication or any triggers involved, its just a plain old table.p  pEDIT SQL Log Rescue would have been ideal, but it only works on SQL Server 2000. Is there a similar tool out there for SQL 2005 logsp
Negative 802 pIm trying to add more syntax elements for codeZend Studiocode for eclipse. I want to change the color of the equal sign and it is not listed so I can change it. p  pView a hrefhttpimg90.imageshack.usmy.phpimagedddij4.jpg relnofollowstrongScreenshotstronga.p
Negative 802 pWe have a multilingual site that utilizes asp.net 2.0 cultures.  The current culture is set through the url rewritten as a query string.  esblah.aspx is the spanish version of blah.aspx  rewritten as blah.aspxlangesp  pThe code that tests the culture is as followsp  precode    System.Globalization.CultureInfo ci     try              ci  new System.Globalization.CultureInfoRequest.QueryString[lang]  string.Empty          catch              ci  new System.Globalization.CultureInfostring.Empty      codepre  pIf there is no culture set, it defaults to english, 127.  When there is a culture, all links on that page are then prepended with the correct culture name.p  pSome how or another a spider got a hold of a few links in the form of www.test.comblah.aspx and is hammering our site with a culture of www.test.com which and flooding our error logging.p  pIs there any way to test whether a culture name is valid besides catching an exceptionp
Negative 802 pI have WPF listview bound to collection of objects. Objects are  continuously added in to collection from remote server and same is  reflecting in to listview. Now we have requirement that we should be able to freeze listview for some time,           That is objects should still get added in to collection but should not appear in listview till we unfreeze it  we have button to freeze and unfreeze . What is the best way to do it, when listview is bound to collection  How to unbind collection and rebind it  and Will i still able to filter and sort when collection is unbound from listview   Waiting for answer please reply p  pRegards Sandeep  p
Negative 802 pObeying NDA restrictions I have to be vague.p  pIve been tasked to evaluate the feasibility of forcing a .dm file from my clients system to a cellular device.  So far I know I can send a smil payload with a txt amp gifjpg payload but not a .dm file.p  pInside of the DRM wrapper there is a header prefix before the payload starts.p  precode   ContentType audiompeg    ContentTransferEncoding binary codepre  pThe bridge from our stuff to the cellphone is via a SOAP bridge and whats screwing things up right now is that I have no idea what to tell it Im sending.p
Negative 802 pIn application frameworks I keep seeing frameworks that allow you to pass in multiple Int values generally used in place of an enum into a function. p  pFor examplep  precodepublic class Example       public class Values              public static final int ONE  0x7f020000         public static final int TWO  0x7f020001         public static final int THREE  0x7f020002         public static final int FOUR  0x7f020003         public static final int FIVE  0x7f020004           public static void mainString [] args           should evaluate just Values.ONE     Example.multiValueExampleValues.ONE       should evalueate just values Values.ONE,  Values.THREE, Values.FIVE     Example.multiValueExampleValues.ONE  Values.THREE  Values.FIVE       should evalueate just values Values.TWO , Values.FIVE     Example.multiValueExampleValues.TWO  Values.FIVE           public static void multiValueExampleint values      Logic that properly evaluates bitwise values     ...       codepre  pSo what logic should exist in multiValueExample for me to properly evaluate multiple int values being passed in using the bitwise operator p
Negative 802 pI am making an SQL database that stores contacts. I want to be able to delete contacts, and the correct id for each contact is crucial for my software connecting to it. Lets say I have contact James and he is the first one. His id is 0. I add Mary and her id is 1. If I delete James, how can Marys id be set to 0 instead of staying 1 It has to reset since she is the first one now. In other words, how can I reset all of the IDs in the database when someone gets deleted Thanksp
Negative 802 pIm building a flash site as3 with large videos that act as transitions from section to section.  The videos dont scale in order to accommodate users with large monitors, were planning on playing back HD video and only showing users the center of the frame depending on their screen size.  That is, there will be a central area of roughly 1024x768 that well assume that all users will be able to view and where most of the information will reside, but well want users with big screens to be able to view all of the information and the entire scene around it as well.p  pMy question is this does it make more sense from a performance perspective to encode the video as hidef FLV and play it back without modification, or to encode it at a reasonable resolution and then scale it to hidef with smoothing on the fly  Loading time is not an issue as all clips will only be a few seconds long and will preload completely prior to playback, so the bottleneck will likely be on the playback side of things.p  pMany thanksp
Negative 802 pI want to create a Visual Studio I am using VSTS 2008 project which simply does file copy work, in more details, I will add some files to this project and this project copy files included in this project to some destination location when I build the project.p  pAny ideas how to do this in VSTSp  pBTW I heard using proj file could do such kinds of task, but I have not found any good simple to learn samples for beginner. p  pthanks in advance, Georgep
Negative 802 pJavascriptp  pMetatag refreshp  pResponse.Redirect to selfp  pServer.Transfer to selfp  pAjax update panelp
Negative 802 pIn Management Studio, you can right click on the tables group to create a filter for the table list. Has anyone figured out a way to include multiple tables in the filter For example, Id like all tables with br and tbl to show up. p  pAnyone know how to do thisp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIs there away to cause a script to prevent running if an if statement is true even with GOsp  pFor example I want to do something similar to the followingp  precodeinsert into table1 col1, col2 value 1, 2 GO if existsselect  from table1 where col1  1   BEGIN     Cause Script to fail   END GO insert into table1 col1, col2 value 1, 2 Wont run codepre  pThe actual purpose of doing this is to prevent table create scriptsinsertsdeletesupdates from running more than once when we drop of packages for the DBAs to run.p
Negative 802 pId like to limit the memory usage for my Perl script, running on a Linux system. Ive been trying to use a hrefhttpsearch.cpan.orgperldocBSDResourceBSDResourceas codesetrlimitcode, but have been having problems. Id appreciate any pointers. Thank you.p
Negative 802 pIm creating silverlight without Visual Studio.  I just have raw html, XAML, and js javascript.p  pWhat I want to do is pass values from the XAML to the javascript.  I can call and activate javascript functions from XAML.  See below.  The canvas element has a mouse left button up event that calls LandOnSpace in the javascript.  p  pBut how would I call ShowMsg  Or more accurately, how would I pass values to that call  Normally in javascript you can just go ShowMsg500, 700, you owe us moneyp  pBut when I try that in the xaml code, it breaks something.  I believe it complains that the javascript function doesnt exist.p  blockquote   pp blockquote  precode        ltCanvas xNamebtnLandOnSpace BackgroundLightGreen MouseLeftButtonUpLandOnSpace             CursorHand Canvas.Top 0  Width70 Height50gt              ltTextBlock TextLandOnSpace  gt             ltCanvasgt codepre  blockquote   pp blockquote  precodefunction LandOnSpacesender, e   on server if ShipAnimateActive ampamp blnWaitingOnServer      blnWaitingOnServer  true     RunServerFunctionsqgamegetJSLLandOnSpace         ShowWaitingBox          else      alertWaiting on server.      function ShowMsgSintCost, SintRent , SstrChoiceText   blnPayChoice  true     intCost  SintCost      intRent  SintRent      strChoiceText  SstrChoiceText     codepre  blockquote   pp blockquote
Negative 802 pI want to create a virtual printer driver for Windows. Where should I start The WDK has some printing drivers examples, but nothing I can use. MSDN doesnt seem to be very helpful.p  pThere are a lot of virtual printers for Windows out there mostly they generate PDFs, how do they do itp  pAny links to the documentation I seem to miss are appreciated.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pEDITp  pI am basically running into the following a hrefhttpjira.springframework.orgbrowseSPR5705 relnofollow titledocumented issuesdocumented issuea. I am using the maven assembly plugin to generate a jar file that includes my dependencies so that my project can be run from a single file. However, the jar file is not being built properly it seems. The below was an attempt to try and work around the issue. Has anyone run into this beforep  pSo I am trying to build a jar file that includes all of my dependencies packed and my project artifact jar unpacked. p  pI tried doing something to the effect of p  precodeltassemblygt   ltidgtjarwithdependenciespackedltidgt   ltformatsgt     ltformatgtjarltformatgt   ltformatsgt   ltincludeBaseDirectorygtfalseltincludeBaseDirectorygt   ltdependencySetsgt     ltdependencySetgt       ltunpackgttrueltunpackgt       ltunpackOptionsgt           ltincludesgt               ltincludegtartifactnameltincludegt           ltincludesgt       ltunpackOptionsgt       ltscopegtruntimeltscopegt       ltoutputDirectorygtlibltoutputDirectorygt     ltdependencySetgt   ltdependencySetsgt ltassemblygt codepre  pHowever, the resulting jar file includes only the METAINF directory... When I say to unpack, but unpack only my includes, does that mean the original jar files arent includedp  pWhen I run the jar I receive the following p  precodeException in thread main java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError Caused by org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.BeanDefinitionParsingException Configuration problem Unable to locate Spring NamespaceHandler for XML schema namespace httpwww.springframework.orgschemautil Offending resource class path resource [applicationContext.xml]  at org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.FailFastProblemReporter.errorFailFastProblemReporter.java68 at org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.ReaderContext.errorReaderContext.java85 at org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing.ReaderContext.errorReaderContext.java80 at org.springframework.beans.fac codepre  ptory.xml.BeanDefinitionParserDelegate.errorBeanDefinitionParserDelegate.java281p
Negative 802 pI created a standard strongASP.NET MVCstrong project and then added a strongSQL Expressstrong database in the strongAppDatastrong folder. The connection string is recorded into the strongweb.configstrong file. I then created a strongLINQ to SQLstrong data model for the database. I want to test the data model from my Test project but I dont know how to go about this correctly because I am using an attached database. Since the database is attached to the MVC project and not the Test project, how would I be able to access it from the Test projectp
Negative 802 pIm getting Msg 18456, Level 14, State 1, Line 1 Login failed for user NT AUTHORITYANONYMOUS LOGON. from when trying to execute the code below. Ive change all of the critical information, but you should get the idea.p  pAre some of my parameter incorrect The local sql admin username is correct and the remote username and password is correct, but it still keeps telling me that the login failed. Any ideasp  pOverall, are there other changes I need to make Can I insert data this wayp  pBoth DBs are sql server 2005. One is local, one is offsite and accessible via a secure vpn tunnel. I have no trouble acessing the offsite DB using SSMS using the username and password ive been providedthose ive been using in my SP.p  precode establish the linked server and login.    EXEC spaddlinkedserver   serverSERVER1,srvproduct,providerSQLNCLI, datasrcSERVER IP ADDRESS  EXEC spaddlinkedsrvlogin SERVER1, false, LOCAL SQL ADMIN USERNAME, REMOTE USERNAME, REMOTE PASSWORD  insert into [SERVER1].DATABASE.dbo.INSERTTABLE.... select fields from localtable   drop the linked server and login EXEC SpDropServer SERVER1, droplogins codepre
Negative 802 pIf I have an ASP.NET codebehind, is there a way to compile the path of that file into the file somehowp
Negative 802 pIm trying to create a batch file which starts a program to monitor processes for example at 1 a.m and continues for an hour and then around 2 a.m stops this program and saves the log file to specific location.p  pSTART MAX CProcmon.exep  pHow can I do thisp
Negative 802 pI dont know in my site someone register without filling whole required detail.Though I have javascript validation on my registration page also have captcha.what should I do to prevent this type of illegal registration p
Negative 802 pI have a response XML something like this p  precodeltResponsegt ltaagt ltFromheregt lta1gtContentlta1gt lta2gtContentlta2gt ltFromheregt ltaagt ltResponsegt codepre  pI want to extract the whole content from codeltFromheregtcode to codeltFromheregtcode in a string. Is it possible to do that through any string function or through XML parserp  pPlease advice.p
Negative 802 pI have the reports in codereportstemplatesContractorBill.jrxmlcode and the results in  codereportsresultscode. It works fine in Netbeans 6.5, but when i copy the codedistcode folder containing exec jar file to a new place and run the jar it throws this exception.p  pI also created the report folder in the new place, and it still generates the same exception.p  precodeAug 5, 2009 101158 PM cbs.ui.ReportUI GenerateReport SEVERE null net.sf.jasperreports.engine.JRException Error compiling report java source file s  CDocuments and SettingsMohanish TimbleDesktopswContractorBillold124 9490518017973633.java         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.design.JRJavacCompiler.compileClassesJRJ avacCompiler.java93         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.design.JRAbstractClassCompiler.compileUni tsJRAbstractClassCompiler.java67         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.design.JRAbstractCompiler.compileReportJ RAbstractCompiler.java190         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.JasperCompileManager.compileReportJasper CompileManager.java220         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.JasperCompileManager.compileReportJasper CompileManager.java153         at cbs.ui.ReportUI.GenerateReportReportUI.java202         at cbs.ui.ReportUI.btnGenerateBillActionPerformedReportUI.java151         at cbs.ui.ReportUI.access100ReportUI.java38         at cbs.ui.ReportUI2.actionPerformedReportUI.java85         at javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.AbstractButtonHandler.actionPerformedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleasedUnknown Sour ce         at java.awt.Component.processMouseEventUnknown Source         at javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.processEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Container.processEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runUnknown Source Caused by java.io.IOException Cannot run program javac CreateProcess error 2, The system cannot find the file specified         at java.lang.ProcessBuilder.startUnknown Source         at java.lang.Runtime.execUnknown Source         at java.lang.Runtime.execUnknown Source         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.design.JRJavacCompiler.compileClassesJRJ avacCompiler.java62         ... 33 more Caused by java.io.IOException CreateProcess error2, The system cannot find th e file specified         at java.lang.ProcessImpl.createNative Method         at java.lang.ProcessImpl.ltinitgtUnknown Source         at java.lang.ProcessImpl.startUnknown Source         ... 37 more Exception in thread AWTEventQueue0 java.lang.NullPointerException         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.fill.JRFiller.createFillerJRFiller.java 138         at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.fill.JRFiller.fillReportJRFiller.java57          at net.sf.jasperreports.engine.JasperFillManager.fillReportJasperFillMa nager.java402         at cbs.ui.ReportUI.GenerateReportReportUI.java218         at cbs.ui.ReportUI.btnGenerateBillActionPerformedReportUI.java151         at cbs.ui.ReportUI.access100ReportUI.java38         at cbs.ui.ReportUI2.actionPerformedReportUI.java85         at javax.swing.AbstractButton.fireActionPerformedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.AbstractButtonHandler.actionPerformedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.fireActionPerformedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel.setPressedUnknown Source         at javax.swing.plaf.basic.BasicButtonListener.mouseReleasedUnknown Sour ce         at java.awt.Component.processMouseEventUnknown Source         at javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.processEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Container.processEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplUnknown Source         at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsUnknown Source         at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runUnknown Source codepre
Negative 802 pI have a table of employees and their schedule, like sop  precodeEmpName  Date    Smith     08012009 Jones     08012009 Goodman   08022009 Smith     08022009 Jones     08022009 Goodman   08032009 codepre  pHow would I write a query so that the results were only employee names of employees working on code08022009code and code08032009code.p  pIm getting caught up because all I can think of are ways to get the names for EITHER match, but I cant seem to find the right way to get the results for only the names that have matches for all search criteria across multiple rows.p  pSo based on the example conditions, I should only get Goodman. But if I do a query like codeWHERE Date IS list of datescode I would get Goodman and Smith and Jones, since Smith and Jones both work on 08022009. If I try to do some kind of JOIN, I would not always end up  with equal columns, since the number of days each employees works is variable.p  pI thought Union might be the way to go, but I wouldnt always know how may conditions someone was searching by.p
Negative 802 pIs it possible to return a string between 2 strings, using regex  For example, if I have this stringp  pstring  this is a test stringp  pCan I write a function to return the word test using a regexp  pEdit Sorry, Im using Cp
Negative 802 pIf there are 2 columns in database, eg.p  precodecode varchar3 name nvarchar50 codepre  pHow to tell hibernate to pass varchar for searching by codep  pIn the hibernate mappings string is mapped to nvarchar and it produces queries likep  precodeSelect code, name From table where codeNAAA  instead of codeAAA codepre  pThis is very bad as it causes index scan instead of index seek operation scanning all index nodes instead of directly going to requested onep  pAs code is used in millions of rows as well as in several indexes and foreign keys, changing it from varchar to nvarchar will cause performance degradation more IO operations as nvarchar uses twice more space than varchar.p  pIs there any way to tell hibernate to do mapping according to database type, not to Java typep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have c windows form which have several controls on it, part of the controls are located one on another. I want a function that will take for input a control from the form and will return the image that has to be behind the control. for ex if the form has backgroundimage and contains a button on it  if Ill run this function Ill got the part of backgroundimage that located behind the button. any Idea  and codep  pHELPp
Negative 802 pRecently we are going to develop some products on mobile phone specially for 3g. There are many platforms about mobile phones iPhone OS, Symbian, Blackberrys. If I want to develop a product, should I use Java or write every program for the main platformsp  pParticular one question for iPhone development are there many Java programs on iPhone Most iphone app Ive seen are developed by their own xCode.p  pI need some guidance on how to do coding for mobiles correctly. p
Negative 802 pThere is a part of the iPhone app that Im developing where you can send images using the in app mail in iPhone 3.0. Selecting an image from the camera roll works perfectly, but when I try to go from the camera to the email ie  from the UIImagePickerController to the MFMailComposeViewController, the application crashes. p  pThis is the code for running the camera  p  precode BOOLstartCameraPickerFromViewControllerUIViewControllercontroller usingDelegateidltUIImagePickerControllerDelegate, UINavigationControllerDelegategtdelegateObject       if  [UIImagePickerController isSourceTypeAvailableUIImagePickerControllerSourceTypeCamera]  delegateObject  nil  controller  nil          return NO     UIImagePickerController picker  [[UIImagePickerController alloc] init]     picker.sourceType  UIImagePickerControllerSourceTypeCamera     picker.delegate  delegateObject     picker.allowsImageEditing  NO     [controller presentModalViewControllerpicker animatedYES]     return YES  codepre  pAnd this is the code for finishing with the camera   p  precode voidimagePickerControllerUIImagePickerController picker didFinishPickingImageUIImage image editingInfoNSDictionary editingInfo      NSLogCalled finish picking     self.imageForSending  theImage         NSData imageData  UIImageJPEGRepresentationimage, 1      [[picker parentViewController] dismissModalViewControllerAnimatedYES]     [ChannelTwoAppDelegate  [[UIApplication sharedApplication] delegate] recoverNavigationBar]      [self performSelectorselectorsendEmail withObjectnil afterDelay0.45]     [picker release]  codepre  pAnd this is the code for sending the mail   p  precode void sendEmail       [ChannelTwoAppDelegate  [[UIApplication sharedApplication] delegate] hideNavigationBar]     if [MFMailComposeViewController canSendMail]              UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleNSLocalizedString,  messageNSLocalizedString     ,                                                         delegateself cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitles nil]         [alert show]            [alert release]          else              MFMailComposeViewController controller  [[MFMailComposeViewController alloc] init]         controller.mailComposeDelegate  self         [[controller navigationBar] setTintColor[UIColor colorWithRed120.0255.0 green0 blue0 alpha1.0]]         NSData imageData  UIImageJPEGRepresentationimageForSending, 1         [controller addAttachmentDataimageData mimeTypeimagejpg fileNamestoryImage.jpg]         [controller setSubject]         [controller setToRecipients[NSArray arrayWithObject]]         [self presentModalViewControllercontroller animatedYES]         [controller release]        codepre  pI erased the email address and the subject since it is less relevant. p  pThe crash happens at presentModalViewController of the email. Again  this exact code work perfectly when selecting an image from the camera roll... p  pHelp   Ive been fighting with this one for a while and could really use some new input.  Thanksp
Negative 802 pThere is a check box in my webform. whenever i tick it ..and click on back button it will not retain its state ..when i comeback using the next button to the same page.p  pNote view state is enabled in the control p  pThere is no code in the page load event p  pCode belowp  precodeProtected Sub chkBxSRwuSelectedIndexChangedByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As EventArgs Handles chkBxSRwu.SelectedIndexChanged     Dim i As Integer     i  0     Try         For i  0 To chkBxSRwu.Items.Count  1             If chkBxSRwu.Itemsi.Selected Then                 Select Case chkBxSRwu.Itemsi.Value                     Case SRMR                         chkbxSR.Checked  True                     Case SkMR                         chkbxSkRoom.Checked  True                     Case SCSS                         chkbxadmin.Checked  True                     Case CSMR                         chkbxsalesFloor.Checked  True                     Case TEAMLEADER                         rbtl.Enabled  True                         chkbxtlAdmin.Enabled  True                         chkbxtlJewellery.Enabled  True                         chkbxtlSalesFloor.Enabled  True                         chkbxtlSkRoom.Enabled  True                         rbtl.Items0.Enabled  True                         rbtl.Items1.Enabled  True                         rbtl.Items2.Enabled  True                         rbtl.Items3.Enabled  True                         ReqiredFieldValidator1.Enabled  True                    End Select             Else                 Select Case chkBxSRwu.Itemsi.Value                     Case SRMR                         chkbxSR.Enabled  False                         chkbxSR.Checked  False                     Case SkMR                         chkbxSkRoom.Enabled  False                         chkbxSkRoom.Checked  False                     Case SCSS                         chkbxadmin.Enabled  False                         chkbxadmin.Checked  False                     Case CSMR                         chkbxsalesFloor.Enabled  False                         chkbxsalesFloor.Checked  False                     Case TEAMLEADER                         chkbxtlAdmin.Enabled  False                         chkbxtlAdmin.Checked  False                         chkbxtlJewellery.Enabled  False                         chkbxtlJewellery.Checked  False                         chkbxtlSalesFloor.Enabled  False                         chkbxtlSalesFloor.Checked  False                         chkbxtlSkRoom.Enabled  False                         chkbxtlSkRoom.Checked  False                         rbtl.Items0.Enabled  False                         rbtl.Items1.Enabled  False                         rbtl.Items2.Enabled  False                         rbtl.Items3.Enabled  False                         ReqiredFieldValidator1.Enabled  False                 End Select             End If         Next      Catch ex As Exception      End Try End Sub codepre
Negative 802 pI have a simple bash script that pipes output of one process to another.  Namely.p  precodedostuff  filterstuff codepre  pIt happens that on my Linux system openSUSE if it matters, kernel 2.6.27 these both processes run on a single core.  However, running different emprocessesem on different cores is a default policy that doesnt happen to trigger in this case.p  pWhat component of the system is responsible for that and what should I do to utilize multicore featurep  pstrongNotestrong that theres no such problem on 2.6.30 kernel.p  pstrongClarificationstrong  Having followed a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comusers26428denniswilliamsonDennis Williamsonas advice, I made emsureem with top program, that piped processes are indeed emalwaysem run on the same processor.  Linux scheduler, which usually does a really good job, this time doesnt do it.p  pI figure that something in bash prevents OS from doing it.  The thing is that I need a emportableem solution for both multicore and singlecore machines.  The codetasksetcode a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1398588howtorunprocessespipedwithbashonmultiplecores13986591398659solutiona proposed by a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comusers26428denniswilliamsonDennis Williamsona wont work on singlecore machines.  Currently Im using,p  precodedostuff  taskset c 0 filterstuff  codepre  pbut this seems like a dirty hack.  Could anyone provide a better solutionp
Negative 802 pI want to use IntelliJs findandreplace feature to perform the following transformationp  precode Replace this model.putfoo, bar  With this model[foo]  bar codepre  pIve tried the followingp  pText to find codemodel.put.,.code Replace with codemodel[1]  2codep  pBut Intellij doesnt seem to recognise code1code and code2code as backreferences. Ive also tried a single slash, but that doesnt work either.p  pThanks, Donp
Negative 802 pI am trying to detect the height of a div that I am loading content into. This div does not have a specified height, as I am loading pages into it and they themselves fill up the div in different amounts. I think the code I am using is not workingp  pThe codecontent divcode is getting the correct height on codedocument loadcode, however I cannot get the height when the codeloadcode event is clickedp  phtmlp  precodeltdiv idselectgt ltdiv idmenugt     ltulgt     ltligtlta classload hrefjavascriptvoid0 idp1gtP1ltagtltligt     ltligtlta classload hrefjavascriptvoid0 idp2gtP2ltagtltligt     ltulgt ltdivgt ltdiv idspacergtltdivgt ltdiv idcontentgtltdivgt codepre  pcssp  precodecontent      left 227px     top 20px     width 703px     padding 0 0 100px 0     position absolute       spacer      borderright 2px solid 000000     left 10px     position absolute     top 710px     width 215px      codepre  pmy jqueryp  precodedocument.readyfunction      Load Initial Content     content.htmlltulgtltligtLoading Content...ltligtltulgt         .loadcontent  projects.php, null, function              contentHeight  content.height             selectHeight  select.height              content.heightcontentHeight             select.heightselectHeight             spacer.heightcontentHeight  selectHeight  40  px                         .csstop selectHeight  40  px                    Load content on click function     .load.clickfunction         loadName  this.attrid         content.htmlltulgtltligtLoading Content...ltligtltulgt                      .loadcontent  loadName  .php, null, function                          contentHeight  content.height                          selectHeight  select.height                           spacer.height0                           ifselectHeight gt contentHeight                           spacer.cssdisplay none                           else                           spacer.csstop selectHeight  40  px, display block                                       .heightcontentHeight  selectHeight  40  px                          return false                                                           codepre  pI am getting this in firebug on loadp  precodeltdiv idselect styleheight 689pxgt ltdiv idspacer styleheight 5461px top 729pxgt ltdiv idcontent styleheight 6190pxgt codepre  pNow if I click on say P2, the div with content height stays the same, even though the actual content inside the div is only 625px tall so it is not getting switchedp
Negative 802 pAnyone got anything about reading a sequential number from text file per line and parsing it to an array in Cp  pWhat I have in a filep  precode12 3 45 6 7 8 3 5 6 7 7 0 1 4 5 codepre  pWhat I want in my programp  precodearray1[]  12, 3, 45, 6, 7, 8 array2[]  3, 5, 6, 7 array3[]  7, 0, 1, 4, 5 codepre  pIve been through several ways to read it, but the only matter is only when i want to tokenize it per line. Thank you.p
Negative 802 pI must have uninstalled something recently because the Data Connections no longer work.  When I try to expand the Tables node, I get thisp  phr p  h2Microsoft Visual Studioh2  h2Could not load file or assembly Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Sdk.Sfc, Version10.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken89845dcd8080cc91 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified.h2  h2OK   h2  pWhat do I need to install to make it workp  pUsing Windows XP, VS2008 SP1p
Negative 802 pI noticed in my current project that Firefox 3.5.4 downloads the background image set in CSS for my divs more than once.p  pIve checked with both firebug and wireshark and it really does appear that it does not wait for the first request to finish and then simply use the cached version.p  pWireshark also confirms that Chrome and IE8 do as expected and only request the image once.p  pAny ideas what might be causing thisp  pHere is a small testp  pa hrefhttpnicholasclarke.co.ukSprite5FTest relnofollowSample Pageap  porp  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltstylegt one  height 300px width100 background FFF urlrandom.jpg  two  height 300px width100 background FFF urlrandom.jpg  three  height 300px width100 background FFF urlrandom.jpg  ltstylegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idonegtltdivgt ltdiv idtwogtltdivgt ltdiv idthreegtltdivgt ltbodygt codepre  pp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI opened up a bug request as I could not find one already on bugzilla, but it turns out to be an old bug with 3.5.p  pa hrefhttpsbugzilla.mozilla.orgshow5Fbug.cgiid497665 relnofollowhttpsbugzilla.mozilla.orgshowbug.cgiid497665ap
Negative 802 pIm a little confused here. I read some of the earlier questions on https caching but I didnt get a clear answer.p  pIve got a script sitting on a hrefhttpswww.example.commain.php relnofollowhttpswww.example.commain.phpap  pIt generates an html page that refers to imagescssjs resources sitting relatively at css javascript images abimg2 p  pHow do I enable caching for these resources I have access to modifying the header output of the main.php script.p  phr p  pEdit Solution as belowp  precodeSet a far expiration date for components ltifmodule modexpires.cgt ExpiresActive On   ltfilesmatch .jpgjpeggifpngcssjsgt        ExpiresDefault access plus 6 months    ltfilesmatchgt ltifmodulegt  add ETag for components FileETag MTime Size codepre
Negative 802 pI used made a fft to make a band pass filter. After that I made the ifft to inverse it and pass it to time domain.p  pMy ifft has the same length of the fft.p  pThe ifft must be longer or is there a way to make it longer How do I pass this ifft to .wavp
Negative 802 pI have a datagridview in a .NET winform app. I would like to rightclick on a row and have a menu pop up. Then i would like to select things such as copy, validate, etcp  pHow do i make A a menu pop up B find which row was right clicked. I know i could use selectedIndex but i should be able to right click without changing what is selected right now i could use selected index but if there is a way to get the data without changing what is selected then that would be useful.p
Negative 802 pRight now Im storing the user who last updated the state of my model in the codestatelastupdatedbyidcode field and the time the state was last updated in the codestateupdatedatcode field. Then I define methods like thisp  precode  def publishedat     return unless state  published     stateupdatedat   end    def publishedby     return unless state  published     statelastupdatedby   end    def nominatedforpublishingat     return unless state  underreview     stateupdatedat   end    def nominatedforpublishingby     return unless state  underreview     statelastupdatedby   end codepre  pThis clearly wont scale and isnt a great approach to begin with  whats the right way to do thisp
Negative 802 pI am sending mail to mail id with a formpage in a stronghtmlstrong format. Page is showing on mail id but my strongcssstrong is not applying on mail and images are not showing. Only text is showing without CSS and Images. p
Negative 802 precodegrant       permission java.io.FilePermission Cclass, read, write      permission java.lang.RuntimePermission createClassLoader  codepre  pMy policy.txtp  precodejava.security.AccessControlException access denied java.io.FilePermission cclass read     at java.security.AccessControlContext.checkPermissionUnknown Source     at java.security.AccessController.checkPermissionUnknown Source     at java.lang.SecurityManager.checkPermissionUnknown Source     at java.lang.SecurityManager.checkReadUnknown Source     at java.io.File.isDirectoryUnknown Source     at java.io.File.toURIUnknown Source     at loader.Main.mainMain.java35 codepre  pMy exception..p  pMy callp  precodeString path  cclass String app  x.MyHTMLPrint   File file  new Filepath URL url  file.toURI.toURL URL[] urls  new URL[]url  ClassLoader cl  new URLClassLoaderurls Class cls  cl.loadClassapp codepre  pAs soon as I give it full Permission it works.p  pany ideas thxp
Negative 802 pWe are developing an application with a base entity with more than 10 childs which inherited from it.p  pWhen we make any request with Linq to the base entity we get a SQL statement with a UNION ALL for each child. To make a Count over the base entity it takes near one second and getting only one row can takes two seconds.p  pFor this codep  precodepublic bool Existsint appId, string loginName, DateTime userRegDate, long ahsayId              var backupsets  from backupset in entities.AhsayBackupSets                          where                             backupset.User.Appliance.Id  appId ampamp                             backupset.User.LoginName  loginName ampamp                             backupset.User.RegistrationDate  userRegDate ampamp                             backupset.AhsayId  ahsayId                          select backupset         return backupsets.Count gt 0      codepre  p, we get this SQL sentencep  precodeexec spexecutesql NSELECT  [GroupBy1].[A1] AS [C1] FROM  SELECT      COUNT1 AS [A1]     FROM    [dbo].[AhsayBackupSets] AS [Extent1]     LEFT OUTER JOIN  SELECT      [UnionAll9].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll8].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll7].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll6].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll5].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll4].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll3].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll2].[C1] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [UnionAll1].[Id] AS [C1]     FROM  SELECT      [Extent2].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayOracleBackupSets] AS [Extent2]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent3].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsaySystemStateBackupSets] AS [Extent3] AS [UnionAll1]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent4].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayMysqlBackupSets] AS [Extent4] AS [UnionAll2]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent5].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayMssqlBackupSets] AS [Extent5] AS [UnionAll3]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent6].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayFileBackupSets] AS [Extent6] AS [UnionAll4]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent7].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayExchangeServerBackupSets] AS [Extent7] AS [UnionAll5]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent8].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayDominoBackupSets] AS [Extent8] AS [UnionAll6]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent9].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayNotesBackupSets] AS [Extent9] AS [UnionAll7]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent10].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayShadowProtectBackupSets] AS [Extent10] AS [UnionAll8]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent11].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayWindowsSystemBackupSets] AS [Extent11] AS [UnionAll9]     UNION ALL     SELECT      [Extent12].[Id] AS [Id]     FROM [dbo].[AhsayExchangeMailBackupSets] AS [Extent12] AS [UnionAll10] ON [Extent1].[Id]  [UnionAll10].[C1]     LEFT OUTER JOIN [dbo].[AhsayUsers] AS [Extent13] ON [Extent1].[AhsayUserId]  [Extent13].[Id]     INNER JOIN [dbo].[AhsayUsers] AS [Extent14] ON [Extent1].[AhsayUserId]  [Extent14].[Id]     WHERE [Extent13].[ApplianceId]  plinq0 AND [Extent13].[LoginName]  plinq1 AND [Extent14].[RegistrationDate]  plinq2 AND [Extent1].[AhsayId]  plinq3   AS [GroupBy1],Nplinq0 int,plinq1 nvarchar4000,plinq2 datetime,plinq3 bigint,plinq02,plinq1Nantonio,plinq220091022 180717,plinq31256305376226 codepre  pAs you can imagine, it takes a lot of time in this case, 1 second, but there is another sentence a lot bigger which takes 4 seconds, and this query is made many times.p  pIs there some way to reduce the SQL overhead We know we can use stored procedures for heavy sentences but we dont want to lose the Linq flexibility.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pWhen you compile a C project, the app settings from app.config are saved along with the exe file. For example, if the program name is solvenp.exe, there will be a solvenp.exe.config next to it, making it look less neat than I want it to. How can you embed it into the .exep  pI tried to set Build Action to Embed Resource, but that did not do the trick.p
Negative 802 pI have GPS coordinates on all of my photos. I want to include tagsIPTC data for the city, state, zip, etc.. However all I have is the GPS coordinates. How can I take these and get meaningful info in an automated fashion I have thousands upon thousands of photos, so typing each one into google maps would not work.p
Negative 802 pI have this simple codep  precodelthtmlgt ltbodygt  ltform namef1gt ltaspLabel namelbl  runatserver TextLabel onclicklblClickgtltaspLabelgt ltformgt  ltscript typetextjavascriptgt  function lblClick document.f1.lbl.textnew text ltscriptgt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIt doesnt work, it gives me Microsoft JScript runtime error document.getElementById... is null or not an object ... ,  I cant even change the label text ....whyp
Negative 802 pI am studying for a final and have a few questions about RMI and CORBA. These are discussion questions taken from a study guide so there is no real application context around them.p  ol liWhy are RMI and CORBA based on TCP The question states to answer in terms of invocation semantics. li ol  pWhat I have thought of so far is that TCP is going to be more reliable than UDP and in RMICORBA, we want network reliability. I also read somewhere that TCP is deeply embedded in the native Java networking classes. I am not as confident in this statement since CORBA can be implemented in any language.p  ol liDiscuss the difference between the RMI and CORBA name service.li ol  pI am a little confused about this question because what I have read so far is that RMI and CORBA are converging technologies and RMI can access CORBA objects. How I understand it now, the name services seem to be very similar and any differences are not worth noting.p  ol liWhy does RMI need dynamic invocation explicitly unlike CORBAli ol  pI havent came up with anything.p  pI realize I am asking three different questions, but they all seem to related. p
Negative 802 pI have a PrismSL3 application with a tab control and each page of the tab control is a Region that has its own view and viewModel. when I want to validate the main page, I call dataForm.ValidateItem, then I go to all the child views and do the same. the problem is, only the pages which user has clicked on them on the tab page, get instantiated and the pages that are never shown, dont have their view instantiated, thus I cant validate them. any helpp
Negative 802 pIs there any tool for ER modeling and then converting models to a Microsoft SQL Server databasep  pThe tool should has this featuresp  ul liER Diagrams shoud be in UML Notation see a hrefhttpupload.wikimedia.orgwikipediacommonsff1ERD5FRepresentation.svg relnofollowthisa, the last is UML notation.li liExport models to a Microsoft SQL Server 20052008 database by creating a mdf file or connecting to a MSSQL Server and creating suitable database in it.li ul  pI tried Microsoft Visio but seems not support UML Notation nor Exporting to MS SQL Server.br I also tried Visual Paradigm but im not sure i could export models to MS SQL Server.p
Negative 802 pMy friend and I maintain a submission site with comments. We want to know if it is possible to have a constant AJAX connection. Basically, each submission has a comments section. My friend had an idea of having an alert appear on the page everytime a new comment came in. So, would it be possible to keep up a constant link between the AJAX object and a PHP script that queries the comment database If so, how If not, is there another way to do itp
Negative 802 pForgive me if this a stupid question, I admit I havent thought about it much.p  pBut when would you favour using a callback i.e, passing in a Func or Action, as opposed to exposing and using an eventp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pWhat motivated this question was the following problemp  blockquote   pI have a ThingsHandler class, which   can be associated with a ThingEditor.   The ThingsHandler handles a list of   Things, knows their order, which one is current, when new   ones are added or deleted etc.  p      pThe ThingEditors can just modify a single   thing. p      pThe ThingsHandler needs to alert   the ThingEditor when the user selects   a new Thing to edit, and the   ThingEditor needs to alert the   ThingsHandler when the user says   done.p blockquote  pWhat bothers me is having these two classes holding references to each other  though I guess thats inevitable  or binding to events in both directions. I wondered if using a callback in one direction was cleaner.p  pI suspect there is a design pattern for this, and humbly apologise for my ignorance and sloth.p
Negative 802 pI was wondering if its possible to have an ASP.NET AJAX custom usercontrol register its use of CSS files like it does with JS files.  p  pEg Implementing the IScriptControl interface allows for the GetScriptReferences to be called by the Script Manager, is there a similar thing for CSS filesp
Negative 802 pI have a java application which uses JNI in some parts to do some work. It follows the usual loading of DLL and then calling native methods of DLL. Is there any way we can restrict what native methods can do from the java application For example, can we restrict DLLs not to open any files or not to open any sockets even if it has the code to do it It can just forbid DLLs it loads for doing certain things, may be by loggin something or throwing an exception.p
Negative 802 pIve added a resize event to one of my widgets, which looks like thisp  precodevoid glControlResizeobject sender, EventArgs e  codepre  pIs there a way I can get the old size of the widget before resizing Maybe I can cast codeecode to something that will give me more info Or should I just save it during that eventp
Negative 802 pRecently weve developed an ECommerce web application for a client. We are at the stage before launch and the client is not happy to disclosing live merchant account details to us because they dont want us to potentially being able to see their clients data.p  pSince we are going to maintain their website running off their servers but we will still have access to the site files I cannot see an easy solution to this other than trust.p  pHow to implement and maintain Ecommerce application when business dont want to disclose merchant details to developersp
Negative 802 pI know in C, youre able to peek at the next character by using codein.peekcode.p  pHow would I go about this when trying to peek at the next character of a file in Cp
Negative 802 pIm working with the Beta 2 Version of Visual Studio 2010 to get some advanced learning of how to use WF4.  Im using code similar to that in the SqlTracking sample from the SDK, and am trying to track complex objects, of types that I have created, that I have passed into the workflow as arguments.  In the CustomerTrackingEventsTable in the tracking database there is a field named SerializedData of type NVarCharMax.  My tracking records are getting stored there, in what appears to be XML.  Ive been unable to figure out how to use this data in a consuming application because I am unable to open it in code as an XML file, nor can I open it with the XmlSerializer or DataContractSerializer.  Any ideas on how to use this type of datap
Negative 802 pWhen I go to edit a toolbar resource in VS2008, it converts it to a 16color 4bit bitmap.  WTF  What do you use to edit toolbars that doesnt suckp  pYouve got to be kidding me... surely there is an addon or a plugin to the VS2008 resource editor to make it work correctly with high color bitmaps  This just seems insane.  How are all of those many apps out there producing a toolbar without a reasonable toolbar editor available to themp
Negative 802 pI have changed a structure of my site.  I have changed a sitemap file on googleWebmasters.  But Google still gives me old information on search. old links.br How I can solve this problem  I mean, how to make Google to show new information from sitep
Negative 802 pI need to find a codeltdivgtcode with certain content and codeclickcode it from Selenium, as sop  pre lttrgt   lttdgtclickAndWaitlttdgt   lttdgtdiv[classgwtLabel WITH CONTENTLogout]lttdgt   lttdgt5000lttdgt lttrgt pre  pIs there some way to do this I dont want to use an absolute xpath.p
Negative 802 pI want to have a GUID in my objectivec model to act as a unique id. My problem is how to save the CFUUIDRef with my NSCoder as its not a an Object type.p  pI keep playing around with the following lines to encodedecode but I cant seem to find any good examples of how to save struct types in objectivec all of my NSObject types are encodingdecoding fine.p  pe.g. for encoding I am trying which I think looks goodp  precodeCFUUIDBytes bytes  CFUUIDGetUUIDBytesuuid eencoder encodeBytes ampbytes length sizeofbytes] codepre  pand for decoding which is where I get more stuckp  precodeNSUInteger blockSize const void bytes  [decoder decodeBytesForKey kFieldCreatedKey returnedLengthampblockSize] ifblockSize gt 0       uuid  CFUUIDCreateFromUUIDBytesNULL, CFUUIDBytesbytes  codepre  pI gt an error conversion to a nonscaler type above  Ive tried several incarnations from bits of code Ive seen on the web. Can anyone point me in the right direction  Timp
Negative 802 pMy View is derived from ViewPart, but I have a listener on it which receives Events from nonGUI threads. p  pIf something is supposed to happen on within the GUI thread, it has to go through codeasyncExeccode.p  pSo far so good.p  pThe thing is, the GUI elements are created in codecreatePartControlcode, so they cant be final. At the moment I just put them in a codeAtomicReferencecode which can be final just fine.p  pWhat is your approachp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pto clarify the problem using the example from one of the answers belowp  precodepublic class MyView extends ViewPart implements SomeNetWorkActionListener       private Text text1      private final AtomicReferenceltTextgt text3  new AtomicReferenceltTextgt      public void createPartControlComposite parent          text1  new Textparent, SWT.None         final Text text2  new Textparent, SWT.None         text3.setnew Textparent, SWT.None          parent.getDisplay.asyncExecnew Runnable              public void run                  text1.setTextHello                 text2.setTextWorld                                 public void setFocus          text1.forceFocus           Override     public void someNetworkMessageReceivedMyMessage message          getSite .getShell .getDisplay.asyncExecnew Runnable              public void run                  ... how to reference text 1 or text 2                 text3.get.setTextmessage.toString  this is what I do at the moment                             codepre
Negative 802 pI have a question regarding free in C.p  pSuppose I have a pointer to some struct say node ptr.. after freeing it can i Initialize it to NULL and make it point to some new location using malloc or reallocp  pFor Examplep  precodenode ptrNULL ptrreallocptr,sizeofnode works exactly like malloc   Do some operations on ptr   freeptr  ptrNULL ptrreallocptr,sizeofnode codepre  pIs that valid, or will it create a problem. The reason I used realloc in place of malloc is because all my realloc calls are in a loop so instead of sizeofnode in the second argument it is actually nsizeofnode where n keeps on incrementing... and the last location in this resultant array is written with new data where the memory pointed to by ptr keeps on increasing until the loop ends, at which point I do not require the data in the memory pointed to by ptr, so I think it best to free it. Now, all this is nested in one more biggerouter loop.p  pThanks a lot for your helpp
Negative 802 pI have used the tutorial on a hrefhttpsleekd.comrailsaddingmultipleimagestoarailsmodelwithpaperclip relnofollowherea but for some reason it didnt work.p  pCan anyone give me a stepbystep guide for setting up a multiple image form upload with other form elements ...p  pAlso another tutorial a good one may be provided.p  pI only want to use the paperclip plugin.p  pGordon Isnor I have uploaded my current noob project with some functionality login, register but its not even fine tuned a little. Im only trying to get the multiple images working, all code of the multiple images is deleted in this source. So its clean and running. dont notice the current login for now  Ps. Using the defaults niftyscaffold and etc... p  pFor stackoverflows eyes only a hrefhttprapidshare.comfiles354019110FitJournal.rar relnofollowRapidshare link  100 kb.ap
Negative 802 pI need to create a class that also initializes two event lists to new empty lists. Im not sure if that is what is being asked of me, but I know how to create a list and how to create a constructor.  I created 2 lists, and now I should create the constructor. Here is one of my listsp  precodeListltPersongt organize  new ListltPersongt codepre  pHow do I initialize the two event lists in the constructor to new listsp
Negative 802 pIn the a hrefhttpwww.w3.orgTRXMLHttpRequesterrorflagXMLHttpRequest Speca it says thatp  blockquote   pThe DONE state has an associated error   flag that indicates some type of   network error or abortion. It can be   either true or false and has an   initial value of false.p blockquote  pAlso says something similar about a send flag in an OPENED state.p  pIts said in the specification but not in the IDL and when I create a new XMLHttpRequest I cant find those flags.p  pWhere are those boolean variables p
Negative 802 pUsing Instruments, I keep on getting pointed to a memory leak with a UIImage.br I think Im assigning and releasing the memory correctly. The leaked object in instruments is described as NSConcreteDatap  pIs the following the correct way to assign and release a UIImagep  precodeUIImage flagimg  [UIImage imageWithData [NSData dataWithContentsOfURLurl2]]     [flagimg release] flagimg nil codepre
Negative 802 pI have had mixed results with this.  If i have an item in a hidden list, search does not seem to crawl it.  But If i make it visible, and crawl it will get indexed.  and if I hide it again and update it it will get crawled again p  pDoes anyone know if search is supposed to be able to search items in a hidden list or notp  pthanksp
Negative 802 pIm writing a program for both Delphi and LazarusFreePascal, so I can also reach customers using Linux or Mac OS X.p  pIs there a crossplatform tool that works in both environments too, so I can add multiple languages br  I tried a hrefhttpdxgettext.po.dkHome relnofollowGNU Gettext for Delphi and C Buildera, but it does not compile in Lazarus for Mac OS X. br  Is there anything comparablep
Negative 802 pThere is a lot of information about new features and classes in new 4.0 however there are also changes that may affect existing applications, for examplep  ol lipTimespan now implements IFormattable and old emstring.Formatem with invalid options will throw exception instead of calling simple ToString. However, CLR team provides a nice feature to enable behaviour from previous version with configuration setting  TimeSpanLegacyFormatMode .p  pa hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comrurumagazineee30988128enus29.aspxCLR Inside Outapli lipAccess to events inside the class where they are declared using  or  will lead to call addremove generated accessors that return void. Some code wont even compile in 4.0.p  pa hrefhttpblogs.msdn.comcburrowsarchive20100318eventsgetalittleoverhaulinc4partiiibreakingchanges.aspxChris Burrows Blogapli lipCAS is deprecated and to enable it one still need to use special setting in  configuration  NetFx40LegacySecurityPolicypli ol  pSo I wonder what are other changes and is it possible to find at least preliminary list of changes that will or may break existing functionality with release of .NET 4.0  p
Negative 802 pWorking with Python in Emacs if I want to add a tryexcept to a block of code, I often find that I am having to indent the whole block, line by line.  In Emacs, how do you indent the whole block at once.p  pI am not an experienced Emacs user, but just find it is the best tool for working through ssh.  I am using Emacs on the command lineUbuntu, not as a gui, if that makes any difference.p
Negative 802 pcan I collapse the field in my editcontent page in Drupal p  pFor example, at the bottom of the page Revision Information, URL Path Settings, Authoring Information etc are collapsed.p  pI would like to have this functionality for the CCK Fields as well.p  pthanksp
Negative 802 pI have a C WPF application which checks for all output devices Speakers and I need to check the Bit Depth and Sample Rate of the output device. Has anyone worked with this or know of a way to do sop  pI have been searching around, but found nothing similar...p  pAny help is much appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pYesterday, I decided to install the newest NCover version 3.4.2. However, when I ran it on my existing .ncover configuration file, the NCover output suddenly reported that all my MSTest tests failed. Of course those tests succeed when ran within Visual Studio. Because of this, NCover isnt able to determine any coverage.p  pSomehow the old configuration doesnt seem to work with the new version.p  pDoes anyone have any idea what the problem could be or how to solve itp  pBtw. Here is my ncover configuration.p  pProject settings Path to application to profile emcProgram FilesMicrosoft Visual Studio 9.0Common7IDEMSTest.exeemp  pArguments for the application to profile emtestcontainerDdevMyAppMyApp.Services.Tests.UnitbinDebugMyApp.Services.Tests.Unit.dll testcontainerDdevMyAppMyApp.WS.Tests.UnitbinDebugMyApp.WS.Tests.Unit.dllemp  pWorking folder emDdevMyAppemp
Negative 802 pIn short, I would like to do thisp  precodeconst char stringPtr  ampgetString codepre  pHowever, I understand that you cant amp on rvalues. So Im stuck with thisp  precodeconst char string  getString const char stringPtr  ampstring codepre  pI can live with two lines. Am I introducing problems with this hack I should have no fear of passing codestringPtrcode out of the function it is declared in, rightp  pEdit My apologies for not originally including the full context. I have taken on the summer project of building a video game from the ground up in C using OpenGL for graphics. Im reading configuration data from a text file using a hrefhttpwww.hyperrealm.comlibconfig relnofollowlibconfiga.p  pOne of the convenience functions for finding a specific string from your configuration file looks like thisp  precodeint configsettinglookupstringconst configsettingt setting,                                  const char name, const char value    configsettingt member  configsettinggetmembersetting, name   if member     returnCONFIGFALSE    ifconfigsettingtypemember  CONFIGTYPESTRING     returnCONFIGFALSE     value  configsettinggetstringmember   returnCONFIGTRUE  codepre  pThe way that value is assigned means that if you give the function an uninitialized codevaluecode, it attempts to derefence undefined garbage, which pretty much always causes me a segfault. My current workaround for this issue is to initialize codevaluecode to another pointer first, like sop  precodeconst char dummyPtr const char fileName  ampdummyPtr configsettinglookupstringfoo, bar, fileName codepre  pSo I am trying to figure out the best way to rewrite the last part of the function so that I wont have to perform this twostep initialization. I was thinking that the changed function would look like thisp  precodeint configsettinglookupstringconst configsettingt setting,                                  const char name, const char value    configsettingt member  configsettinggetmembersetting, name   if member     returnCONFIGFALSE    ifconfigsettingtypemember  CONFIGTYPESTRING     returnCONFIGFALSE    const char string  configsettinggetstringmember   value  ampstring   returnCONFIGTRUE  codepre
Negative 802 pI have a table T structure below which initially contains allNULL values in an integer strongcodeordercodestrong columnp  pre col1  varchar30, col2  varchar30, order int NULL pre  pI also have a way to order the colN columns, e.g. p  pcodeSELECT  FROM T ORDER BY someexpressioninvolvingcol1andcol2codep  pstrongWhats the best way to assign  IN SQL  numeric order values 1N to the order table, so that the order values match the order of rows returned by the above ORDER BYstrongp  pIn other words, I would like a single query Sybase SQL syntax so no Oracles rowcount which assigns codeordercode values so that codeSELECT  FROM T ORDER BY ordercode returns 100 same order of rows as the query above. p  pThe query does NOT necessarily need to update the table T in place, Im OK with creating a copy of the table T2 if thatll make the query simpler.p  pNOTE1 A solution must be real query or a set of queries, strongnotstrong involving a loop or a cursor.p  pNOTE2 Assume that the data is uniquely orderable according to the order by above  no need to worry about situation when 2 rows can be assigned the same order at random.p  pNOTE3 I would prefer a generic solution, but if you wish a specific example of ordering expression, lets sayp  pre SELECT  FROM T  ORDER BY CASE WHEN col1 THEN AAAAAA ELSE col1 END, ISNULLcol2, ZZZ pre
Negative 802 pThis error is done strictly by following a hrefhttpdocs.python.orglibraryoptparse.htmlgeneratinghelp relnofollowexamples found on the docsa. And you cant find any clarification about it anywhere, be it a hrefhttpdocs.python.orglibraryoptparse.htmltutorial relnofollowthat long long docs pagea, a hrefhttpwww.google.comsearchqpython22name27OptionGroup27isnotdefined22 relnofollowgooglea or a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comsearchqoptiongroup5Bpython5Dstackoverflowa. Plus, reading codeoptparse.pycode shows OptionGroup is there, so that adds to the confusion.p  precodePython 2.6.1 r26167515, Feb 11 2010, 005129  gtgtgt from optparse import OptionParser gtgtgt outputGroup  OptionGroupparser, Output handling Traceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt NameError name OptionGroup is not defined codepre  pI bet it will take less than 1 minute for someone to spot my error. p  pYes, that means I knew the answer, but since this took me so long to discover I wanted to document it here.p
Negative 802 pGenerally, I use static arrays and dictionaries for containing lookup tables in my classes.  However, with the number of classes creeping quickly into the hundreds, Im hesitant to continue using this pattern.  Even if these static collections are initialized lazily, Ive essentially got a bounded memory leak going on as someone uses my app.p  pMost of these are arrays of strings so I can convert strings into NSInteger constants that can be used with switch statements, etc.p  pI could just recreate the arraydictionary on every call, but many of these functions are used heavily andor in tight loops.p  pSo Im trying to come up with a pattern that is both performant and not persistent.p  pIf I store the information in a plist, does the iphoneOS do anything intelligent about caching those when loadedp  pDo you have another method that might be relatedp  pstrongEDIT  ANSWER EXAMPLEstrongp  pBased on a solution proposed below, heres what Im going to work with...p  pFirst, add a method to NSObject via category.p  precode voidautoreleaseOnLowMemory codepre  pNow, whenever I want to create lazyloading static array or dictionary in a helper function, I can just use the following pattern...p  precode idsomeHelperFunctionidlookupKey      static NSDictionary someLookupDictionary  nil     if someLookupDictionary          someLookupDictionary  [[NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsX, Y, Z, nil] autoreleaseOnLowMemory]          return [someLookupDictionary objectForKeylookupKey]  codepre  pNow, instead of that static dictionary living until the end of the program, if were running out of memory it will be released, and only reinstantiated when needed again.  And yes, in a large project running on an iphone, this can be importantp  pPS  The implementation of autoreleaseOnLowMemory is trivial.  Just create a singleton class with a method that takes an object and retains it in a set.  Have that singleton listen for low memory warnings, and if it gets one, release all the objects in that set.  May want to add a manual release function as well.p
Negative 802 pIm trying to serialize vector Microsoft.FSharp.Math type. And I get that errorp  blockquote   pException Details System.Runtime.Serialization.SerializationException Type Microsoft.FSharp.Math.InstancesFloatNumerics115 with data contract name Instances.FloatNumericsx0040115httpschemas.datacontract.org200407Microsoft.FSharp.Math is not expected. Add any types not known statically to the list of known types  for example, by using the KnownTypeAttribute attribute or by adding them to the list of known types passed to DataContractSerializer.p blockquote  pI have tried to put KnownType attribute and some other stuff, but nothing helps p  pCould someone know the answer This is the code I usep  precode [lt KnownType typeofltvectorgt  gt] type MyType  vector               let public writeTest      let aaa  vector [1.12.2]     let serializer  new DataContractJsonSerializer typeofltMyTypegt      let writer  new StreamWriter ctest.txt      serializer.WriteObjectwriter.BaseStream, aaa     writer.Close    codepre
Negative 802 pI have some kind of a shape consisting of vertical, horizontal and diagonal lines. I have starting X,Y and ending X,Y this is my input  just 2 points defining a line of each line and I would like to make the whole shape scalable just by changing the value of a scale ratio variable, so that I can still preserve the proper connection of the lines and the proportions as well. Just for getting a better idea of what I mean itd be as if I had the same lines in a vector editor.p  pWould that be possible with an algorithm, and could you please, give me another possible solution if there is no such algorithm p  pThank you very much in advancep
Negative 802 pAlthough I can tentatively see a solution to this, I was wondering if there may be a glaringly obvious simpler approach.p  pMy aim is to use the first segment of a given URI to query the DB as to which controller should be run. p  pI assume I would have to reform the URI with the resultant controller name in segment 1, then allow the system to continue processing as normal hence a presystem hook. p  pAlthough not essential I would also like to hold a couple of other variables from the same DB request to be used later in the call stack, and assume this would have to be done using global variablesp  pAny better suggestions would be gladly received.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to come over from dreamweaver to eclipse.p  pIn eclipse when I am in a php file writing html. If I just type a lt then the code assist popup will come up with all the options I can choose from.p  pI would like to know if the code assist can appear in more places though.p  pIf I type codeltdivcode and hit space can I get another code assist popup If so, howp
Negative 802 pSomething like   p  precode.mydiv eqn img codepre  pbut yeah that is a terrible way of writing it ah, helpp
Negative 802 pI have a abstract class called WizardViewModelBase.p  pAll my WizardXXXViewModel classes inherit from the base abstract class.p  pThe base has a property with a getter. Every sub class needs and overrides that string p  pproperty as its the DisplayName of the ViewModel.p  pOnly ONE ViewModel called WizardTimeTableWeekViewModel needs a setter because I have to set p  pwether the ViewModel is a timetable for week A or week B. Using 2 ViewModels likep  pWizardTimeTableWeekAViewModel and WizardTimeTableWeekBViewModel  would be redundant.p  pI do not want to override the setter in all other classes as they do not need a setter.p  pCan I somehow tell the sub class it needs not to override the setterp  pOr any other suggestionp  pWith interfaces I would be free to use getter or setter but having many empty setter p  pproperties is not an option for me.p  pFunny.. I have just thought what would happen if I really would need to SET all DisplayNames of the WizardPages contrary what I said firstly. Maybe I should not hardcode the strings in the getter and put the strings in a reesource file because of localization, then I need a setter anywhere in every sub class XDp
Negative 802 pIm using imagecachecreatepath and getimagesize to get the path of a imagecachegenerated image and its dimensions. However, if its the first time we access the page that image doesnt exist yet and imagecachecreatepath doesnt generate it either.p  pHeres the codep  precode we get the image path from a preset always return the path even if the file doesnt exist smallimagepath  imagecachecreatepathgalleryimagesmall, image[filepath]  I get the image dimensions only if the file exists already datasmall  listwidth, height, type, imageattributes  getimagesizesmallimagepath codepre  pIs there any API method to get the path AND generate the file In other words, can I generate the image using a preset from PHP without showing it in the browserp  pThank you in advancep
Negative 802 pIs anyone using APC 3.1.x in production on a high volume site  The 3.1 series is labeled a beta release, but it has some features that wed really like to have specifically, a hrefhttppecl.php.netbugsbug.phpid13445 relnofollowperformance improvements for apcclearcacheusera which didnt make 3.0.19p  pSo are you successfully using APC 3.1.x on a very active site more than 1 PHP request per second [not including imagesjscss]  Any signs of instability at allp
Negative 802 pIve got 2 tables in an MySQL DB, im using doctrine 1.2 and symfony 1.4.4p  pInstalledbase and Sparep  precodeInstalledbase ibid appid location codepre  pandp  precodeSpare spareid appid amount codepre  pNow i want to join the to tables to show how many of the app are in the spare.p  pe.g.p  precodeq  selfcreateQueryl gtselecti., s. gtfromInstalledBase i, Spare s gtexecute  return q codepre  pDoctrine knows there is a relation between the tables on the appid field but i get the error p  precode500  Internal Server Error  DoctrineHydratorException  Spare with an alias of s in your query does not reference the parent component it is related to. codepre  pyaml a hrefhttppastey.net137237httppastey.net137237a I cant figure this one out, does anybody know what doctrine is complaining aboutp
Negative 802 pI know the absolute path of an image say for eg, sdcardcats.jpg.  Is there any way to the content uri for this file  p  pActually in my code I download an image and save it at a particular location. In order to set the image in an ImageView currently I open the file using the path, get the bytes and create a bitmap and then set the bitmap in the ImageView. This is a very slow process, instead if I could get the content uri then I could very easily use the method    codeImageView.setImageUriuricodep
Negative 802 pThis is ongoing issue to something I posted yesterday.p  pI have a .net object that I want to use in Excel. I have an existing VBA script that i need to alter to call this the object from. I have then converted the object to a TLB. Ive not really touched on this area before so any help will be appreciated.p  pI have created an interfacep  precode[Guid0F700B48E0CA446bB87E555BCC317D74,InterfaceTypeComInterfaceType.InterfaceIsDual] [ComVisibletrue] public interface IOfficeCOMInterface       [DispId1]     void ResetOrder     [DispId2]     void SetDeliveryAddressstring PostalName, string AddressLine1, string AddressLine2, string AddressLine3, string AddressLine4, string PostCode, string CountryCode, string TelephoneNo, string FaxNo, string EmailAddress  codepre  pI have also created an class that inherits that object.p  precode[ClassInterfaceClassInterfaceType.None, ProgIdNAMESPACE.OfficeCOMInterface, Guid9D9723F98CF14834BE69C3FEAAAAB530, ComVisibletrue] public class OfficeCOMInterface  IOfficeCOMInterface, IDisposable   public void ResetSOPOrder            public void SetDeliveryAddressstring PostalName, string AddressLine1, string AddressLine2, string AddressLine3, string AddressLine4, string PostCode, string CountryCode, string TelephoneNo, string FaxNo, string EmailAddress               try                      SalesOrder.AmendDeliveryAddressPostalName, AddressLine1, AddressLine2, AddressLine3, AddressLine4, PostCode              MessageBox.ShowDelivery address set                  catch Exception ex                      throw ex                codepre  pI cant access the object methods apart from dispose, I guess IDisposable is working fine. Is there anything I need to my Interfacep
Negative 802 pI have the following subsonic entitiesp  precodeTInvoiceHeader TAccountAssociation codepre  pHow can I achieve the following in LINQ subsonicp  precodeSELECT  from TInvoiceHeader WHERE custid IN    SELECT custid FROM TAccountAssociation      WHERE username  a codepre  pI need to bind the results to a GridView.p  pUpdate I triedp  precodeDim accounts As ListOf TAccountAssociation   TAccountAssociation.FindFunctionx x.UserName  a          GridView1.DataSource  TInvoiceHeader.All               .WhereFunctionx accounts.Containsx.custID         GridView1.DataBind  codepre  pBut I get an error ...nested function dows not have the same signature as delegatep  pUpdatep  pI really dont freaking get this...p  precodewhy does this work          Dim accounts As String  N12345, A12455           GridView1.DataSource  TInvoiceHeader.All.  WhereFunctionc accounts.Containsc.custID         GridView1.DataBind codepre  pBut this doesntp  precodeDim accounts   TAccountAssociation.FindFunctionx x.UserName  a          GridView1.DataSource  TInvoiceHeader.All.  WhereFunctionc accounts.Containsc.custID         GridView1.DataBind codepre  pUpdatep  pI ended up using the Fluent Queryp  precodeGridView1.DataSource  New customerWEBDB.Select.FromOf TInvoiceHeader               .WherecustID                .InNew customerWEBDB.SelectColumnscustID                .FromOf TAccountAssociation                .WhereUserName.IsEqualToaaa                .ExecuteTypedListOf TInvoiceHeader   GridView1.DataBind codepre  pHopefully someone will show me something better.p
Negative 802 pDoes Seam support multiple persistence units in its configuration  Also, when would you want to have or need multiple persistence unitsp  pI am working on a generic component and right now, it only supports a single persistence unit which makes sense to me as I have never used more than 1 persistence unit per web application.  So, I am having difficulty seeing where you would use more than a single persistence unit.p  pThanks,p  pWalterp
Negative 802 pI have a small webapp which handles a lot of Spanish text.p  pAt one point in the code, a codeJSPcode page responds with a codeJsoncode codeStringcode containing some of this text. If I print the codeStringcode to the Console, it looks like jibberish. But if I examine the headercontent of the response in Chrome Developer Tools, it looks correct. It is transferred in the correct encoding. This part of the webapp functions as expected.p  pAt another point in the code, a different codeJSPcode page responds with codeHTMLcode. Some of this codeHTMLcode contains more of the Spanish text. This time, the text is transferred and displayed as jibberish.p  pWhat are potential reasons that this could be happening Both times, Im just printing the text using codeout.printcode. Why does it work at one point, but not in otherp  pstrongExamplesstrongp  precode In a file whos only output is the json string String jsonString  ... System.err.printlnjsonString  prints jibberish out.printlnjsonString  looks correct when the response is viewed in Chrome Developer tools, and looks correct in a browser  ...   In a file whos output is a complete html page String spanishText  ... out.printlnltlabelgt  spanishText  ltlabelgt  looks like jibberish when the response is viewed in Chrome developer tools, and shows up as jibberish in a browser codepre
Negative 802 pim trying to write a c code which opens the xeyes application and then those eyes keep changing its color constantly for a particular eriod of time.. p  pi tried to achieve this by executing xeyes with one center color, adding a delay of 3 seconds, killing the process, and opening xeyes with another center colour and so on inside a loop.p  pon execution of this code however, the first xeyes process does not get killed and the following processes do not execute. p  pis there a better way of doing thisp
Negative 802 pHow do I convert text into an image in HTMLp  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pIm having a really hard time trying to figure this out and would really appreciate any help.p  pIm trying to parse a utf 8 string with NSXMLParser but it wont work.p  phere is my stringp  pcodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gtlthostgtlttypegtmaclttypegtltportgt62181ltportgtltaddressgt192.168.1.159ltaddressgtlthostnamegtSamuels20Mac20Booklthostnamegtltusernamegtsamuelwltusernamegtlthostgtcodep  pand here the parsing code p  precode void parseNSStringXMLEncodedString withLengthintllength   ifndef NDEBUG  NSLogReceived lookup ,XMLEncodedString endif     NSData data[XMLEncodedString dataUsingEncodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]     NSXMLParser parser  [[NSXMLParser alloc] initWithDatadata]     [parser setDelegateself]  The parser calls methods in this class     [parser setShouldProcessNamespacesNO]  We dont care about namespaces     [parser setShouldReportNamespacePrefixesNO]      [parser setShouldResolveExternalEntitiesNO]  We just want data, no other stuff      [parser parse]  Parse that data..     [parser release]   codepre  pthe XMLEncodedString is constructed like this p  precode void checkForReceive   NSLoglistener waiting to recvfrom...n      addrlen  sizeof theiraddr     if numbytes  recvfromsockfd, buf, MAXBUFLEN1 , 0,         struct sockaddr amptheiraddr, ampaddrlen  1          perrorrecvfrom         return           buf[numbytes]  0     NSString  string  [[NSString alloc] initWithUTF8Stringbuf]     [self parsestring withLengthnumbytes]     [string release]   codepre  pmy problem is coming from the Unicode Character RIGHT SINGLE QUOTATION MARK U2019 that I have in my string and I am getting this errorp  p20100719 171335.734 SwypeSendForMac2[343544233] Error DomainNSXMLParserErrorDomain Code73 The operation couldnt be completed. NSXMLParserErrorDomain error 73. 20100719 171335.736 SwypeSendForMac2[343544233] Error DomainNSXMLParserErrorDomain Code76 The operation couldnt be completed. NSXMLParserErrorDomain error 76.p
Negative 802 pI am looking for a SFTP Client which is free. Also it should have a free dll using which I can write code to upload and download file in C .NET framework.p  pFor example following code is not free, it has 30 days free evaluation, I want it for free, p  precodeChilkat.SFtp sftp  new Chilkat.SFtp  bool success success  sftp.UnlockComponentAnything for 30day trial  sftp.ConnectTimeoutMs  5000 sftp.IdleTimeoutMs  10000  int port string hostname hostname  www.mysshserver.com port  22 success  sftp.Connecthostname,port  success  sftp.AuthenticatePwmyLogin,myPassword  success  sftp.InitializeSftp  string handle handle  sftp.OpenFilehamlet.xml,readOnly,openExisting  success  sftp.DownloadFilehandle,ctemphamlet.xml  success  sftp.CloseHandlehandle MessageBox.ShowSuccess. codepre
Negative 802 pIm using the PowerShell script below to set anonymous user identity and authentication methods on an IIS6 server. The script seems to work at first, but if I issue an iisreset after running it the values revert to the old ones How do I persist themp  precode server  localhost  siteName  www.mysite.com  iis  [ADSI]IISserverW3SVC  site  iis.children  where  .keyType eq IIsWebServer and .ServerComment eq siteName   path  [ADSI]site.pathROOT  path.AnonymousUserName  user  path.AnonymousUserPass  pass  path.AuthFlags  3  path.CommitChanges codepre
Negative 802 pI am having trouble setting up jpa mappings for some entities.  I have a parent entity defined like the following.p  precodeEntity TablenameEIFINSTANCEHDR public class InstanceEntity implements Serializable  private static final long serialVersionUID  1L  Id GeneratedValuegeneratoreifinstgen SequenceGeneratornameeifinstgen,sequenceNameEIFINSTANCESEQ Columnname  EAIHID private Long eaihid Columnname  EADID private Long eadid  OneToManytargetEntityInstanceNotifyEntity.class, mappedByinstance,fetchFetchType.EAGER, cascade  CascadeType.ALL private ListltInstanceNotifyEntitygt userDetails  new ArrayListltInstanceNotifyEntitygt  codepre  pI then have a child entity w a composite key, and a foreign key to the primary key of this table as followsp  precodeEntity TablenameEIFINSTNOTIFIED public class InstanceNotifyEntity implements Serializable  private static final long serialVersionUID  1L  Id ManyToOne JoinColumnnameEAIHID, referencedColumnNameEAIHID private InstanceEntity instance  Id ColumnnameUSERID private Long userId ColumnnameCOMMENTTXT private String commentText  codepre  pI know the child entity is incorrect, but I am unsure how to set this up to have a composite PK.  I know I need to setup a PK class, but I am not sure how to do that when one field is a foreign key to the parent class.  And once that is setup how would the parent reference the child entityp  pAny help is appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI have a python program that is running as a daemon on Linux.p  pI need to somehow send this daemon a signal from another python program.p  pHow do I do thisp
Negative 802 pI pass an javascript object from clientside to serverside function with Ajaxpro.  In serverside date variables comes inside object are looks like below. What does it mean How can i parse it to formatted datep  pDate1280381400000p
Negative 802 pI am using a number of jQuery plugins. Is it more efficient to reference them separately in the master page, or should I lump the contents of each file into a single jQueryPlugins.js file and reference thatp
Negative 802 pIm having a problem getting a custom membership provider to work in SharePoint. The login page is displayed, but when I enter any credentials  right or wrong  I get the following errorp  blockquote   pThe given assembly name or codebase was invalid. Exception from HRESULT 0x80131047 CProgram FilesCommon FilesMicrosoft SharedWeb Server Extensions14WebServicesRootweb.config line 22 p blockquote  pLine 22 is where my membership provider is configured. Its also configured in the root web sites web.config since it needs to be configured in every virtual directory. If I remove line 22, I get the error complaining about the provider not being in every web.config, so that part seems to be working.p  pOn the same web server, I have set up a default MVC project and confirmed that the membership provider works fine. I know sharepoint is loading it at least partially, because if I make it throw an exception in the constructor, I get a different error Exception thrown by the invocation etc., and the login form isnt even displayed.p  pThe DLL is built as AnyCPU, against .NET Framework 3.5, and is in the GAC. The server is running Windows 2008 R2, 64bit.p  pCan anyone point me in a direction to tryp
Negative 802 precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgtlt  Vertical1437  false2010 ShowAdHereBanner1437  true RepeatAll1437  true NoFollowAll1437 true gt ltscriptgt  codepre  pIm trying to get the 2010 part out of the false2010.  i want it to echo 2010 only..   Thanks for the help.p  pthis was what i started with and got stuckp  precodeltphp get2010  pregmatchlt.gt, get2010, m echo m[1]  gt codepre  pand oh.. the 2010 is a randomly generated number... it changes.p
Negative 802 pI have controller action in my rails application to output XML which in turn is used to generate a FusionChart. I am using a builder template for generating XML. Below is the code that is in builder template.  p  precodexml  BuilderXmlMarkup.new   xml.chartpalettegt2, .... do    for item in domaindata     xml.setlabelgtitem[domain],valuegtitem[empcount]    end   end codepre  pThis code throws error in all the browsers. When I move the code to controller and use the below snippet,   p  precodexml  BuilderXmlMarkup.new       xml.chartpalettegt2, ca... do        for item in domaindata      xml.setlabelgtitem[domain],valuegtitem[empcount]    end   end   senddata xml, typegttextxml   codepre  pit works fine in Google Chromefirefox etc but returns an empty file in Internet Explorer. Can somebody tell me what might be wrong here  Thanks in advance  Abhip
Negative 802 pstrongSummarystrong is there a daemon that will do postbacks when a user connectsdisconnects via TCP, or is it a good idea to write onep  pstrongDetailsstrong There are a number of questions based around this already but I believe that this is a different twist on it.  Were writing a Ruby on Rails web application, and we would like to be able to tell if a user is online or offline, where the following definitions applyp  ul lionline  the users browser is open and maintaining a TCP connection to one of our servers.li lioffline  the users browser is no longer connected to one of our servers.li ul  pWhat were thinking is a convenient way of doing this is to run a completely separate online state server that each of our users will connect to exactly oncep  ul liwhen a connection is made to the online state server, it will postback to our actual RoR site and let it know this user just logged on.li liwhen a connection is lost from the online state server, it will postback to our actual RoR site and let it know this user just logged off.li ul  pThis methodology seems reasonable and keeps things quite modularized the online state server, for instance, will be quite simple, which is nice.  Were able to write this online state server, but have the following questionsp  ol liAny specific problems with the above architecture that we havent taken into accountli liIs there a daemon or application out there that does this already  Why reinvent the wheel, if it has already been writtenli liIs there a push server out there that offers this functionality i.e. it maintains connections to the users, but will postback or send notifications upstream to the web servers when a user connects or disconnectsli ol
Negative 802 pIm trying to make my Gadget html to navigate to another page, but when I try to do it viap  precodewindow.location  httpnewurl.com codepre  pIt opens the address in a default browser new window.p  pAll I could do so far is to codeiframecode the page in the gadget html in the codeflyoutcode html it didnt work, but the site Im trying to frame has a frame detector and wont allow it.p
Negative 802 pI am having trouble injecting AutoMapper into an ASP.NET MVC 2 application using Ninject. I used Jimmy Bogards post on a hrefhttpwww.lostechies.comblogsjimmybogardarchive20090511automapperandioc.aspxAutoMapper and StructureMap type Configurationa as a guide.p  precodepublic class AutoMapperModule  NinjectModule      public override void Load              BindltITypeMapFactorygt.ToltTypeMapFactorygt         BindltConfigurationgt.ToSelf.InSingletonScope.WithConstructorArgumentmapper, MapperRegistry.AllMappers         BindltIConfigurationgt.ToltConfigurationgt         BindltIConfigurationProvidergt.ToltConfigurationgt         BindltIMappingEnginegt.ToltMappingEnginegt       codepre  pNinject throws an exception when resolving codeConfigurationcode.p  blockquote   pError activating IObjectMapper    No matching bindings are available, and the type is not selfbindable.   Activation pathbr   3 Injection of dependency IObjectMapper into parameter mappers of constructor of type Configurationp blockquote  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pThis is now working using the following bindingp  precode    BindltITypeMapFactorygt.ToltTypeMapFactorygt     BindltConfigurationgt.ToConstantnew ConfigurationKernel.GetltITypeMapFactorygt, MapperRegistry.AllMappers.InSingletonScope     BindltIConfigurationgt.ToMethodc gt c.Kernel.GetltConfigurationgt     BindltIConfigurationProvidergt.ToMethodc gt c.Kernel.GetltConfigurationgt     BindltIMappingEnginegt.ToltMappingEnginegt codepre  pI published the module on GitHub. a hrefhttpgithub.comcoreycotoAutoMapper.NinjectAutoMapper.Ninjecta. More information on my blog a hrefhttpbinaryspeakeasy.com201009automapperninjecthttpbinaryspeakeasy.com201009automapperninjectap
Negative 802 pIm looking for a development board for WinCE, preferably with the following connectorsp  ul liVGADVI for screenli liUSB for kbmouseli liEthernet 10Mbit is OK, 100 would be even better  li liStorage eg SDMMCCF cardsli ul  pIm looking for this, because I want to attend the Imagine Cup , Embedded Systems design. And Im looking for a challenge, ofcourse .p  pI found a board called HawkBoard httpwww.hawkboard.org, but I want to know if there are alternatives for about the same price max 200 incl. shippingcustomstaxes. I need the BSP, ofcourse .p  pThanksp  pYvanp
Negative 802 pWe are in the process of looking at allowing mobile devices to view our site.  We have targeted 3 phones  BlackBerry, iPhone and Android.p  pBeing new to all this I have several questions.p  pI am going to assume that what we are really looking at here is the browser capabilities of the devices and not so much the device itself the device comes into play if we are building a mobile application  correctp  pSo, We have an on line auction site in which the front end is build using JSF 1.1, myFaces and RichFaces.  We are going to move to JSF 1.2 anyway and this will allow us to make use of Trinidad since it appears to be friendly to a mobile site.p  pThe concern I have is performance.  On our current site we allow the user to do a search and the result of that search can be a lot of data returned.  Running from a desktop browser there is a wait for result set now.  I can only assume that there will be a greater wait for the result set when viewing from a mobile device unless we do something different for these request  is that correctp  pSo just building a mobile front end is still not going to address any performance issues that we face with the non mobile site  is that correct statementp  pAre there any sites out there that are recommended to learn more about how to take a site and make it mobile readyp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIve seen plenty of examples NerdDinner, Sandersons Sports Store, etc. where a view is bound to a collection of objects.  The syntax in the view is usually something like this...p  precodelt Page... InheritsSystem.Web.Mvc.ViewPageltIEnumerableltMyViewModelgtgt gt ... lt foreach var myViewModel in Model  gt codepre  pIve also seen plenty of examples of inserts or updates where the controller automatically binds the model parameter to the form elements in the view.p  pIm looking for a mix of the two techniques where my view has form elements pertaining to a collection of myViewModels where each myViewModel has 34 properties.  The intent is to allow the user to enter a set of these in one take.p  pAssuming this is possible, can anyone help me with the syntax  I cant figure out how to label the form elements to make the binding work.p
Negative 802 pHow can i make drop down as read only in the asp.net MVC Pattern version 2 after it fillesp
Negative 802 pWe are building an Eclipse RCP plugin that is based on an Eclipse target platform also developed internally in our company, by a different department. We would like to compile the plugin using MAVEN2 we also use NEXUS for repository management. p  pThe target platform consists of about 130 JARs most of them org.eclipse.. One way to perform the build would be to add 130 references into the  tag of the POM file. Not only is this a lot of effort, but the target platform occasionally changes, so a new target platform would mean a lot of modifications.p  pIs there a better way to deal with a lot of dependencies in MAVENp
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1813865whydoeschaveadistinctionbetweenandWhy does C have a distinction between gt and . a  p blockquote    pWhat is the real reason for a programmer to have to differentiate between code.code and codegtcode when accessing a member of an objectp  precodevoid foo Point ampp       p.x      pgty  syntax error    void foo Point p       p.x   syntax error     pgty   codepre  pI mean, one way or another, they both refer to an emobject, pem.p  ul lipemWhy do I have to bother checking every time what p is em Cant the compiler understand pli lipWhy havent they allowed it to accept code.code syntax for both That would be fine for stack objects too.pli ul  pAnd if it is due to Ctradition,p  ul liWhy dont they allow both code.code and codegtcode accessorsli ul  pFor more than 15 years, I have always humbly considered the compiler errors as being my fault p
Negative 802 pThere are countless apps out there that do this ... but Im curious as to what suggested ways exists for producing the highest quality image.p  pExample of what Im looking to dop  ol liBe able to overlay an image of a mustache on top of the iPhones camera.li liOptional be able to resizerotate that image.li liTake a picture and superimpose the overlayed image the mustache in the case on the picture so a emsingleem image is produced.li ol  pThanks much.p
Negative 802 pIm running MATLAB command line version from a shell script, and Id like it to preserve shell behavior where if you press kbdCtrlkbdkbdCkbd it exits.  But instead it wants to keep control of the terminal and I or my poor users after me have to type codequit1code to make it quit and tell the shell it failed.p  pYou cant intercept kbdCtrlkbdkbdCkbd with a codetrycodecodecatchcode block... any other ideas  Anything I could do from the shell side to intercept the keystrokes before they get to MATLABp  pcodeonCleanupcode seems like an option, but then Id have to make the whole script thing into a function its already a dynamically generated codetrycodecodecatchcode block thing in a Makefile.  But if thats the only thing that will work, then Ill do it...p
Negative 802 pI have a web service written in PHP, that returns JSON results. It works well and has been thoroughly tested. p  pI needed to add logging to the service calls who called and when. I implemented this using a SQLite database for very small amount of data and PDO. The one condition to the logging was that it should not harm the web service itself. The fact that Im logging his call should not matter to the user, nor should any error in the logging process block any service call.p  pI implemented a Log class and an execute function that expects SQL stringsp  precode    function construct          thisgtdbConn  sqlite . realpathmyLog.sqlite         try              thisgtdb  new PDOthisgtdbConn                  catch PDOException e              I dont care                    private function executesql          try              query  thisgtdbgtpreparesql             querygtexecute                    catchException e              I dont care               codepre  pI then added at the end of every service function a call similar to thisp  precodesql  INSERT INTO tableid, Time VALUESid, datetimenow,localtime thisgtexecutesql  jsonResult  doSomethingid return jsonReuslt codepre  pThe problem is from time to time, I get a string on the client that contains a fatal error string pointing to this line codequerygtexecutecode saying its not an object.p  pIn all cases so far, I traced it to an erroneous SQL query. But what I need is a way to make sure the original JSON gets returned even if there is an error in the logging function.p  pHow can I ensure that no matter what happens when I call codethisgtexecutesqlcode  jsonResult will return with the actual JSON resultsp  pTIA,br Guyp
Negative 802 pI am trying to write an ANTLR grammar for the PHP serialize format, and everything seems to work fine, except for strings. The problem is that the format of serialized strings is p  precodes6length codepre  pIn terms of regexes, a rule like codesd.1code would describe this format if only backreferences were allowed in the number of matches count but they are not. p  pBut I cannot find a way to express this for either a lexer or parser grammar the whole idea is to make the number of characters read depend on a backreference describing the number of characters to read, as in Fortran Hollerith constants i.e. code6HLengthcode, not on a string delimiter.p  pThis example from the a hrefhttpwww.antlr.orggrammar1183077163756f77antlr2.g relnofollowANTLR grammar for Fortrana seems to point the way, but I dont see how. Note that my target language is Python, while most of the doc and examples are for Javap  precode numeral literal ICON int counter0       other alternatives       hollerith     h countergt0 NOTNL counter counter0              setTypeHOLLERITH       String str  getText       str  str.replaceFirst[09]h,        setTextstr             more alternatives       codepre
Negative 802 pHow can i convert the datetime format belowp  pstrong20101025 111336.700strongp  pinto p  pstrong25Oct2010strong or strong20101025 000000.000strongp
Negative 802 pRunning JBoss 4.2.3.GA and trying to deploy a WAR that is using SpringHibernateJPA. Im getting ClassCastExceptions quite a lot of different ones so Im trying to setup a Classloader Repository for my WAR.p  pThis is my catalog.warWEBINFjbossweb.xml filep  precodeltjbosswebgt     ltloaderrepositorygt          com.moo.catalogloadercatalogLoader     ltloaderrepositorygt  ltjbosswebgt codepre  pPretty sure it is not working as I can seep  p112548,181 INFO  [STDOUT] 112548,181 INFO  [Version] Hibernate EntityManager 3.2.1.GA 112548,197 INFO  [STDOUT] 112548,197 INFO  [Version] Hibernate Annotations 3.2.1.GA 112548,197 INFO  [STDOUT] 112548,197 INFO  [Environment] Hibernate 3.2.4.sp1p  pand I have 3.5.1Final bundled in my war.p  pstrongI tried to find proof of it working in the logs, but cannot see anything. How do I tell if I have successfully setup a classloader repository Is that even the correct configuration and the correct placestrongp
Negative 802 pId been reading up on implementing ajax with jquery.p  pAm I right to say, code.ajaxcode is the only function we ever need ie. we dont actually need the code.getcode code.postcode functionsp  pLastly, lets say were building this ajax form, we should bind the code.ajaxcode function to a submit button using code.clickcode We dont actually need to enclose the button in a form tag rightp  pSo far, Id only seen tutorials writing the jquery code with code.ajaxcode. But I have no idea how to implement this. Would be good if theres a guide that shows a complete jquery ajax form with the full html and jquery codes.p
Negative 802 pIm trying to compare the address of two functions for equality. Type of my stored function is known. This system normally works, consider the following code written as sample not from the programp  precodevirtual bool comparevoid fn2    void fnint    iffnfn2      return true  codepre  pHowever when class functions came into consideration the same method doesnt work.p  precodevirtual bool comparevoid fn2    voidthiscall myclassfnint   void fn2    iffnfn2  error C2440 type cast cannot convert void to voidthiscall...      return true  codepre  pThese functions override a common base class pure virtual function similar to followingp  precodevirtual bool comparevoid  0 codepre  pSince I cannot use templatelt in virtual functions I am out of options. Is there a way anyway to unify class functions and regular functionsp  pThanks in advance, Cemp
Negative 802 pI have a model with a property that points to a file that contains HTML.  My strongly typed view to this model uses a custom HTML helper method to resolve and return the HTML from the file.  Works great so far.p  pThe HTML read from each file will contain various controls whose values I need to retrieve when the form is POSTed.p  pWhat would be the best way to have access to the POSTed control values in my controller method  p  pI would prefer a non jQuery solution, but I am not sure if the MVC framework can provide these values to me  Can it provide a list of keyvalue pairs to the controller somehowp
Negative 802 pMy current project has us using TreeSet and TreeMap in Java, with an input array of 10514 Song elements read in from a text file.  Each Song contains a Artist, Title and Lyric fields.  The aim of this project is to conduct fast searches on the lyrics using sets and maps.  p  pFirst, I iterate over the input Song array, accessing the lyrics field and creating a Scanner object to iterate over the lyric words using this code  codecommonWordscode is a TreeSet of words that should not be keys, and codelyricWordscode is the overall map of words to Songs.p  precodepublic void buildSongMap      for Song songsongs          method variables         String currentLyrics song.getLyrics.toLowerCase          TreeSetltSonggt addToSetnull         Scanner readIn new ScannercurrentLyrics         String word readIn.next          while readIn.hasNext               if commonWords.containsword ampamp word.equals ampamp word.lengthgt1                  if lyricWords.containsKeyword                      addToSet lyricWords.getword                     addToSet.addsong                     wordreadIn.next                  else                      buildSongSetword               else                  word readIn.next                codepre  pIn order to build the songSet, I use this codep  precodepublic void buildSongSetString word           TreeSetltSonggt songSet new TreeSetltSonggt     for Song songsongs          adds song to set          if song.getLyrics.containsword              songSet.addsong                   lyricWords.putword, songSet     System.out.printlnWord added word  codepre  pNow, since buildSongSet is called from inside a loop, creating the map executes in N2 time. When the input array is 4 songs, searches run very fast, but when using the full array of 10514 elements, it can take over 15 min to build the map on a 2.4GHz machine with 6 GiB RAM. What can I do to make this code more efficient  Unfortunately, reducing the input data is not an option.p
Negative 802 pThis is a little form that I have that is a submit button a text box and a javascript date picker.p  pWhat it does is they pick the date, click submit and it places the date selected into a query string works great. p  pI just want to add an error message if the date is not in the correct format, the format should be 11052010. p  pOr maybe is there a way so that when they click the date, it skips the process of putting the text into the textbox and then them clicking submit. Could they just pick the date and it autmatically link to p  pp  precodeltform namedateform methodgetgtltbrgt ltpgtEnter Date ltfont size1gtltbrgtltbrgt ex11012010ltfontgtltbrgt ltinput typetext namerundate size20gtlta hrefhttpsfsdfsfsdfsfsf.comactionhome onclicklocation.hrefthis.hrefamprundaterundatereturn falsegtltagtltligtltinput typesubmit valueSubmit nameB1gt             ltformgt ltscript languageJavaScript srccalendarus.jsgtltscriptgt ltlink relstylesheet hrefcalendar.cssgt ltscript languageJavaScriptgt new tcal       form name     formname dateform,      input name     controlname rundate  ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 802 pIm doing an insert from a C .NET app into an Oracle database.  The query that is failing looks something likep  precodeINSERT INTO staging createdate VALUES 16Nov1999 codepre  pWhen I run it from SQL Navigator, it runs fine.  Through .NET, the database throwsp  precodeORA01858 a nonnumeric character was found where a numeric was expected codepre  pI ran a few test cases and confirmed that its the year causing the exception.  Anything after 31Dec1999 runs fine.p
Negative 802 pIm finding conflicting information regarding the TFS 2010 Client assemblies.  I wish to connect to a TFS 2010 server from an ASP.Net application running on IIS 7.5 in a 64bit only application pool.p  pI xcopied all the TFS client assemblies into the bin folder of my web application to avoid having to install the TFS client onto the web server  but get a bad image format exception from the following assembliesp  ul liMicrosoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.Cache.dllli liMicrosoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.RuleEngine.dllli liMicrosoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.Client.DataStore.dllli ul  pThey all appear to be 32bit only assemblies.p  pIs there a way to work around this, or does the application pool have to be enabled for 32bit applications, before you can use the TFS 2010 client assembliesp
Negative 802 pI hope you will help me p  pSince I work with PHP, I always code procedural. Why The answer is simple. I dont know how to work with objects etc.. But I want to Really...  I search the net and found this tutorial  a hrefhttpwww.phpro.orgtutorialsObjectOrientedProgrammingwithPHP.html relnofollowObject Oriented Programming with PHPa. So I read it, learned the syntax. A little bit experiment with given code. And I count it as learned xDp  pLet me explain the problem. For example, I want to create users system. Before it was easy to do. I just create one file as HTML form. User input username and password. Its sends to another file where I validate it. If all is OK then PHP writes a new entry to the database. Otherwise error is created. The same with sign in, just for entry  session variable created with user ID. And how to check if user is sign in Just check for session variable. No problems. And the problem comes... With objects How can I do it Whats object user, some validation Wherere objects And so on with stupid, even newbie questions... p  pCould everyone create little example for me Really for newbie in this. I really want to learn. Thanks. p  pP.S. Sorry for my English, its not my native language. Pp
Negative 802 pIn C, how would I specify a default value for a list reference in a functionp  precodevoid fun   stdlistltMyObject gt ampthelist,   int n  4   codepre
Negative 802 pIs it possible to perform a TNSPing on an Oracle Database programaticalyp  pIm aware I could probably call the TNSPing program and parse any output generated but Im looking for a more robust method of handling the database TNS Ping.p  pHaving seen the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.net.networkinformation.ping.aspx relnofollowPing classa on MSDN, I tried to use the example code found, but I think I would need some way to resolve the TNS name into an actual IP address for this method to work. Is this possiblep
Negative 802 pI am looking for ideas to synchronize updates to a single instance of a persisted object.p  pA simple domain objectp  precodepublic class Employee       long id      String phone      String address  codepre  pSuppose two UI instances pull up Employee1 where id1.  The first client edits the phone property of Employee1 the second client edits the address property of Employee1.  When they submit their changes, both need to be persisted.p  pA possible solution would be to create an update function for each propertyp  precodepublic void updatePhoneEmployee employee        right now I am synchronizing employeeUpdateLock       synchronize instance of Employee wont work      synchronized something              update phone         a similar function for address codepre  pThis approach unfortunately doesnt scale well.  The API needs to constantly aligns itself to the properties.  Note thatp  precodepublic void updateEmployee employee  ...  codepre  pwont work because the function cant tell which property the client intends to change, unless a copy of the original object can be pulled up within the update function.p  pHibernate provides a mechanism to lock a row to the database.  This doesnt scale well either.  p  pPerhaps the solution depends on the frequency a rows expected to be modified.  For low frequency modifications, synchronized and locks are fine.  For high frequency modifications, a copy of the row at the time of retrieval can be used to figure out the updated properties.p  pI am hoping to find a better paradigm to solve this problem.  Thanks.p
Negative 802 pKnow anything worth tryingp
Negative 802 pI installed TinyMCE, everything was working great. I then used Google Closure to package my sites JavaScript along with TinyMCEsrcp  pThe problem Im having is that TinyMCE is now making calls top  precodepluginspasteeditorplugin.js themesadvancededitortemplate.js langsen.js codepre  pAnd that paths that are being used are invalid, they are 404ingp  pHow can I tell TinyMCE where to go to get these filesp  pI triedp  precoderelativeurls  false, documentbaseurl  httpwww.site.compath1, codepre  pBut they have no effect on the files above.p  pAdvise Thanksp
Negative 802 precodea  0 PtpMotion, 1 PtpMotion, 2 LinMotion, 3 LinMotion, 4 LinMotion, 5 LinMotion, 6 LinMotion, 7 LinMotion, 8 LinMotion, 9 PtpMotion, 10 LinMotion, 11 Wait b   for key, val in a.items     b[val]  key print b codepre  pWhat I am trying to do is to swap value of the dictionary for key. But using this code, I lose some information of the dictionary, getting this outputp  precodeLinMotion 10, PtpMotion 9, Wait 11 codepre  pWhy does it happen p
Negative 802 pAre there any standard or popular methods of storing external metadata for many generic purposes Ive heard of XMP but how popular is it besides embedded in JPEG images Im looking for a format I can use for anything including text files and compressed archives, especially something with implementations in many languages.p  pOr does everybody roll their ownp  pemUPDATEemp  pId prefer a solution not tied to any specific language or platform.p
Negative 802 pHello Im making Christmas card on flash and I put some snowflakes from a hrefhttpwww.kirupa.comdevelopermxsnow.htm relnofollowthis tutorialabr The problem is that every snowflake is created over everything else on the stage and I need to hide all snowflakes for some frames to make transmission between two scenes.br Transmission is transparent black rectangle over the scene and alpha is slowly going to 100... but the snowflakes are visible over the black rectangle  how to remove them all p
Negative 802 pThere is nothing in the Data Type dropdown that indicates an autocounter.br I selected codeintcode and I am assuming there is a setting somewhere else to turn it into an autocounter.br The idea is to have a 100 unique ID for my primary key, and every time a row is added it gets the next available ID number assigned to it.p  pimg srchttpimg64.imageshack.usimg642472primarykey.png p
Negative 802 pI am defining a few NSMutableArrays from data stored in NSUserDefaults like thisp  precode    nameArray  [[[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithArray[[NSUserDefaults standardUserDefaults] objectForKeynames]]mutableCopy] codepre  pand I am releasing in dealloc. p  pnameArray is defined in my view controllers header file inside of interface because it its scope is supposed to be the entire class.p  pThere seems to be a memory leak related to it the Instruments leak utility tells me so.p  pDoes anybody see anything wrong with what I am doing that might cause a leakp
Negative 802 plike web project where we can share to socialnetworks by cliking on fb sharelike button ,tweet button. i want to do the same thing in my ipad app.please any one help mep
Negative 802 pI have an SQLite table that I need to sort.  I am familiar with the ORDER BY command but this is not what I am trying to accomplish.  I need the entire table sorted within the database.p  pstrongExplanationstrongp  pMy table uses a column called rowid which sets the order of the table a key.  I need to sort the table by another column called name and then reassign rowid numbers in alphabetical order according to name.  Can this be done  p  pAny help would be greatly appreciatedp  pThanks so muchp
Negative 802 pI am writing my first WPF application and from what I read the MVVM pattern is the way to go.  For my model I am using linq to sql objects.  I also have a data service class that will supply the view model with the model objects and handle CRUD operations.p  pI have an idea how basic database updates will happen in my data service.  Something like thisp  precode    public void SaveProductProduct product          if product.ID gt 0              dc.Products.Attachproduct, true          else              dc.Products.InsertOnSubmitproduct                  dc.SubmitChanges      codepre  pIn my application a product has many sub entityset objects, such as pricing, order history, etc.  My question is, if my view model exposes a Product object to bind to a view, how willshould the entityset objects be handled  I would want the product details bound to textboxes at the top of the view and then grids for the entitysets.  From my understanding entitysets dont support 2 way binding.  How can I bind a product object to the view sub entitysets and all and save it back to the databasep  pThis application has dozens of model objects with sub objects, so the more painless the solution the better.p  pThanks for the help.p
Negative 802 pIm writing up a small parser which parses constraints, using Flex and Lemon. Lemon is reporting a couple of parsing conflicts I havent been able to get rid of. Are there any particular tricks for getting rid of parsing conflicts in a context free grammarp  pThe grammar is as follows.p  precode Reprint of input file Constraintgrammar.y.  Symbols    0           5 NE        10 PLUS        15 NOT         20 error    1 IFF        6 GT        11 MINUS       16 LPAREN      21 constraint    2 AND        7 GTE       12 TIMES       17 RPAREN      22 boolexpr     3 OR         8 LT        13 DIVIDE      18 VARIABLE    23 intexpr    4 EQ         9 LTE       14 POWER       19 INTEGER    constraint  boolexpr. boolexpr  LPAREN boolexpr RPAREN. intexpr  LPAREN intexpr RPAREN. boolexpr  intexpr LT intexpr. boolexpr  intexpr GT intexpr. boolexpr  intexpr EQ intexpr. boolexpr  intexpr NE intexpr. boolexpr  intexpr GTE intexpr. boolexpr  intexpr LTE intexpr. boolexpr  boolexpr AND boolexpr. boolexpr  boolexpr OR boolexpr. boolexpr  boolexpr IFF boolexpr. intexpr  intexpr PLUS intexpr. intexpr  intexpr MINUS intexpr. intexpr  intexpr TIMES intexpr. intexpr  intexpr DIVIDE intexpr. intexpr  intexpr POWER intexpr. boolexpr  NOT boolexpr. intexpr  MINUS intexpr. intexpr  VARIABLE. boolexpr  VARIABLE. intexpr  INTEGER.codepre  precodenonassoc IFF. left AND. left OR. nonassoc EQ NE GT GTE LT LTE. left PLUS MINUS. left TIMES DIVIDE. right POWER NOT. nonassoc LPAREN RPAREN.codepre  pThe errors are as follows.p  precodeState 28      19 intexpr  VARIABLE       20 boolexpr  VARIABLE                                 reduce 20                            IFF reduce 20                            AND reduce 20                             OR reduce 20                             EQ reduce 19                             NE reduce 19                             GT reduce 19                            GTE reduce 19                             LT reduce 19                            LTE reduce 19                           PLUS reduce 19                          MINUS reduce 19                          TIMES reduce 19                         DIVIDE reduce 19                          POWER reduce 19                         RPAREN reduce 19                         RPAREN reduce 20   Parsing conflict codepre  precodeState 40           boolexpr  boolexpr  AND boolexpr           boolexpr  boolexpr  OR boolexpr           boolexpr  boolexpr  IFF boolexpr      11 boolexpr  boolexpr IFF boolexpr                                 reduce 11                            IFF shift  4                            IFF reduce 11   Parsing conflict                             AND shift  1                             OR shift  3                         RPAREN reduce 11codepre  pThe whole parser generator report is over here. a hrefhttppastebin.comTRsV3WvK relnofollowhttppastebin.comTRsV3WvKap  pAnyone know what Im doing wrong here Can I ignore these conflictsp
Negative 802 pIs there a premade view that is a UITableView but you can edit each cell and when you slide your finger across you can delete it. And in the UINavigationBar on the top there is an item on the right that is a  sign for adding to the table That sort of thing p
Negative 802 pI am using the jquerymobile for developing app. Here I want to move the one page to another page. I used the .mobile.changePagehtml file But If I move the page then the page displays as a normal html page.The controls looks like normal html page controls. Nothing assigned in the UIp  pWhat I missed  Please Point out me.p
Negative 802 pI am using a hrefhttpdeepliquid.comcontentJcropSizingIssues.html relnofollowJcropa on an image that is resized with css for uniformity.p  pstrongJSstrongp  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     window.loadfunction          invoke Jcrop API and set options         var api  .Jcropimage,  onSelect storeCoords, trueSize [w, h]          api.disable disable until ready to use          enable the Jcrop on crop button click         crop.clickfunction              api.enable                   function storeCoordsc      X.valc.x     Y.valc.y     W.valc.w     H.valc.h      ltscriptgt codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltbodygt     ltimg srcpathtoimage.jpg idimage classimgclass alt gt      ltbr gt      ltspan idcrop classbuttongtCrop Photoltspangt      ltspan idX classhiddengtltspangt      ltspan idY classhiddengtltspangt      ltspan idW classhiddengtltspangt      ltspan idH classhiddengtltspangt ltbodygt codepre  pstrongCSSstrongp  precodebody  fontsize 13px width 500px height 500px  .image  width 200px height 300px  .hidden  display none  codepre  pI need to set the codehcode and codewcode variables to the size of the actual image. I tried using the code.clonecode manipulator to make a copy of the image and then remove the class from the clone to get the sizing but it sets the variables to zeros.p  precodevar pic  image.clone pic.removeClassimage var h  pic.height var w  pic.width codepre  pIt works if I append the image to an element in the page, but these are larger images and I would prefer not to be loading them as hidden images if there is a better way to do this. Also removing the class, setting the variables, and then readding the class was producing sporadic results.p  pI was hoping for something along the lines ofp  precodeimage.removeClassimage, function      h  this.height     w  this.width .addClassimage codepre  pBut the coderemoveClasscode function doesnt work like that Pp
Negative 802 pHow can I generate all the possible sets of the elements of a list with current length   p  precode getsetX, [1,2,3].   X  [1,1,1]    X  [1,1,2]    X  [1,1,3]    X  [1,2,1]    X  [1,2,2]    X  [1,2,3]    X  [1,3,1]    X  [1,3,2]    X  [1,3,3]    .....   X  [3,3,2]    X  [3,3,3].   codepre  pUPD there is good answer given by Sharky. But maybe its not the best. Here is anotherp  precodegetsetX,L  getsetX,L,L.  getset[],[],. getset[XXs],[T],L  memberX,L, getsetXs,T,L. codepre
Negative 802 pIm searching the internet for a while now, and it seems that currently there is almost no way to develop XNA games for the Android platform. br  br  Does anyone of you know any good way to port XNA games to the android platformbr  XNATouch it doesnt have yet a port for the monodroid, are there any other projects for thisp
Negative 802 pI have a custom asp.net mvc class validation attribute. My question is how can I unit test it It would be one thing to test that the class has the attribute but this would not actually test that the logic inside it. This is what I want to test.p  precode[Serializable] [EligabilityStudentDebtsAttributeErrorMessage  You must answer yes or no to all questions] public class Eligability      [BooleanRequiredToBeTrueErrorMessage  You must agree to the statements listed]     public bool StatementAgree  get set       [RequiredErrorMessage  Please choose an option]     public bool Income  get set  codepre  p.....removed for brevity     p  precode[AttributeUsageAttributeTargets.Class] public class EligabilityStudentDebtsAttribute  ValidationAttribute       If AnyDebts is true then       StudentDebts must be true or false      public override bool IsValidobject value              Eligability elig  Eligabilityvalue         bool ok  true         if elig.AnyDebts  true                      if elig.StudentDebts  null                              ok  false                               return ok        codepre  pI have tried to write a test as follows but this does not workp  precode[TestMethod] public void EligabilitymodelStudentDebtsisrequiredifAnyDebtsistrue       Arrange    var eligability  new Eligability    var controller  new ApplicationController      Act    controller.ModelState.Clear    controller.ValidateModeleligability    var actionResult  controller.Section2eligability,null,string.Empty      Assert    Assert.IsInstanceOfTypeactionResult, typeofViewResult    Assert.AreEqualstring.Empty, ViewResultactionResult.ViewName    Assert.AreEqualeligability, ViewResultactionResult.ViewData.Model    Assert.IsFalseViewResultactionResult.ViewData.ModelState.IsValid  codepre  pThe codeModelStateDictionarycode does not contain the key for this custom attribute. It only contains the attributes for the standard validation attributes.p  pWhy is thisp  pWhat is the best way to test these custom attributesp
Negative 802 pIt would eliminate whitespace. But, other than poor readability, any potential risks I should be aware ofp  pHere is a hrefhttpdocs.djangoproject.comendevreftemplatesbuiltinsspaceless relnofollowthe Django doca for the tag.p
Negative 802 pI understand that theres a deployment benefit to noPIA, but is there a performance benefit to having the types embedded in the assemblyp
Negative 802 pI have a query in MySql 5.1 InnoDB that searches in a table with parts. The table with parts contains about 500 000 rows. The search also joins two other tables tblcategory and tblheadcategory. I have a lot of users using this query and it makes my server almost crasch with the heavy load.p  pI know that a good way would be to use fulltext search for this, and I hope we can change this to use it in the future. But as that is not possible with InnoDB I need a quick optimization to get it running for now. How should I optimize this and setup Index and other things to get this query to run as good as possible p  pThis is the queryp  precodeSELECT tblpart.partid,tblpart.title,tblcategory.category,tblheadcategory.headcategory  FROM tblpart  INNER JOIN tblcategory ON tblpart.categoryid  tblcategory.categoryid INNER JOIN tblheadcategory ON tblcategory.headcategoryid  tblheadcategory.headcategoryid  WHERE tblpart.title LIKE bmw OR tblpart.description LIKE bmw OR tblpart.brand LIKE bmw  ORDER BY  tblpart.titlebmw DESC, tblcategory.category LIKE bmw DESC  LIMIT 50 codepre  pThe tablesp  precodeCREATE TABLE tblpart      partid int10 NOT NULL autoincrement,     userid int11 default 1,     categoryid int10 default 1,     title varchar100 default NULL,     brand varchar100 default NULL,     description varchar100 default NULL,     PRIMARY KEY  partid,     KEY userid userid,     KEY title title  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT534007 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8  CREATE TABLE tblcategory      categoryid int10 NOT NULL autoincrement,     category varchar255 default NULL,     headcategoryid int10 default NULL,       PRIMARY KEY  categoryid  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT1261 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8  CREATE TABLE tblheadcategory      headcategoryid int10 NOT NULL autoincrement,     headcategory varchar255 default NULL,     PRIMARY KEY  headcategoryid  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT21 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 codepre  pEXPLAIN gives following Sorry, I cant figure out how to format it rightp  precodeid   selecttype   table            type    possiblekeys   key      keylen  ref                         rows        extra 1    SIMPLE        tblpart          ALL     NULL            NULL     NULL     NULL                        522905      Using where Using temporary Using filesort 1    SIMPLE        tblcategory      eqref  PRIMARY         PRIMARY  4        tblpart.categoryid          1 1    SIMPLE        tblheadcategory  eqref  PRIMARY         PRIMARY  4        tblcategory.headcategoryid  1  codepre  hr  h2UPDATEh2  pFrom the suggestions I tried a FULLTEXT solutionp  pThe new MyISAM tablep  precodeCREATE TABLE tblpartsearch      partid int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,     title varchar100 NOT NULL,     brand varchar100 DEFAULT NULL,     description varchar100 DEFAULT NULL,     PRIMARY KEY partid,     FULLTEXT KEY all title,brand,description  ENGINEMyISAM AUTOINCREMENT359596 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 codepre  pTriggersp  precodeDELIMITER  CREATE TRIGGER tblpartinserttrigger AFTER INSERT ON tblpart  FOR EACH ROW INSERT INTO tblpartsearch VALUESNEW.partid,NEW.title,NEW.brand,NEW.description DELIMITER   DELIMITER  CREATE TRIGGER tblpartupdatetrigger AFTER UPDATE ON tblpart  FOR EACH ROW UPDATE tblpartsearch SET tblpartsearch.titleNEW.title,tblpartsearch.brandNEW.brand,tblpartsearch.descriptionNEW.description WHERE tblpartsearch.partidNEW.partid DELIMITER   DELIMITER  CREATE TRIGGER tblpartdeletetrigger AFTER DELETE ON tblpart  FOR EACH ROW DELETE FROM tblpartsearch WHERE tblpartsearch.partidOLD.partid DELIMITER  codepre  pThe new queryp  precodeSELECT tblpart.partid,tblpart.title,tblcategory.category,tblheadcategory.headcategory  FROM tblpartsearch INNER JOIN tblpart ON tblpartsearch.partid  tblpart.partid INNER JOIN tblcategory ON tblpart.categoryid  tblcategory.categoryid INNER JOIN tblheadcategory ON tblcategory.headcategoryid  tblheadcategory.headcategoryid  WHERE MATCH tblpartsearch.title, tblpartsearch.brand, tblpartsearch.description AGAINST bmw,car LIMIT 50 codepre
Negative 802 pI noticed that Google somehow indexed my site but with incorrect subdomain. Instead of putting a link to www.mydomain.com or mydomain.com it shows ns1.mydomain.com and ns2.mydomain.com, which results in broken images, because I used relative paths.p  pNow, I dont even have ns1 and ns2 setup as subdomains. I have those in my DNS settings.p  pSo, how do I go about redirecting users to the correct addressp  pThanks p
Negative 802 pWe have built an extensive middleware system around Magentos XMLRPC API. Weve wrapped the endpoint with Python and are doing a lot of multicalls.p  pAt a seemingly random interval, the API responds with p  precodeProtocolError for www.mydomain.comapixmlrpc 1 codepre  pIs this Apaches funny way of saying 503 Service Unavailable and if so, why might that bep  pWhats the ideal way of handling this exception A retry on exception seems like itd make the problem worse.p  pThe web server is Ubuntu 10.04.1  PHP 5.3.21ubuntu4.5 with SuhosinPatch amp Zend Engine v2.3.0 The API is being called with Pythons xmlrpclib.p
Negative 802 pi am fairly new to android programming and usually find my answers to my problems by searching, but this one i just cant and its very confusing.     The code itself doesnt show any signs of problems, well i do get 2 java exception breakpoints but i dont know how to fix those as they are unknownbut when i run it on the emulator it says the application has stopped unexpectedly force close. I try to debug it but i dont know how to do it that well. any way here are the codes btw the app is just a test all it to do is have buttons that take me to other pages and back.  I would appreciate any help.p  pMain java filep  precodepackage com.simbestia.original  import android.app.Activity import android.os.Bundle import android.view.View import android.widget.Button  public class original extends Activity implements View.OnClickListener      Button button1, button2       Called when the activity is first created.      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main          button1  Button findViewByIdR.id.pagetwo         button2  Button findViewByIdR.id.main          button1.setOnClickListenerthis         button2.setOnClickListenerthis           Override     public void onClickView v          switch v.getId          case R.id.pagetwo             setContentViewR.layout.pagetwo             break         case R.id.main             setContentViewR.layout.main             break                codepre  pMain xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid androidorientationvertical androidlayoutwidthfillparent androidlayoutheightfillparent gt ltTextView   androidlayoutwidthfillparent  androidlayoutheightwrapcontent  androidtextstringhello gt ltButton androidtextpagetwo androidididpagetwo              androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent androidlayoutheightwrapcontentgtltButtongt ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pWell here is what i change the code to this one is just one button but it works with multiple and i made a class for every page...p  precodepackage com.simbestia.test  import android.app.Activity import android.content.Intent import android.os.Bundle import android.view.View import android.widget.Button  public class main extends Activity   Called when the activity is first created.  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.main      Button mainmenu  Button findViewByIdR.id.mainmenu     mainmenu.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView view              Intent myIntent  new Intentview.getContext,  mainmenu.class             startActivityForResultmyIntent, 0                codepre  pp  pWorks how i wanted to so its all good i guess ty againp
Negative 802 pIve been dealing remotely with a weird situation with a Windows Server 2003 virtual machine thats running a ASP.NET 3.5 website... Or, at least is trying to run it.p  pThe website was installed using the standard installer for the project, which has been used to install at several different locations.  However, this one is behaving differently.p  pThe website fails when it runs.  In the Event Viewer, the following error is reportedp  blockquote   pException information        Exception type HttpException        Exception message The specified module could not be found. Exception   from HRESULT 0x8007007Ep blockquote  pThe error is reported on the website asp  blockquote   pException Details   System.IO.FileNotFoundException The   specified module could not be found.   Exception from HRESULT 0x8007007Ep blockquote  pRunning the fusion log viewer, I can see that ASP.NET is attempting to load the following assembliesp  blockquote   pCppCodeProvider, Version8.0.0.0,   Cultureneutral,   PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3a   VJSharpCodeProvider, Version2.0.0.0,   Cultureneutral,   PublicKeyTokenb03f5f7f11d50a3ap blockquote  pFirst off, there is no reason why ASP.NET should be loading these assemblies.  I cant find anywhere in machine.config or any other config where these assemblies are listed as required.  We tried installing the 3.5 SDK, but neither was installed.  Ive only got version 10 of the CPPCodeProvider on my development machine.  p  pstrongWhat the heck is going on herestrongp  pstrongNBstrong  Please dont do a cursory google search and answer.  Nothing I found applies.  And if anybody answers p  pDefine DEBUG constant and Define TRACE constant p  pIm going to punch you through the intertubes.p
Negative 802 pIm writing in C for OSX, running on a 64bit machine in 32bit mode. Im compiling using GCC for 386. The project is large Ive not seen any odd behavior from the compiler possibly until now. The application is multithreaded, and this code is meant to be, but is being run singlethreaded at this time. I am compiling using the position independent clib, and using posix threads, when threading. This code, btw, acts exactly the same if I emdoem thread it.p  pThe following is a simplified procedure that demonstrates the problem in the simplest form. Basically, Im moving 16bit image channels here from one set of three RGB channels mr,mg,mb to another set of 3 RGB channels lr,lg,lb of exactly the same size. The fragment, as Im about to dump it, works perfectlyp  precodevoid lripme   unsigned short mr,  RIP from source image                 unsigned short mg,                 unsigned short mb,                 unsigned short lr,  into RGB layer                 unsigned short lg,                 unsigned short lb,                 struct layer lay,                 long start,long finish  long xw,yw long xf,yf long x,y unsigned long offset      xw  laygtparentgtx     yw  laygtparentgty     xf  xw  1     yf  yw  1      for ystart yltfinish y              for x0 xltxw x                      offset  y  xw  x             if x0  xxf  y0  yyf  then on edge                              lr[offset]  mr[offset]                 lg[offset]  mg[offset]                 lb[offset]  mb[offset]                          else                              lr[offset]  mr[offset]                 lg[offset]  mg[offset]                 lb[offset]  mb[offset]                             codepre  pAs you can see, the action at the edge of the image and inside the edges is the same Im simply moving the data. And this works  the output of this is an image in the lr,lg, and lb channels.p  pBUT. If, inside the else clause, I change the lines to read...p  precode            lr[offset]  mr[offsetxw]             lg[offset]  mg[offsetxw]             lb[offset]  mb[offsetxw] codepre  p...youd expect the interior of the image to move one scan line, as the data fetches would be coming from a full scan lines distance away but going to an unshifted target location. Instead, the output looks completely random. Like the shorts were loaded on the wrong boundaries, perhaps, or from somewhere else. This does the same thing...p  precode            lr[offset]  mr[offset1]             lg[offset]  mg[offset1]             lb[offset]  mb[offset1] codepre  p...there, Id expect the image to move one pixel horizontally. No. Same result  purest hash.p  pI have tried changing to pointer math instead of arrays mroffset1 and get exactly the same result. Ive compiled it in a library, and inside objc environment. Ive tried using even offset, thinking perhaps the compiler is confused about the size of the data. I get the same results every time. The offset value can be used as is, but ONLY as is. It cant be modified inside the brackets, and furthermore, it cant be modified OUTSIDE the brackets, just being treated as a long.p  pI have NO idea what is going on here. I would surely appreciate it if someone would help me understand what is.p  pA little background this is a RIP remove isolated pixel operation, or at least, it will be, if I can get at the 8 pixels surrounding the one the loop is currently looking at. Thats why the edges are treated differently I dont want to run the 8pixel lookaround on the edges, only inside them where Ill always have all 8 to look atp  precodeooo oxo ooo codepre  pIn this test case, Ive removed all the RIP code, as it adds a lot of complexity and doesnt shed any light on the problem. Its simply hah a situtation where array and pointer offsets dont seem to work sensibly.p
Negative 802 pI have a model in my app that takes care of creating the initial database structure sort of an installer. I recently added translatable content uses gettext. I would like to make the initial content language dependent.p  pWhats the best way to use translatable content inside a model Is there a way to use the codeviewgttranslatecode function inside the model or do I need to pass the already translated strings from the outside, e.g. as a parameterp
Negative 802 h2My Problemh2  pI am trying to load JSON encoded data from a remote site using jQuery, however when jQuery tries to call this URL it appends the correct function to callback so its something like callbackjsonp1256856769 but it also adds 1256856769 to the url. So the url ends up being something like a hrefhttpwww.example.comlinktofile.phpformatjsonamplangenampcallbackjsonp1256856769amp1256856769 relnofollowhttpwww.example.comlinktofile.phpformatjsonamplangenampcallbackjsonp1256856769amp1256856769ap  pNow the problem is that that file that I am using that calls it cant interpret the 1234234 and I cant change it so I have to fix the jQuery problemsp  h2My Questionh2  pHow can I get jQuery to not appened that  to the URL that it callsp  h2What I have done to try to figure out my problemh2  ul liRemoved all other javascript libraries from the pageli liTried several different versions of jQueryli ul  h2My Codeh2  precodefunction getData     url  httpwww.example.comlinktofile.php     url  formatjsonamplangen     .getJSONurlampcallback,functiondataformatDatadata  codepre  pAbove is the snippet of JavaScript that I am currently usingp  pNote the domain I am using is not example.comp
Negative 802 pI would like to ask something about the implementation of Intelligent Product Recommendationp  pAs I need to build an online shopping system using JSP and Mysql, I want to implement a function,p  pwhich can automatically recommend some related products when the user checks for one product details.p  pHowever, I did not have any learning experience for Artificial Intelligence.p  pThere are too many resources on the Internet but I dont know which are good for learning.p  pTherefore, would anyone suggest some useful websites for studying such type of programming skillthat is, AI.p  pThanks very much p
Negative 802 pHere is my code, I close and open the reader and its still not working. A few threads can access this function concurrently but there is a lock. It works a few times in the beginning but sooner or later I get the exception Invalid attempt to call Read when reader is closed at  p  precodeprivate IListltBursaUsergt GetUsersSqlCommand cmd   IListltUsergt users  new ListltUsergt  User user  lock thisLock          SqlDataReader dr  null         try                    Conn.Open            dr  cmd.ExecuteReaderCommandBehavior.CloseConnection            while dr.Read                              user  new User                                      UserId  Convert.ToInt32dr[WorkerNum],                     CompanyName  dr[CompanyName].ToString,                      WorkerName  dr[WorkerFirstName]     dr[WorkerFamilyName],                                       Phone  dr[Phone].ToString                                                           if dr[QueueNum]  null ampamp dr[QueueNum]  DBNull.Value                                                    user.Queue  new Queue                                                                HasAlreadyEntered                                     dr[flgAppear]  null ampamp dr[flgAppear].ToString  Y,                                    IsFromWebsite  dr[TookFrom].ToString  1,                                    IsMelutash  dr[IsMelutash].ToString  1,                                    TimeOrdered  DateTime.Parsedr[DateTime1].ToString,                                                 QueueNum  Convert.ToInt32dr[QueueNum],                                                 SMS  dr[SMSCode].ToString                                                                                             users.Adduser                                                    catch Exception e                                    throw e                                finally                                     if dr  null                                            dr.Close                        dr.Dispose                                                      return users                      codepre  pWhat givesp
Negative 802 pI cant seem to find a reliable asymetric encryption solution to secure data between a python based server application and a client over an open data channel.br I need some way for my client to prevent a man in the middle attack over an open data channel, my current exchange has me sending my clients a token they use to verify they are talking to my server application by checking the token is valid with a php script on my site. This is far from ideal and could easily be compromised by waiting to be sent the token and passing it off to another user.br I have tried as3cryptos rsa encryption but it is an old implementation that is not supported by many libraries as well as having a known vulnerability.br I would really like a solution that lets me hard code publicprivate keys into both the client and server to prevent something like this from happening.p
Negative 802 pWhen creating a form using three20 components with the methodology found in a hrefhttpsgithub.comfacebookthree20blobmastersamplesTTCatalogClassesTableControlsTestController.m relnofollowthis example codea, there are some strange behaviors with multiple TTTextEditors and UITextFields.  Sometimes the fields disappear when touching the next one to enter text.  After scouring for a solution, I found someone else with the same problem.  Thought it would be useful to see a hrefhttpgroups.google.comgroupthree20browsethreadthreadcbc20900dd792d4e74485d3b754bf90flnkgstampqautoresizesForKeyboard74485d3b754bf90f relnofollowit in hisher wordsa.  p  pMy code hardly differs from the example given with three20 so I suspect it is a bug with the library.  I too have tried codeself.autoresizesForKeyboard  NOcode but find that it makes typing in a hidden by the keyboard field impossible.  p
Negative 802 pI have a sort of calculator in C that should accept arguments when executed. However, when I enter 7 as an argument, it might come out to be 10354 when put into a variable. Here is my codep  precodeinclude stdafx.h include ltiostreamgt  int mainint argc, int argv[]      using namespace std     int a     int b     ifargc3         aargv[1]         bargv[2]          else         cout ltlt Please enter a number         cin gtgt a         cout ltlt Please enter another number         cin gtgt b          cout ltlt Addition ltlt ab ltlt endl     cout ltlt Subtaction ltlt ab ltlt endl     cout ltlt Multiplycation ltlt ab ltlt endl     cout ltlt Division ltlt staticcastltlong doublegtab ltlt endl     systempause     return 0  codepre
Negative 802 pI want to let users access their pages by typing the url a hrefhttpwww.mysite.comusername relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.comusernameap  pSo to redirect a hrefhttpwww.mysite.comusername relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.comusernamea TO a hrefhttpwww.mysite.comprofileusername relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.comprofileusernamea p  precodeltIfModule modrewrite.cgt   Options FollowSymLinks   RewriteEngine On       Get rid of index.php   RewriteCond REQUESTURI index.php   RewriteRule . index.phprewrite2 [L,QSA]      Rewrite all directorylooking urls   RewriteCond REQUESTURI    RewriteRule . index.phprewrite1 [L,QSA]       Try to route missing files   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME public [OR]   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME .jpggifpngicoflvhtmhtmlphpcssjs   RewriteRule .  [L]       If the file doesnt exist, rewrite to index   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f   RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d   RewriteRule . index.phprewrite1 [L,QSA]       RewriteRule [AZaz] profile1 [R]    ltIfModulegt codepre  pWhy wont this workp
Negative 802 pFor example I want to use my custom comment app with ranking features, threading, etc in some pages and in other pages I want to use standard django comment app. How can i do thisp  pthanksp
Negative 802 pHow can i show all the panes in a all tab using JQuery tabsp  pthanks in advice.p
Negative 802 pWell, i am new in this flash thing and in the learning stage. on the stage are four buttons. they will behave like map. now what i want to do is, that i want to use xml. when i click on button, it should display some text, like title, description, address etc below the map and the these details should come from an external xml file. i am pretty confused over here. can anybody suggest what i should dop  pThanks in advance....p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOO6Y8.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pIm using a hosted windows workflow sequential workflow. When running the workflow, the child activities arent activated.p  ul liI tried setting breakpoints in the designer  they dont workli liUsing a custom Tracking service to monitor execution of the workflow I see that the root workflow passes through these stages  Created workflow event Started workflow event Executing activity event of the workflow root Closed activity event of the workflow root Completed workflow eventli ul  pI also inspected the workflow object from the custom tracking service, and I saw that the root activity has an empty Activities collectionp  pSo although the workflow has child activities they appear in the designer  it appears that they vanish when I run the workflow.p  pAny ideasp  pOphirp
Negative 802 pGood evening, i need to know how can i have one .h file that defines my class and multiple .m files for the same class the project is big and i am loosing itS. Can you please paste a simple examplep  pSincerely p  pLSonicp
Negative 802 pI am using LINQtoXML. I am building a small program that helps parse HTML. Id like to save the HTML tags into an XML file, but I dont want the XML file to check the validity of the entered HTML elements.p  pHow can I just entere a simple string literal a pretty long onep
Negative 802 pI am creating an application using NServiceBus version 2.0.0.1219 and I need to reference another assembly created by someone else old assembly, but that assembly references NServiceBus version 2.0.0.1071 which leads to a failure to execute in my application.p  pHow can i let the old assembly know I have version 2.0.0.1219 of NServiceBus, it can use this instead of version 2.0.0.1071p  precodeCould not load file or assembly NServiceBus, Version2.0.0.1071, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken9fc386479f8a226c codepre
Negative 802 pIm confused by an issue about reference and synchronized keyword a long time. I usually see some code like thisp  precodeClass someClass      ...     private SomeObject mObject     ...     public void someMethod          ...        final SomeObject obj  mObject        ...        then use the obj variable rather than mObject        ...      codepre  pp  pMy question is why should use local final variable obj to replace the member variable    Why not use the member variable directlyp  pI also see some example code associated with synchronized keyword,like thisp  precodepublic void writebyte[] out       Create temporary object     ConnectedThread r      Synchronize a copy of the ConnectedThread     synchronized this          if mState  STATECONNECTED return         r  mConnectedThread           Perform the write unsynchronized     r.writeout  codepre  pWhy these code can achieve the synchronized goal     Thanksp
Negative 802 pIll start a new PHPMySQL web site  Facebook application for Videos  Pictures  Articles sharing, users can share videos from videos hosting web sites, pictures from URLs or Upload, and Articles will be written, users will earn revenues from shared videos.p  pWhat programming paradigm is ideal for this kind of web site, and why p  pfor DB, Im using a MySQLi OOP Class.p
Negative 802 pI am looking for an open source instant messenger based on .Net technologies C on Windows, and an open source project which has a small code base is appreciated, since I only need basic text message exchange function. Better authentication by a remote web services.p  pthanks in advance, Georgep
Negative 802 pI need to figure out a way to share domain objects between a grails installation and nongrails installation.p  pEssentially, I have a liferay deployment, and I have a series of REST services deployed as a war. The liferay deployment manages the frontend and portlet deployment, but it very much needs access to domain objects and services in the REST war. If I just include the rest war as a dependency, I dont get live grails objects with code.savecode, code.listcode, etc.p  pWhats the best way to structure my project such that I can share common dependencies Ideally I could just run my liferay deployment through grails, but Im not sure how the URL mappings work out. p  pWhats the best practice herep
Negative 802 pIf I have an original audio frame in Android, how to encode it using AMR AAC, or any other encoderp
Negative 802 pI have the following tablep  precodeID bigint autoinc NAME varchar255 DESCRIPTION text ENTRYDATE date codepre  pI am trying to insert a row into the table. It executes without error but nothing gets inserted in database.p  precodetry      query  INSERT INTO mytable NAME, DESCRIPTION, ENTRYDATE VALUES,,     stmt  conngtpreparequery     name something     desc  something     curdate  CURDATE     stmtgtbindparamsss, name, desc, curdate     stmtgtexecute     stmtgtclose     conngtclose     redirect to success page  catchException e      print e  codepre  pIt runs fine and redirects to success page but nothing can be found inside the table. Why isnt it workingp
Negative 802 pSo far Ive been doing C development with codeemacscode  codecsharpmodecode  codemcscode and its been successfully emulating an IDE. Now I have to develop some Windows Forms application. Is there a tool for Linux like the simple GUI builder in VS What about OS Xp
Negative 802 pIm trying to run this queryp  precodeselect  from activity where id  9348927  codepre  pAnd I receive this errorp  pConversion failed when converting the varchar value 04 30 to data type int.p  pNote that I still receive this error when I change  to id, which doesnt make any sense to me. I dont receive the error when I run thisp  precodeselect top 32  from activity where id  9348927 codepre  pIm pretty sure this means that some of the data on the 33rd row is in a format that SQL Server doesnt like. Is there any way I can get it to ignore the error and display my data anywayp  pEDIT id is varchar10p
Negative 802 pIn Node.js, is there any way to determine where on the filesystem a module was loaded fromp  pI do strongNOTstrong mean, what directory context Node.js is executing inwhich you can determine with codeprocess.cwdcode. I want to know something specific about whatever module is in memory.p  pFor instance, in Python I can do the following...p  precodegtgtgt import os gtgtgt os.file SystemLibraryFrameworksPython.frameworkVersions2.6libpython2.6os.pyc codepre  pWhich shows me where on the filesystem the codeoscode module is from. Is there anyway to do something similar in Node.jsp  phr strongNOTEstrong I was trying to ask this question when I asked my a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5215871innodejshowcanitellthepathofthismoduleprevious questiona, but I phrased it poorly and ended up getting an answer to a different question.p
Negative 802 pAfter surfing through tons of documentation on the web it seems that the iPhone always shoots the video at a 480x360 aspect ratio and applies a transformation matrix on the video track. 480x360 may change but its always the same for a given devicep  pHere is a way of modifying the ffmpeg source within a iOS project and accessing the matrix a hrefhttpwww.seqoy.comcorrectorientationforiphonerecordedmovieswithffmpeghttpwww.seqoy.comcorrectorientationforiphonerecordedmovieswithffmpegap  pHere is a cleaner way of finding the transformation matrix in iOS4 a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4627940howtodetectiphonesdkifavideofilewasrecordedinportraitorientationhow to detect iphone sdk if a video file was recorded in portrait orientation, or landscapeap  pHow can the orientation of the video be extracted in either of the options below  br  iOS 3.2 br  ffmpeg through the command line server side br  ruby brp  pAny help will be appreciated.p
Negative 802 pIt seems there is zero builtin selection support with my choice of QListView  QAbstractListModel. Do I have to write everything from scratch the catching of a selection event in the UI, the marking of the model item as selected, etc It seems there is no outofthebox support for this.p  pthe weird thing is that there is a QItemSelectionModel that does support this, but you cannot use it with QListView as its not derived from QAbstract.p  pShould my model class use multiple inheritance to inherit both from QItemSelectionModel and QAbstractListModel Otherwise I dont see how I can avoid having to rewriting this functionality myself.p  pMy final goal is for the delegate that draws my items to know if the item is selected, both in the paint and the sizeHint function.p
Negative 802 pI recently moved from Visual Basic 6 to C 2010 .NET. p  pIn Visual Basic 6 there was an option to put how many control arrays you would like to use by changing the index on it.p  pI am wondering if this is possible in C, if so how would I go about doing it with a class likep  precodefunc fc  new func codepre  pBut with more than just one array in fc, is this possiblep  pAnd to be more clarified,p  pVisual Basic 6 when you load a control like a text box or user control it has in the properties window a option for Index and if you change that to 0, 1, etc... itll allow you to use all of those indexes, without loading multiple controls 50 times.p  pI think it might have something to do with an arraylist but Im not entirely sure.p  pThanks for any help.p
Negative 802 pStrange issue, Ive used a hrefhttpwww.ndoherty.bizdemoscodaslider2.0 relnofollowjQuery Coda Slider 2a for many projects now but its behaving strangely on this one.  I dont have any javascript errors being reported on the page and the script is loading because you can see the page load normally and then animate when the plugin kicks in.  For some reason, the javascript is dynamically adding codestyleheight 0code to the code.codaslidercode element a standard portion of the code generated by the plugin.  p  pDue to the complexity of the code and plugin, its probably best to just look at the live production version of the site here watch for the video to load correctly and then disappear when the plugin sets their height to zero for some mysterious reasonp  pa hrefhttpvaleriaentertainment.com.s66112.gridserver.comgalleryvideogallery relnofollowhttpvaleriaentertainment.com.s66112.gridserver.comgalleryvideogallerya p
Negative 802 pSo I searched for a guide of how to shell integrate your application add it to the right click menu with C, but I couldnt find how to do that only for a specific file type. I know it is possible because WinRar does that. So how can I do thatp
Negative 802 pI am a bit of a novice when it comes to MVVM and C in general, but I do not understand why I am getting the following xaml parse exception AGEPARSERBADTYPEp  pThe exception occurs when attempting to parse my event triggerp  precode    ltapplicationspaceAnViewBase xmlnsiclrnamespaceSystem.Windows.InteractivityassemblySystem.Windows.Interactivity xmlnscclrnamespaceGalaSoft.MvvmLight.CommandassemblyGalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WP7gt codepre  p...and inside my gridp  precode            ltButton NameLoginButton                 ContentLogin                 Height72                 HorizontalAlignmentLeft                 Margin150,229,0,0                 VerticalAlignmentTop                 Width160gt             ltiInteraction.Triggersgt                 ltiEventTrigger EventNameClickgt                     ltcEventToCommand CommandBinding LoginCommand gt                 ltiEventTriggergt             ltiInteraction.Triggersgt         ltButtongt codepre  pThe exception occurs at the emiEventTrigger EventNameClickem line.p  pDoes anyone have any insight as to why this is happening I have seen this used before, and am simply too inexperienced to discern why it isnt working for me.p  pI am obliged for any help, and thank you for your time.p
Negative 802 pCurrently Im trying to implement some kind of object stream, similar to the structure that exists in java.p  pUsing the a hrefhttpwww.pcs.cnu.edudgamesocketssocketsCsockets.html relnofollowStream Socket API by Rob Toughera its easy to use the stream insertion codeoperatorltltcode.p  pThis would lead to the problem that every serializable object would require every single class to overload the same operators in the same manner.p  pExamplep  precodeclass A      protected         int value      friend ostreamamp operator ltlt ostreamamp in, const Aamp obj    class B      protected         float value      friend ostreamamp operator ltlt ostreamamp in, const Bamp obj    ofstreamamp operatorltlt ofstreamamp in, const Aamp obj      return in ltlt obj.value   ofstreamamp operatorltlt ofstreamamp in, const Bamp obj      return in ltlt obj.value  codepre  pWell. Thats easy and works. Now Im thinking about whether its somehow possible to ease and automate the process of this serialization.p  pI already thought back and forth how this could be done using some combination with both, templates and macros. Using codetypeidcode RTTI would partially work, but this fails at the point where you would need to cast a value in a type when only the typeid is known. Which simply isnt possible.p  pIs there really no other solution that to simply let the user implement each and every codeoperatorltltcode  Am I thinking too far and the solution is quite easyp  pOtherwise, in all ways Ive tried and thought through, the problem ends at where I need to reinstanciate an object when the classname isnt known at compiletime.p  pAny idea is appreciated.p  pPS Using codefwriteitem, sizeofitem, 1, handlecode isnt the solution as well. Not platform independent at all.p
Negative 802 pIm using Grails 1.3.7. I have some code that uses the builtin base64Encode function and base64Decode function. It all works fine in simple test cases where I encode some binary data and then decode the resulting string and write it to a new file. In this case the files are identical. p  pBut then I wrote a web service that took the base64 encoded data as a parameter in a POST call. Although the length of the base64 data is identical to the string I passed into the function, the contents of the base64 data are being modified. I spend DAYS debugging this and finally wrote a test controller that passed the data in base64 to post and also took the name of a local file with the correct base64 encoded data, as inp  precodedataAAAbase64data...amptestFilenamenameoffilewithbase64data codepre  pWithin the test function I compared every byte in the incoming data parameter with the appropriate byte in the test file. I found that somehow every  character in the input data parameter had been replaced with a   space, ordinal ascii 32. Huh What could have done that p  pTo be sure I was correct, I added a line that saidp  precodedata  data.replaceAll ,  codepre  pand sure enough the data decoded exactly right. I tried it with arbitrarily long binary files and it now works every time. But I cant figure out for the life of me what would be modifying the data parameter in the post to convert the ord43 character to ord32 I know that the plus sign is one of the 2 somewhat platform dependent characters in the base64 spec, but given that I am doing the encoding and decoding on the same machine for now I am super puzzled what caused this. Sure I have a fix since I can make it work, but I am nervous about fixes that I dont understand.p  pThe code is too big to post here, but I get the base64 encoding like sop  precodedef inputFile  new FileinputFilename def rawData   inputFile.getBytes def encoded  rawData.encodeBase64.toString codepre  pI then write that encoded string out to new a file so I can use it for testing later. If I load that file back in as so I get the same rawDatap  precodedef encodedFile  new FileencodedFilename String encoded  encodedFile.getText byte[] rawData  encoded.decodeBase64 codepre  pSo all that is good. Now assume I take the encoded variable and add it to a param to a POST function like sop  precodeString queryString  dataencoded String url  httplocalhost8080somewebservice  def results  urlPosturl, queryString  def urlPostString urlString, String queryString      def url  new URLurlString     def connection  url.openConnection     connection.setRequestMethodPOST     connection.doOutput  true      def writer  new OutputStreamWriterconnection.outputStream     writer.writequeryString     writer.flush     writer.close     connection.connect      return connection.responseCode  200  connection.content.text  error                         connection.responseCode, connection.responseMessage  codepre  pon the web service side, in the controller I get the parameter like sop  precodeString data  params.data println incoming data parameter has length of data.size confirm right size  unless I run the following line, the data does not decode to the same source data  data.replaceAll ,   as long as I replace spaces with plus, this decodes correctly, why byte[] bytedata  data.decodeBase64 codepre  pSorry for the long rant, but Id really love to understand why I had to do the replace space with plus sign to get this to decode correctly. Is there some problem with the plus sign being used in a request parameterp
Negative 802 pThe workflow is like thisp  ol liwe download a template form, prefill values which will be static, export a XML templateli lithe XML is parsed with a .NET forms app, dynamic values are addedli lithe resulting XML needs to be imported back into the PDF templateli ol  pAll goes well using the MergeXfaData method on iTextSharp, however for some reason, datetime fields are not being filled in textfields and checkboxes work ok. Cannot figure out why. Searching through forums I discovered someone saying XFA only works for textfields. Why is this and how to work aroundp  pAlso as a next step I will need to attach an attachment to the PDF form. The attachments are also PDF but iTextSharp would not attach them. Have searched many forums but none of the mentioned methods works for me.p  pThank you for your answersp
Negative 802 pGot Nexus installed, looks really nice.p  pThe LDAP configuration is done in 2 parts. In the top half of the page, you provide the domain information and creds, etc., for authentication, then the bottom half is about user mapping. p  pI finally got the authentication to succeed. However, the user mapping is failing. I am getting the error p  precodeThere is an error communicating with the server. LDAP Realm is not configured correctly Failed to retrieve ldap information for users. Nexus returned an error ERROR 400 Bad Request codepre  pThe curious thing is the only thing you really have to set at the bottom is the ou. I have that set to users. I read the docs and verified that the ou should not be in the search base above dn and I also noted that the successful auth CRAMMD5 is in the logs on the server.p
Negative 802 pI created a pop up footer effect with jquery for a hrefhttpwww.brunodejonghe.be relnofollowwww.brunodejonghe.bea.p  pIt works in FF, Safari, IE7 and Opera. When I open the footer in Google Chrome, whitespace is added beneath the footer. p  pDoes anybody have an idea what I can do about it p  pthanks in advancep  pJQuery scriptp  precodecontact.clickfunction     lt show panel gt    contactpanel.slideToggle1500     if activated  1           contact.htmllth4gtContacteer melth4gt       contactpanel.cssheight, contactpanel.height  px       activated  0        else        contact.htmllth4gtVerberglth4gt        fluid toggle       contactpanel.cssheight, contactpanel.height  px        scroll to bottom page for pop up footer effect          detect opera and fix scroll bug        if .browser.opera  true                 html.animate             scrollTop  document.height   contactpanel.height  px            , 1500          activated  1              else           html, body.animate             scrollTop document.height   contactpanel.height  px          , 1500          activated  1             codepre
Negative 802 pIf I have JSON that isp  pre var response  results 2938 id 9283 pre  pHow can I get id using javascriptjqueryp  pI tried something like but I cant seem to get what I want I want to get the number in idp  pre response[1] pre  pandp  pre response[1].id pre
Negative 802 pI am having a problem with my custom CellController.I have a beginingCell.xib file and corresponding .h and .m file.The xib consists of 5 UIbutton and 5 UILabel.p  pBut one of my buttons are not showing in my tableView.Cant figure out whats the wrong with my code.Please help me with a quick review.p  precodeBeginingCell.h     BeginingCell.h   customCells    Created by Mahmudul hasan on 41711.   Copyright 2011 JU. All rights reserved.   import ltUIKitUIKit.hgt   interface BeginingCell  UITableViewCell       IBOutlet UILabel SectionTitle     IBOutlet UILabel Option1     IBOutlet UILabel Option2     IBOutlet UILabel Opiton3     IBOutlet UILabel Opiton4      IBOutlet UIButton button1     IBOutlet UIButton button2     IBOutlet UIButton button3     IBOutlet UIButton button4       IBOutlet UIButton ansBtn1           IBOutlet UIButton ansBtn2     IBOutlet UIButton ansBtn3     IBOutlet UIButton ansBtn4           NSMutableArray myArray     Properties propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UILabel SectionTitle  propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UILabel Option1 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UILabel Option2 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UILabel Option3 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UILabel Option4   propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton button1 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton button2 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton button3 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton button4   propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton ansBtn1   propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton ansBtn2 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton ansBtn3 propertynonatomic,retainIBOutlet UIButton ansBtn4   propertynonatomic,retainNSMutableArray myArray  end   And BeginingCell.m     BeginingCell.m   customCells    Created by Mahmudul hasan on 41711.   Copyright 2011 JU. All rights reserved.   import BeginingCell.h   implementation BeginingCell  synthesize SectionTitle,Option1,Option2,Option3,Option4,button1,button2,button3,button4,myArray,ansBtn1,ansBtn1,ansBtn2,ansBtn3,ansBtn4   idinitWithStyleUITableViewCellStylestyle reuseIdentifierNSString reuseIdentifier       self  [super initWithStylestyle reuseIdentifierreuseIdentifier]     if self           Initialization code.          return self     voidsetSelectedBOOLselected animatedBOOLanimated       [super setSelectedselected animatedanimated]       Configure the view for the selected state.        voiddealloc      [super dealloc]    end  And the tableView where i am loading the CustomCell is   import ltUIKitUIKit.hgt  interface RootViewController  UITableViewController       NSMutableArray MyTestArray    propertynonatomic,retainNSMutableArray MyTestArray  end       RootViewController.m   customCells    Created by Mahmudul hasan on 41711.   Copyright 2011 JU. All rights reserved.   import RootViewController.h import BeginingCell.h   implementation RootViewController synthesize MyTestArray  pragma mark  pragma mark View lifecycle    voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      MyTestArray[[NSMutableArray alloc] init]      MyTestArray[NSMutableArray arrayWithObjectsWho invented america,Fredrick,Colob bas,Alfred Novel,Sohel,nil]           Uncomment the following line to display an Edit button in the navigation bar for this view controller.      self.navigationItem.rightBarButtonItem  self.editButtonItem      voidviewWillAppearBOOLanimated      [super viewWillAppearanimated]     voidviewDidAppearBOOLanimated      [super viewDidAppearanimated]     voidviewWillDisappearBOOLanimated      [super viewWillDisappearanimated]     voidviewDidDisappearBOOLanimated      [super viewDidDisappearanimated]       Override to allow orientations other than the default portrait orientation.  BOOLshouldAutorotateToInterfaceOrientationUIInterfaceOrientationinterfaceOrientation       Return YES for supported orientations.     return interfaceOrientation  UIInterfaceOrientationPortrait      pragma mark  pragma mark Table view data source   Customize the number of sections in the table view.  NSIntegernumberOfSectionsInTableViewUITableView tableView      return 1     Customize the number of rows in the table view.  NSIntegertableViewUITableView tableView numberOfRowsInSectionNSIntegersection      return 1     Customize the appearance of table view cells.  UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       static NSString CellIdentifier  BeginingCell      BeginingCell cellBeginingCell [tableView dequeueReusableCellWithIdentifierCellIdentifier]      if cell  nil           NSArray topLevelObjects[[NSBundle mainBundle] loadNibNamedBeginingCell ownerself optionsnil ]      forid CurrentObject in topLevelObjects              if [CurrentObject isKindOfClass[BeginingCell class]]               cellBeginingCell  CurrentObject           break                 Configure the cell.  ifindexPath.row0         cell.SectionTitle.text[MyTestArray objectAtIndex0]     cell.Option1.text[MyTestArray objectAtIndex1]     cell.Option2.text[MyTestArray objectAtIndex2]     cell.Option3.text[MyTestArray objectAtIndex3]     cell.Option4.text[MyTestArray objectAtIndex4]       [cell.button1 setTitleA. forStateUIControlStateNormal]     [cell.button2 setTitleB. forStateUIControlStateNormal]     [cell.button3 setTitleC. forStateUIControlStateNormal]     [cell.button4 setTitleD. forStateUIControlStateNormal]      [cell.ansBtn1 setTitleA forStateUIControlStateNormal]            return cell      Override to support conditional editing of the table view.  BOOLtableViewUITableView tableView canEditRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       Return NO if you do not want the specified item to be editable.     return YES       Override to support editing the table view.  voidtableViewUITableView tableView commitEditingStyleUITableViewCellEditingStyleeditingStyle forRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       if editingStyle  UITableViewCellEditingStyleDelete           Delete the row from the data source.         [tableView deleteRowsAtIndexPaths[NSArray arrayWithObjectindexPath] withRowAnimationUITableViewRowAnimationFade]             else if editingStyle  UITableViewCellEditingStyleInsert           Create a new instance of the appropriate class, insert it into the array, and add a new row to the table view.               Override to support rearranging the table view.  voidtableViewUITableView tableView moveRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath fromIndexPath toIndexPathNSIndexPath toIndexPath        Override to support conditional rearranging of the table view.  BOOLtableViewUITableView tableView canMoveRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath       Return NO if you do not want the item to be reorderable.     return YES     pragma mark  pragma mark Table view delegate   voidtableViewUITableView tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath             ltDetailViewControllergt detailViewController  [[ltDetailViewControllergt alloc] initWithNibNameltNib namegt bundlenil]       ...       Pass the selected object to the new view controller.      [self.navigationController pushViewControllerdetailViewController animatedYES]      [detailViewController release]          pragma mark  pragma mark Memory management   voiddidReceiveMemoryWarning       Releases the view if it doesnt have a superview.     [super didReceiveMemoryWarning]       Relinquish ownership any cached data, images, etc that arent in use.    voidviewDidUnload       Relinquish ownership of anything that can be recreated in viewDidLoad or on demand.      For example self.myOutlet  nil     voiddealloc      [super dealloc]    end codepre  pMy Program is crushing after adding the ansBtn1.Please tell me what i am doing wrong herep
Negative 802 pHow do I align text in a codeUILabelcodep
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions125319shouldusingsbeinsideoroutsidethenamespaceShould Usings be inside or outside the namespacea  p blockquote    pHi,p  pActually we have two conventions, like br  1. p  precodenamespace FullFeaturedApp      using System.Web.Mvc     using User      public class UserManager  Controller....  codepre  pbr  2. p  precodeusing System.Web.Mvc using User namespace FullFeaturedApp      public class UserManager  Controller              ....       codepre  pWhat is the difference between these two systems.p
Negative 802 pGreetings, I got some strange problem in my code...br My code is based on strongModel Searchstrong TTCatalog three20 example. I successfully handling emdidSelectObjectatIndexPathem when row touched before search, but this event not even firing when something is found ex. filtered 2 results of 30.br I working with remote data, fetched once, then like in strongModel Searchstrong.br Thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pIm using Apache HttpClient to query HTTP1.0 without keep alive server on localhost with around 20 POST requestssecond. I have a TCPNODELAY enabled like thisp  precode val httpParams  new BasicHttpParams HttpConnectionParams.setTcpNoDelayhttpParams, true val client  new DefaultHttpClientconnectionManager, httpParams code pre  pDespite that, several times per minute I see a random delay of 10200 milliseconds for sending such request measuring on the server shows, that delay is in sending. I checked, that its not a garbage collector pause. What can be the problemp  pI tried to query the server with C client with the same rate, and it doesnt have such random delays, so i think its HttpClient problem.p  pUpdate I checked jetty HttpClient implementation, and it has the same problem. Can this be some problem of JVM on FreeBSD I should test this on linux, but I dont have a linux server at hand.p
Negative 802 pI have got 10 images with 10 file uploads on my update.aspx page. What I want to do is the client can change any current image to be replaced by new image using file upload. I can do that for a single file upload by using update button for each , but that will lead to 10 updateimage buttons , I want to acheive that by single update click which should check which fileupload images have been used and replace those with current image in the db.p  pAny help or suggestion will be appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a custom class and have an array of those objects and I cant seem to get it to work.  Here is my codep  precodeclass NavigationItem    private filename private linkname  public function constructfilename, linkname      parentconstruct      thisgtfilename  filename     thisgtlinkname  linkname   public function getFilename      return filename     public function getLinkname      return linkname      navInfo  array  size  arraypushnavInfo, new NavigationItemindex.php,HOME,                                   new NavigationItemabout.php,ABOUT,                                   new NavigationItemcoaches.php,STAFF,                                   new NavigationItemsummer.php,SUMMER 2011,                                   new NavigationItemfall.php,FALL 2011,                                   new NavigationItemhistory.php,HISTORY,                                   new NavigationItemcontact.php,CONTACT  echo lttablegt echo lttrgt echo lttd colspan7 height125pxgtltimg srcimagesbannerblueskinny.jpg alt gtlttdgt echo lttrgt echo lttrgt  fori0 iltsize i  echo lttd classlinkCellgtlta classnavigation href . navInfo[i]gtgetFilename . gt . navInfo[i]gtgetLinkname . ltagtlttdgt   echo lttrgt  echo lttrgt echo lttd colspan7 classgapCellgtlttdgt echo lttrgt codepre  pecho  echo p  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pIm trying to add infoWindows to multiple markers on a Google Map. The closest I have come is to get an infoWindow to display the last address you can see in the array, on all markers. The bit of code I have pasted below does not work, I get an Uncaught TypeError Cannot read property 4 of undefined. Im sure this is a scope issue, but Im going round in circles here and could do with some helpp  precodevar hotels  [             [ibis Birmingham Airport, 52.452656, 1.730548, 4, Ambassador Roadltbr gtBickenhillltbr gtSolihullltbr gtBirminghamltbr gtB26 3AW,441217805800,441217805810,infoibisbhamairport.com,httpwww.booknowaddress.com],             [ETAP Birmingham Airport, 52.452527, 1.731644, 3, Ambassador Roadltbr gtBickenhillltbr gtSolihullltbr gtBirminghamltbr gtB26 3QL,441217805858,441217805860,infoetapbhamairport.com,httpwww.booknowaddress.com],             [ibis Birmingham City Centre, 52.475162, 1.897208, 2, Ladywell Walkltbr gtBirminghamltbr gtB5 4ST,441216226010,441216226020,infoibisbhamcity.com,httpwww.booknowaddress.com]         ]          for var i  0 i lt hotels.length i              var marker  new google.maps.Marker                 position new google.maps.LatLnghotels[i][1], hotels[i][2],                 map map,                 icon image,                 title hotels[i][0],                 zIndex hotels[i][2]                           var infoWindow  new google.maps.InfoWindow              google.maps.event.addListenermarker, click, function                   var markerContent  hotels[i][4]                 infoWindow.setContentmarkerContent                 infoWindow.openmap, this                       codepre  pThanks in anticipation.p
Negative 802 pIm having some problems with model formsets in django. p  precode forms.py OppFormSet  modelformsetfactoryOpportunity, fieldsoppfields   views.py  def index2request     queryset  Opportunity.objects.foruserrequest.user.filterisdeletedFalse      if request.method  POST         formset  OppFormSetrequest.POST, querysetqueryset      else         formset  OppFormSetquerysetqueryset      return rendertoresponseoppindex2.tmpl,  formset  formset, contextinstanceRequestContextrequest codepre  pHere are my 2 questions regarding model formsp  ol lipIn my template I have  for form in formset  to create the forms in a table, but somehow, I keep getting an extra blank row, as if there is an additional blank form in the formset.pli lipIf i use  form.instance.id  to output an id while iterating through the formset, it prints out ok. However, if I do a  url summary form.instance.id  I keep getting an error regarding no NoReverseMatch with arguments None,. It seems like when using form.instance.id in a template tag, it doesnt work. Is that true If so, how do i circumvent itpli ol  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 802 pI am currently using Facebook C SDK most recent version with Facebooks JavaScript SDK framework.  I am doing a combination of AJAX for a registration form.  I can see that in the FacebookWebContext.Current there is a method for deleting the FacebookAuthCookie.  The problem is when I login with FB.login function.  I am not sure how to create a FacebookSession so that it works the way it should so that I can use FacebookWebContext.Current.IsAuthenticated to deteremine if they are logged in on the server side.  p  pHow can I go about this  I have looked all over the place and find no good examples of how to create the Facebook Session Cookie...p  pAny pointers  Thanksp  pBenp
Negative 802 pIm trying to set up version control for a programmingrelated tutorial. Its proving problematic because there are two different kinds of historyp  pTheres the history of the project being built by the tutorial, which is available for each chapter and is what the reader will see. If I never planned to change alreadywritten chapters of the tutorial again, I could just store each chapter as a tag in the history of the project.p  pThen theres also the history of the tutorial itself not only the text, but my working on the pretend history of the project. If I find a bug I need to go back and fix in chapter 1, adding a new commit to the end doesnt work because I want to change how the project appeared at that stage, i.e. insert a commit in the project history and move the chapters tag forward.p  pSo far Ive thought about a few possibilities using git branches where each chapter is a branch that gets rebased to the front of the previous chapter whenever I make a change, a mercurial patch queue that I insert patches into, or structuring the tutorial around a set of modules that I could put in subrepositories.p  pI thought Id ask if anyone has experience with this kind of thing and what solutions worked and didnt.p
Negative 802 pI dont understand why write like thisp  precodeClass BlaBlaOf T as String End Class codepre  pIsnt it just the same as thisp  precodeClass BlaBlaByVal str as String End Class codepre  pBy the way, are you using Generics so often in your projectsp
Negative 802 pcan anyone please tell me how can I make android emulator access the media files of my PC.I dont know how to make the connection between the two.Please help me. Thanks in advance. p
Negative 802 pif a single image has been saved twice with two different filenames, is there a way to compare them to see if theyre the same..p  pIm hoping a basic hash or CRC type check could work..p  pFile size might not, as there are millions of images in the pool and different images could have the same size..p  pHoping theres an easy way to do it in C..p
Negative 802 pIm using forms authentication for my MVC 3 application. Ive added this line in my configurationp  precodeltauthorizationgt ltallow rolesAdministratorgt ltdeny usersgt ltauthorizationgt codepre  pWhen i run the application on my local box I get the errors listed below and none of the CSS styles come through. But when I login, everything looks fine. So I guess I have a couple of questionsp  ol liIs it best practice to add the authorization rules in the web.config or should I add it to the [Authorize] attribute within the controller. li liI only get the errors listed below when I add the authorization rules in the web.config. What am i missingli ol  pHelp would be appreciated. Thank you. p  pp.s. Im using Internet Explorer 8p  blockquote   pWebpage error detailsp      pUser Agent Mozilla4.0 compatible   MSIE 8.0 Windows NT 5.1 Trident4.0   GTB6.5 .NET CLR 2.0.50727   InfoPath.2 .NET4.0C .NET4.0E .NET   CLR 3.0.4506.2152 .NET CLR 3.5.30729   Timestamp Fri, 13 May 2011 154819   UTCp      pMessage Syntax error Line 1 Char 1   Code 0 URI   a hrefhttplocalhost1361AccountLogOnReturnUrl2fScripts2fjquery1.4.4.min.js relnofollowhttplocalhost1361AccountLogOnReturnUrl2fScripts2fjquery1.4.4.min.jsap      pMessage Syntax error Line 1 Char 1   Code 0 URI   a hrefhttplocalhost1361AccountLogOnReturnUrl2fScripts2fjquery.validate.min.js relnofollowhttplocalhost1361AccountLogOnReturnUrl2fScripts2fjquery.validate.min.jsap      pMessage Syntax error Line 1 Char 1   Code 0 URI   a hrefhttplocalhost1361AccountLogOnReturnUrl2fScripts2fjquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js relnofollowhttplocalhost1361AccountLogOnReturnUrl2fScripts2fjquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.jsap blockquote
Negative 802 pIs it possible to predict the operations that follow a DELETE CASCADE automatically In my software I would like to give the user a warning with details about the data that would be deleted then.p
Negative 802 pIs it required for me to add a REENTRANT macro during compile time to make my errno thread safep  pIf no, is it the case for all versions of gcc  linux  solaris or is it required for certain old versionsp  pI recently tested a piece of code where REENTRANT was not used and found the errno behaving in an undefined fahsion in multi thread environment But, after adding REENTRANT everything was working fine. The Environment was Solaris.p  pBut, the discussion a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1694164iserrnothreadsafeherea doesnt seem to say it is mandatory to add REENTRANT. I am a little confused. p  pAlso, apart from REENTRANT should I add be adding any other options or libs to ensure my application has a thread safe errnop
Negative 802 pI want to access files from a servlet using codegetSystemResourcecode. These files reside inside the project itself and on the hard disk. For the files inside the project I usedp  precode  ServletContext ctx  getServletContext   InputStream is  ctx.getResourceAsStreamtesting.txt codepre  pIt works if I place the files in codebuildwebcode folder, but when I clean and build the project all of the files are deleted. Where should I put the filesp  pFor files outside the project, I use File objectp  precode File file  new Filectmptesting.txt  InputStream is new FileInputStreamfile  codepre  pIs this a good practicep
Negative 802 pCant one RequestMapping name,such as codeRequestMappingconsolecode, be used in several class I mean Controllers class mapping. BTW, methods requestmapping will be diferent.p
Negative 802 pI am currently using iwebkit and phonegap together. Once everything is compiled and tested on an idevice, I can click a video link and get it to play. It play full screen but it uses the ios web video player the one that doesnt have the done button and the top and has a bar that spans the bottom of the screen. I can then press the full screen button to have it use the regular ios media player but when i click done from that, it doesnt take me back to the part of the app before the video, it just takes me to the full screen video in the web player. I hope someone can help me solve this and I hope I was able to describe my problem in a clear way. Ive spent 2 hours searching and have come up with nothing.p
Negative 802 pI have to write a stored procedure in which a event needs to be created. Since the stored procedure call depends on the action triggered, a different name needs to be given to the event created. p  precodeCREATE EVENT variable     ON SCHEDULE AT CURRENTTIMESTAMP  INTERVAL 1 MINUTE     DO     Insert into dummy abc codepre  pThe variable name needs to be a dynamic variable, however mysql doesnt let me do that from a stored procedure. How can this be achievedp
Negative 802 pI need to insert a record to table if the record doesnt exist, and to update a record if the record exists in the table. Of course, I can write pcodep  precodeSELECT  FROM table1 WHERE idabc by JDBC ifexists    UPDATE table1 SET ... WHERE idabc by JDBC else    INSERT INTO table1... by JDBC codepre  pHowever, I dont think the code is elegant. Alternatively, I can also write it in this way pcodep  precodeint row  Statement.executeUpdateINSERT INTO table1..., 2 ifrow0   update table1 SET ... WHERE idabc by JDBC codepre  pDo you think the latter way is better and faster Thanksp  pEDIT in MYSQL p
Negative 802 pIm working with Robolectric, and in the a hrefhttpsgithub.compivotalrobolectricblobmastersrcmainjavacomxtremelabsrobolectricRobolectric.java relnofollowRobolectric classa there is a static method p  precodepublic static ltP, Rgt P shadowOfR instance      return P ShadowWrangler.getInstance.shadowOfinstance  codepre  pIve come from a long time C Generics background so I could be thinking of this incorrectly. My first instinct was to utilize this as such p  precodeRobolectric.shadowOfltMyShadowgtmyInstance.foo  codepre  pHowever, this does not compile plus, to me and my C generics background, it doesnt look right. p  pHow can I use this method p  pa hrefhttpsgithub.compivotalrobolectricblobmastersrcmainjavacomxtremelabsrobolectricRobolectric.javaL502 relnofollowSource of the method is located here.a p
Negative 802 pRuby 1.9.2p180, Rails 3.0.8, attrencrypted 1.2.0p  pSo, in my model I have the followingp  precodeattrencryptor email, key gt awesomekey codepre  pAnd in the database I have a text column named encryptedemail.  p  pIn the console, everything works in memory.  The encryptedemail attribute is updated with the encrypted version and everything.  But when I go to save it, nothing happens.p  pWhile messing around with it I discovered that the models changes hash does not reflect the changes to encryptedemail, even if I try to set the value manually.p  pAm I doing something wrong here or is attrencrypted broken  Does anyone know how things get added to the changes hash  Is there some method call or something that I could add the setter methods that attrencrypted generates so that changes show up in the hashp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pSorry I couldnt find a better format for the question.p  pI have two classes Design, Color p  pThe design class can have many colors, and for each color, the design can specify some attributes such as a name for the combination of DesignColor .p  pand then I have a Fabric class, which has a DesignColor combination.p  pwhat is the appropriate way to implement such a relationship between those classes p  phere is a suggested model which I think is wrongp  precodeclass Design     public string Name  getset     public int StringNumber getset  some other properties.   class Color     public string Name  getset  some other properties.   class ColoredDesign  public Color Color  getset  public Design Design  getset  public string ColoredDesignName  getset  public string WashingWay  getset   class Fabric  public ColoredDesign   getset  public float Length  getset  codepre  pthere is a missing relationship between the design and color which specify the probable colors of single design.p  pThe application is for a Fabric factory,p  pFirst they define the design and its colors, and define the way that each color in the specified design could be prepared in a property called washing way, and many other properties that is unique for each color in each design.p  pso each Fabric has to tell what color and design does it belong to.p  pfor example lets say I have the design named A and it has the following colorsp  ul liRed  ColoredDesignName  ARD, Washing way  W1li liGreen  ColoredDesignName  AGN Washing way  W2li liBlue  ColoredDesignName  ABL Washing way  W3li ul  pand then I can have a Fabric which is of ARD and has a length of 100M.p  pand another fabric of ABL and 200 M Length.p
Negative 802 pIs it possible to use the Logging Application Block of the Enterprise Library version 5.0 to write log entries to a custom table in SQL Server p  pedit changed to custom table because we want to report on specific logcolumns...p
Negative 802 pI have created a class like thisp  precodepublic class nir extends Activity implements OnClickListener       Called when the activity is first created.      ImageButton btnNew, btnPlay, btnSignUp     TextView txtTitle     Typeface font     sprite     SurfaceView pet      Override     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.main         font  Typeface.createFromAssetgetAssets, fontsaaaiight.ttf         btnNew  ImageButtonfindViewByIdR.id.btnNew         btnNew.setOnClickListenerthis          btnPlay  ImageButtonfindViewByIdR.id.btnPlay         btnPlay.setOnClickListenerthis          txtTitle  TextViewfindViewByIdR.id.lblTama         txtTitle.setTypefacefont          sprite          setContentViewnew MainGamePanelthis         codepre  pNow I want to make that codeSurfaceViewcode show any sprite. Ive triedp  precodeltview classTamagotchi.nir.MainGamePanel...gt codepre  pin my XML, but it gives me a Force Close dialog.p  pI also have this classp  precodepublic class MainGamePanel extends SurfaceView implements         SurfaceHolder.Callback       private static final String TAG  MainGamePanel.class.getSimpleName      private MainThread thread     private Sprite elaine       the fps to be displayed     private String avgFps     public void setAvgFpsString avgFps          this.avgFps  avgFps           public MainGamePanelContext context          supercontext          adding the callback this to the surface holder to intercept events         getHolder.addCallbackthis           create Elaine and load bitmap         elaine  new Sprite             BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources,                             R.drawable.walkelaine,                             10, 50,  initial position             30, 47,  width and height of sprite             5, 5   FPS and number of frames in the animation           create the game loop thread         thread  new MainThreadgetHolder, this           make the GamePanel focusable so it can handle events         setFocusabletrue           Override     public void surfaceChangedSurfaceHolder holder, int format, int width,             int height            Override     public void surfaceCreatedSurfaceHolder holder           at this point the surface is created and          we can safely start the game loop         thread.setRunningtrue         thread.start           Override     public void surfaceDestroyedSurfaceHolder holder          Log.dTAG, Surface is being destroyed          tell the thread to shut down and wait for it to finish          this is a clean shutdown         boolean retry  true         while retry              try                  thread.join                 retry  false              catch InterruptedException e                   try again shutting down the thread                               Log.dTAG, Thread was shut down cleanly           Override     public boolean onTouchEventMotionEvent event          if event.getAction  MotionEvent.ACTIONDOWN               handle touch                  return true           public void renderCanvas canvas          canvas.drawColorColor.BLACK         elaine.drawcanvas          display fps         displayFpscanvas, avgFps                  This is the game update method. It iterates through all the objects       and calls their update method if they have one or calls specific       engines update method.           public void update          elaine.updateSystem.currentTimeMillis           private void displayFpsCanvas canvas, String fps          if canvas  null ampamp fps  null              Paint paint  new Paint             paint.setARGB255, 255, 255, 255             canvas.drawTextfps, this.getWidth  50, 20, paint                 codepre  pWhat is the reason for the crashp
Negative 802 pIn our product we have an inlined mutex implementation, using a variety of platform and compiler specific methods for the hardware specific parts.  One of our rules for some overoptimized code that attempts to cheat, is that if a variable is accessed outside of the mutex and within, then that variable must be declared volatile.  I figured this applied to opaque mutex implementations too such as pthreadmutexlockunlock, and this led to an interesting debate.p  pIts been asserted by one person that this is an indication of a compiler bug especially when the mutex implementation is inlined and not opaque to the compiler.  I gave the following example to dispute thisp  precodeint v  pSharedMemgtmyVariable   asm volatile isync   memory   v  pSharedMemgtmyVariable  codepre  pIn this LinuxPPC gcc code fragment, the compiler doesnt have any knowledge of the run time effects of the isync, other than what we can tell it via the memory constraint.  Youd find such an isync instruction at the tail end of a mutex acquision to prevent any execution of the instructions that follow the successful acquire of the mutex before the mutex was actually held so if a load had been executed before the isync it would have to be discarded.p  pIn this code fragment, we have the compiler barrier that prevents a rewrite of the code as if it were the followingp  precodeint v  pSharedMemgtmyVariable  v  pSharedMemgtmyVariable   asm volatile isync   memory  codepre  porp  precodeasm volatile isync   memory   int v  pSharedMemgtmyVariable  v  pSharedMemgtmyVariable  codepre  pie both of these compiler reorderings should be inhibited by the strongvolatilestrong attributep  pWe also have the isync itself that prevents the first reordering at run time but I dont think prevents the second which isnt as interesting.p  pHowever, my question is that if myVariable is emnotem declared volatile, whether or not the memory constraint is sufficient that gcc would necessarily reload v after the isync  Id still be inclined to mandate volatile for such a pattern since this sort of code is too touchy with all the platform specific compiler builtins.  That said, if we reduce the discussion to just GCC and this code fragment, is this asm memory constraint enough to have code that is generated with a pair of loads instead of just onep
Negative 802 pI am using OpenCV 2.1 with codeblocks gcc under mingw. Within my code I am trying for some sane reason to access the imagedata within IplImage datastructure directly. Kindly refer the code snippet for more detailsp  precodeint mainvoid      IplImage testimage  cvLoadImagetestimage.bmp,CVLOADIMAGEGRAYSCALE     int mysize  testimagegtheight  testimagegtwidthStep     char imagedataptr  NULL      int i      0         imagedataptr  testimagegtimageData      char tempbuff  char mallocsizeofmysize     memcpytempbuff,imagedataptr,mysize      freetempbuff  codepre  pWhen I run this code it crashes. On running it in the debug mode it generates a SIGTRAP is due to heap corruption. At first I suspected that this might be a compiler related issue and hence tried running the same code in Visual Studio. But it still crashes. Thats the reason I feel it could be an OpenCV related issue. p  pNOTE There are no other instances of program open, this is the only code that I am running, no threading etc is being done here.p  pAwaiting your comments on the same.p  pRegards,p  pSaurabh Gandhip
Negative 802 pI was using Perforce to check some code in, into a workspace on the server. As luck would have it, things got into a mess. p  pHow can I easily delete everything on my project, on the server, and set a new mapping to the project on the client my dev machinep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pThis is a strange problem. My Application can access the sdcard successfully if I dont set codeandroid.uid.systemcode to it. But after setting codeandroid.uid.systemcode to it, my application cant access the sdcard. At this time, the exception take placecode0713 091124.999 INFOSystem.out9986 create file happen exceptiongtjava.io.IOException Permission deniedcode. I check I write the right permission in the right placep  precodeltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.MOUNTUNMOUNTFILESYSTEMS gt.  codepre  pBecause  use codeforceStopPackagecode in my application, I need to add codeandroid.uid.systemcode to the manifest. And I have written codeLOCALCERTIFICATE  platformcode in the make file. Who can explain this strange problem. After setting codeandroid.uid.systemcode, my application is belong the system process which should have more power to access the sdcard. This is my idea. The following are my codep  precodepublic void setPackageString dir          System.out.println setPackage dirdir           File sharenew Filemntsdcard,test.txt         ifshare.exists              try             share.createNewFile          catchException e             System.out.println creat file happen exceptiongt e.toString                           try            ifsharenull                 System.out.println create file is not null                       FileOutputStream fopsnew FileOutputStreamshare                      fops.writedir.getBytes                     fops.flush                     fops.close                  catchException e                 System.out.println write Exceptiongt e.toString                 codepre  pAnd My application run at the emulator and his target version is 2.3. Thank you very much.p
Negative 802 pIm working on a jQuery plugin, following the pattern detailed in the a hrefhttpdocs.jquery.comPluginsAuthoring relnofollowAuthoringa guide. Basicallyp  precodefunction     Private   var doSomething  functionelement, settings  ...     var doSomethingElse  functionelement, settings  ...      Public   var methods       init functionoptions  ... ,     show function  ... ,     hide function  ... ,     update functioncontent  ...        .fn.myPlugin  functionmethod      if methods[method]        return methods[method].applythis, Array.prototype.slice.callarguments, 1      else if typeof method  object   method        return methods.init.applythis, arguments      else        .errorMethod    method   does not exist on jQuery.myPlugin         jQuery codepre  pHeres my dislike I have to pass the same instance variables to all of the private functions. Im still working on becoming a JS pro  so pardon my incorrect term usage  but if I were doing this same thing in Ruby or PHP, Id create a class with all of these public and private members and methods, and each instance of the class would correspond to an codeelementcode. Then I could do something like this in JSp  precodevar firstElement  new MyPluginelement, settings firstElement.doSomething codepre  pRather than passing codeelementcode and codesettingscode to codedoSomethingcode, it already has access to those via codethis.elementcode and codethis.settingscode.p  pGet where Im going with this Im looking for a more objectoriented approach, I guess. Now, I totally understand that JS doesnt have classes like Ruby or PHP. But between constructor functions, the module pattern, and regular object notation like codemethodscode above, Im not sure which is the best option for a jQuery plugin.p  pCan someone help point me in the right direction Maybe some examples of existing jQuery plugins that do this well Thanksp
Negative 802 pI have a problem in HTML5 Im trying to show a video on the Android Emulator Browser Im using the following Codep  precodeltDOCTYPE HTMLgt lthtmlgt ltbodygt  ltvideo width320 height240 controlscontrolsgt   ltsource srcTJ.mp4 typevideomp4 gt   Your browser does not support the video tag. ltvideogt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pIts not working I tried to run the same code on Chrome but still not workingp  pAny Ideas p
Negative 802 pi am trying to generate Entity Classes from MySQL database using Hibernate Tools Annotations in Eclipse. However, I am having trouble in generating onetoone relationship code. My MySQL table is currently ensuring this relationship yet Hibernate tools does not detect it...p  pA User is Associated with Exactly One Employeep  pHere is the code for my tables.. Users firstp  precodeCREATE TABLE user  userid int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT, username varchar20 NOT NULL, password varchar45 NOT NULL, isactive tinyint1 NOT NULL DEFAULT 1, roleid int11 NOT NULL, empid int11 NOT NULL, PRIMARY KEY userid, UNIQUE KEY employeeempidUNIQUE empid, KEY fkuserrole roleid, KEY fkuseremployee1 empid, CONSTRAINT fkuserrole FOREIGN KEY roleid REFERENCES role roleid ON DELETE NO ACTION ON UPDATE NO ACTION, CONSTRAINT fkuseremployee1 FOREIGN KEY empid REFERENCES employee empid ON DELETE NO ACTION ON UPDATE NO ACTION  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT4 DEFAULT CHARSETlatin1 codepre  pAnd Employee 2ndp  precodeCREATE TABLE employee  empid int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT, name varchar45 NOT NULL, address varchar45 DEFAULT NULL, CNIC varchar15 DEFAULT NULL, hourlyrate int11 NOT NULL, isallowed tinyint1 NOT NULL DEFAULT 0, isactive tinyint1 NOT NULL DEFAULT 1, code varchar5 NOT NULL, PRIMARY KEY empid, UNIQUE KEY codeUNIQUE code  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT2 DEFAULT CHARSETlatin1 codepre  pThe code generated is One to Many...p  pFor User Classp  precodeEntity Tablename  user, catalog  ieeepipharmacy, uniqueConstraints  UniqueConstraintcolumnNames  empid public class User implements java.io.Serializable   private int userId private Role role private Employee employee private String username private String password private boolean isActive  Id GeneratedValuestrategy  IDENTITY Columnname  userid, unique  true, nullable  false public int getUserId      return this.userId   public void setUserIdint userId      this.userId  userId   ManyToOnefetch  FetchType.LAZY JoinColumnname  roleid, nullable  false public Role getRole      return this.role   public void setRoleRole role      this.role  role   ManyToOnefetch  FetchType.LAZY JoinColumnname  empid, unique  true, nullable  false public Employee getEmployee      return this.employee   public void setEmployeeEmployee employee      this.employee  employee   Columnname  username, nullable  false, length  20 public String getUsername      return this.username   public void setUsernameString username      this.username  username   Columnname  password, nullable  false, length  45 public String getPassword      return this.password   public void setPasswordString password      this.password  password   Columnname  isactive, nullable  false public boolean isIsActive      return this.isActive   public void setIsActiveboolean isActive      this.isActive  isActive    codepre  pAnd for Employee..p  precodeEntity Tablename  employee, catalog  ieeepipharmacy, uniqueConstraints   UniqueConstraintcolumnNames  code public class Employee implements java.io.Serializable   private int empId private String name private String address private String cnic private int hourlyRate private boolean isAllowed private boolean isActive private String code private SetltUsergt users  new HashSetltUsergt0 private SetltAttendancegt attendances  new HashSetltAttendancegt0  Id GeneratedValuestrategy  IDENTITY Columnname  empid, unique  true, nullable  false public int getEmpId      return this.empId   public void setEmpIdint empId      this.empId  empId   Columnname  name, nullable  false, length  45 public String getName      return this.name   public void setNameString name      this.name  name   Columnname  address, length  45 public String getAddress      return this.address   public void setAddressString address      this.address  address   Columnname  CNIC, length  15 public String getCnic      return this.cnic   public void setCnicString cnic      this.cnic  cnic   Columnname  hourlyrate, nullable  false public int getHourlyRate      return this.hourlyRate   public void setHourlyRateint hourlyRate      this.hourlyRate  hourlyRate   Columnname  isallowed, nullable  false public boolean isIsAllowed      return this.isAllowed   public void setIsAllowedboolean isAllowed      this.isAllowed  isAllowed   Columnname  isactive, nullable  false public boolean isIsActive      return this.isActive   public void setIsActiveboolean isActive      this.isActive  isActive   Columnname  code, unique  true, nullable  false, length  5 public String getCode      return this.code   public void setCodeString code      this.code  code   OneToManyfetch  FetchType.LAZY, mappedBy  employee public SetltUsergt getUsers      return this.users   public void setUsersSetltUsergt users      this.users  users   OneToManyfetch  FetchType.LAZY, mappedBy  employee public SetltAttendancegt getAttendances      return this.attendances   public void setAttendancesSetltAttendancegt attendances      this.attendances  attendances    codepre  pThe Result as you see is one to many... I Have also checked the Detect Onetoone associations option to no avail... p
Negative 802 pIm looking for something that will give an exact address, so the solution will probably have to be paid for, as access to the ISP is required to get exact location. p  pIts for business use, so... nothing creepy going on here, just fyip
Negative 802 pIve a .Net based thick client winforms application deployed to the clients. I need to use TransactionScope class [System.Transactions] in the code for handling transactions on the oracle database. Looks like this class requires oramts.dll on the client machine. See here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3297388entityframeworkusingtransactionscopeandqueryingEntity framework Using transaction scope and queryingap  pGiven this, is it a good idea to use this class in a thick client application Because, then all the client machines would need to have this dll and other dependancies present on their machine. Plus, if these dlls are COM based, then  they would need to be registered in the registry too. Is oramts.dll a COM dllAnd can anyone please let me know what are its dependancies Please advise.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pGood I need to add the image of the iPhones camera filter  texture through a UIImagePickerController, but do not know how to directly access the camera image, since only with access to the eye.p  pThe filter may be black  white, sepia or anything else.p  pThank you very much regardsp
Negative 802 pThis is for school, but not homework. Im trying to understand how RDT is implemented and i was able to find another school that had a simulator already created, but just have to fill in the sender and receiver. Anyway, I cant get it work properly. There is some Pseudo code and an FSM diagram for both the sender and receiver. I believe the sender is correct, but Im not too sure about the receiver. Ive never dealt with finite state machine diagrams before, so Im still trying to figure that out too.p  pIll list the receiver to make sure thats right and post more code if need be.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJbz6a.png altFMS receiverp  h1Global Variablesh1  precode  astate 0  can be 03, corresponds to state diagram for asender 3.15   astoredpkt  saved in case we need to retransmit  for asender   bstate  0  can be 01,state diagram for b 3.14   bOnceThru  0  A flag to track if this is the first time through the receiver   bstoredpkt  saved in case we need to retransmit  for bsender codepre  h1Pseudo Codeh1  precodebInput     if pkt is corrupt         if bOnceThru1             send bstoredpkt         else             do nothing     else         if seqno0 ampamp bstate0  seqno1 ampamp bstate1             deliver data to layer 5             Print B got packet              create bstoredpkt             sendpktbstoredpkt             Print B sending ACK              incr bstate mod 2             bOnceThru1         else             if bstate1  bOnceThru1                 send bstoredpkt                 Print B sending ACK  codepre  h1Java Codeh1  precodeprotected void bInputPacket packet     ifisPktCorruptpacket         ifbOnceThru  1             toLayer31,bstoredpkt         else             return              else         ifpacket.getSeqnum  0 ampamp bstate  0              packet.getSeqnum  1 ampamp bstate  1                 toLayer5packet.getPayload                 System.out.printlnB got packet                  bstoredpkt  new Packetpacket                 toLayer31,bstoredpkt                 System.out.printlnB send ACK   packet.getAcknum                 bstate  bstate  1  2                 ifpacket.getSeqnum  0 bOnceThru  1             else                 ifbstate  1  bOnceThru  1                     toLayer31,bstoredpkt                     System.out.printlnB sending ACK   packet.getAcknum                                      codepre  ptoLayer3 and toLayer5 are methods implemented already, nothing i need to worry about. Also, isPktCorrupt is a method to verify the check sum of the current packet with what it has stored.p  pDoes this seem correct Is the pseudo code even correct It runs ok for the first packet and then the second packet just keeps trying to resend. I cant see why though. If i need to, ill post the Sender as well. Thanksp
Negative 802 pSorry, I want to ask a newbie question  br p  pI have PHP scripts like this p  precodeltselect idmembergt  ltphp   sql     select id,name from member order by name    query  mysqlquerysql   whilerowmysqlfetcharrayquery                  gt   ltoption valueltphp echo row[id] gtgtltphp echo row[name] gtltoptiongt  ltphp     gt                 ltselectgt codepre  pthen the result will be generating html like thisp  precodeltselect idmembergt  ltoption value1gtJon Skeetltoptiongt  ltoption value2gtMarc Gravellltoptiongt  ltoption value3gtDarin Dimitrovltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pmy question is, actually I have 2 tables in mysql, first is strongmemberstrong table and second strongmemberinvitedstrong table.br  in strongmemberstrong tablebr  strongidstrong  strongnamestrongbr  br  00   Jon Skeetbr  01   Marc Gravellbr  02   Darin Dimitrovbr p  pbr p  pthen in strongmemberinvitedstrong tablebr  strongidstrong  strongnamestrongbr  br  00   Jon Skeetbr  02   Darin Dimitrovbr p  pbr p  pwithin this two table I want to make my list like thisbr  look at classselected is in option tag that member has invitedbr p  precodeltselect idmembergt  ltoption value1gtJon Skeetltoptiongt  ltoption value2 classselectedgtMarc Gravellltoptiongt  ltoption value3 classselectedgtDarin Dimitrovltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pplease feel free to using javascript or jquery,, or maybe I can solve it just by using PHP  br  many thanks p
Negative 802 pIn our application we use the new .NET 4 routing system to route certain requests to other parts of the site. We are only allowed to publish our site code in late evenings which means we have to stay late at work to publish any code changes. We frequently have the need to create custom routes to support legacy links to old content and route them to the new content. These are often needed right away and as our routes are defined in compiled global.asax we reach an impasse when we need these live immediately but cannot do a code push.p  pIs there a way that we could define routes in some sort of configuration file and have the site read them in programmatically without restarting the applicationp
Negative 802 pI am trying to dynamically serve Zip files, I would like to unzip a file 1x on script launch, and on every request, include a string in a text file and stream the whole zip file to the client.p  pTo handle decent sized concurrency my best solution so far has been to use filesystem Zip and Unzip in a Ramdisk... p  pIt seems like it should be easy to buffer the file into memory, and stream it out per request with modified contents.p
Negative 802 pSo I have a cell loaded directly from a nib filep  precodeNSArray cellContents  [[NSBundle mainBundle] loadNibNamedResultsTableViewCell ownerself optionsnil]         cell  [cellContents objectAtIndex0] codepre  pIn the nib file, there are a UITableViewCell and Two UIViews, each with its own subviews. Strucuture p  precodeTableViewCell    Label 1    Label 2 UIView A    UIView a    UIView b    UIImageView c    UIImageView d UIView B    UIView e    UIView f    UIImageView g    UIImageView h codepre  pSo the UIView A is connected to the backgroundView property for the UITableViewCell, the UIView B is connected to selectedBackgroundView property. p  pProblem So why A shows up fine as the background for the cell with all its subviews, and the UIImageViews in B works fine, but the UIViews in B simply doesnt show up however I change it Thanksp
Negative 802 pSpecifically thinking of web apps, p  pstrong1 why are relationshipsieforeign keys in RDBMS even usefulstrongp  pThe web apps I write have logic builtin that validates user input against required fields. I see no real use for foreign keys and thus no real use for relational databases.p  pBesides, if I were to put all the required field validation logic in the RDBMSieMySQL it would simply return a vague error. At least with PHPbased validation I know which field is missing and I can notify the userthough with Javascriptbased validation this would almost NEVER happen anyway.p  pstrong2 Was there a point in the past where RDBMS were useful for some reason or is there a reason they are useful now that Im not aware ofstrongp  pI really need some insight on this topic. Im simply cant come up with a good answer.p
Negative 802 pMy landscapemode only iPad app has a dropdown list as part of a Navigation Controller and Id like to programmatically show the list at startup rather than waiting for the user to click the button at the top. How can I do thatp
Negative 802 pI want to get textbox values from a gridview template field using jQuery.p  pExamplep  blockquote ID  Name  Age br  1  Hung  Textbox has value  20 br  2  John  Texbox has value  19 blockquote  pHow do I get the textbox values 20 or 19 depending upon clicking when I click the first or second row of textboxes using jQueryp  pThanks allp
Negative 802 pWhen ever I send back a JSON array via AJAX one of the objects will be errortruefalse. It worked fine in version 1.4.2 but since then I have changed to 1.6.2. On 1.6.2 I have built modal script but when I put it live I was getting an error with the JSON array saying that property error does not exist, or something along those lines, when it does.p  pI tried changing back to previous version of 1.4.2 but then I had a problem with the modal mentioning a problem to do with handle somewhere on the jQuery script itself.p  pI dont know if anyone has experienced the same problem but does anyone know how to fix it p  pMany thanksp  pEdit It return a string like this errorfalse, data[elementcurrentweather,htmlRain,elementcurrenttemp,html22degC] Im not sure if its anything to do with the arrayp
Negative 802 pCan anyone tell me how to remove the QLPreviewController print button  Also would like to disable cutpastecopy.p
Negative 802 pIs anyone have solution for textarea height problem in Chromep  pIn simple case like thisp  precodeltdivgt     lttextareagt     lttextareagt ltdivgt codepre  pGoogle Chrome add two pixels, so div.height  textarea.height  2px. And yes, I try Erics reset.ccs  didnt work.p  pP.S. of course in my simple case textarea and div have border, padding and margin 0px.p
Negative 802 pI have been using WEKA to do some text classification work and I want to try out R.p  pThe problem is I cannot load the String to Vector ARFF files created by WEKAs string parser into Rattle .p  pstrongLooking at the logs I get something likestrongp  precodeError in scanfile, what, nmax, sep, dec, quote, skip, nlines, na.strings,   scan expected a real, got 2281 codepre  pstrongMy ARFF data file looks a bit like thisstrongp  precoderelation reviewData  attribute polarity 0,2 ..... attribute  numeric attribute we numeric attribute wer numeric attribute win numeric attribute work numeric  data 0 2,63 1,71 1,100 1,112 1,140 1,186 1,228 1 14 1,40 1,48 1,52 1,61 1,146 1 2 1,41 1,43 1,57 1,71 1,79 1,106 1,108 1,133 1,146 1,149 1,158 1,201 1 0 2,6 1,25 1,29 1,42 1,49 1,69 1,82 1,108 1,116 1,138 1,140 1,155 1 .... codepre  pAny ideas how I can convert this into an R readable formatp  pCheersp
Negative 802 pIm attempting to create a script cmdlet with dynamic parameters for each of the targets in an MSBuild project file.  Its working with one minor annoyance  it only autocompletes the static parameters until I type the first characters of a target parameter.p  pMy script with the cmdlet MakeProject follows.p  pWhat would cause DynamicParam to not return parameters unless the first part of the parameter is enteredp  precodeSetAlias mk MakeProject  function MakeProject      [CmdletBindingDefaultParameterSetNameBuild]     PARAM         [ParameterParameterSetNameBuild]         [Switch]Build,          [ParameterParameterSetNameClean]         [Switch]Clean,          [ParameterParameterSetNameRebuild]         [Switch]Rebuild,          [ValidateSet q,quiet, m,minimal, n,normal, d,detailed, diag,diagnostic ]         [string]BuildVerbosity,          [Switch]CertificationBuild,          [Switch]BuildDebug           PROCESS               Defaults         certBuild           target  Usage         buildTarget  Build         verbosity  minimal         configuration  release          if  [System.Convert]ToBoolean envprojectbuilddebug                configuration  debug           foreach paramName in MyInvocation.BoundParameters.Keys                       switch RegEx  paramName                               iCertificationBuild     certBuild  cert                  iBuildCleanRebuild    buildTarget  paramName                  iBuildVerbosity       verbosity  MyInvocation.BoundParameters[ paramName ]                  iBuildDebug       configuration  debug                  default              target  paramName                                 msbuildexe  GetMSBuildExe         if  msbuildexe.Contains v4.0                cmd  msbuildexe vverbosity certBuild m propertyConfigurationconfiguration propertyBuildTargetbuildTarget targettarget propertyCLR41 Project.proj          else              cmd  msbuildexe vverbosity certBuild m propertyConfigurationconfiguration propertyBuildTargetbuildTarget targettarget tv3.5 Project.proj          WriteHost cmd         InvokeExpression cmd           DynamicParam              projFile  .Project.Proj         projXml  [xml] GetContent projFile           paramDictionary  NewObject System.Management.Automation.RuntimeDefinedParameterDictionary         projXml.Project.Target                 paramName  .Name             attribute  NewObject System.Management.Automation.ParameterAttribute             attribute.ParameterSetName  AllParameterSets             attribute.Mandatory  false             attributeCollection  NewObject System.Collections.ObjectModel.Collection[System.Attribute]             attributeCollection.Addattribute              param  NewObject System.Management.Automation.RuntimeDefinedParameter paramName, [Switch], attributeCollection              paramDictionary.Add paramName, param                   return paramDictionary        function GetMSBuildExe      bitness       if  envPROCESSORARCHITECTURE eq AMD64           bitness  64       msbuildexe  envSystemRootMicrosoft.NETFrameworkbitnessv4.0.30319MSBuild.exe     if  not TestPath msbuildexe           msbuildexe  envSystemRootMicrosoft.NETFrameworkbitnessv3.5MSBuild.exe       msbuildexe  codepre
Negative 802 pIs it possible to have nested codevaluecode resources I want to categorise my codestringscode based on the Activity in which they are being displayed. So say I would like somthing of this sortp  precode value   gt login    .. strings.xml   gtregistration    .. strings.xml codepre  pIs this possible If yes, how do I access these resources from the codelayoutcode filesp
Negative 802 pHaving trouble getting a form using PHP, JQuery Form plugin, and JQuery Validate plugin to work as expected. Im using Validation plugin v 1.8.1, so it is not due to the bug with codedataType json,code being read as codejsonpcode. Below is the htmlp  precodeltphp requireonceincludesinitialize.php gt ltphp requireoncelayoutsheader.php gt ltbodygt     ltdiv classcontainer12gt          ltdiv classgrid4 idformgt              ltform actionactionsregister.php methodPOST classcmxform namefrmPrntRgstr idfrmPrntRgstrgt         ltpgt                 ltlabelgtDesired Usernameltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext nameuserName iduserName value gt         ltpgt             ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt         ltpgt                 ltlabelgtPasswordltlabelgt         ltinput typepassword namePwd idPwd gt            ltpgt             ltpgt                 ltlabelgtConfirm Passwordltlabelgt                 ltinput typepassword nameconfirmPwd idconfirmPwd gt             ltpgt             ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt              ltpgt                  ltlabelgtFirst Nameltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext namefirstName idfirstName value gt             ltpgt             ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt             ltpgt                 ltlabelgtLast Nameltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext idlastName namelastName value gt             ltpgt             ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt             ltpgt                 ltlabelgtEmail Addressltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext idemail nameemail value gt             ltpgt             ltdiv classcleargtltdivgt             ltpgt                  ltlabelgtCell Phoneltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext idcellPhone namecellPhone value gt             ltpgt             ltpgt                 ltlabelgtHome Phoneltlabelgt                 ltinput typetext idhomePhone namehomePhone value gt             ltpgt             ltinput typehidden idrole namerole value2 gt             ltinput typehidden idapproved nameapproved value0 gt             ltinput typehidden idschool nameschool value0 gt             ltpgt                  ltinput classsubmit typesubmit idregUser valueSubmit gt             ltpgt         ltformgt         ltp idfrmPrntRgstrRspns styledisplay nonegtA Response goes here.ltpgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  p p  pSimplified version of register.php without error checkingp  precodeltphp requireonce..includesinitialize.php gt ltphp requireonce..layoutsappheader.php gt  ltphp     if issetPOST[userName]      auser  new User     ausergtuserName  POST[userName]     ausergthshdPwd  sha1POST[Pwd]     ausergtfirstName  POST[firstName]     ausergtlastName  POST[lastName]     ausergtemail  POST[email]     ausergtcellPhone  POST[cellPhone]     ausergthomePhone  POST[homePhone]     ifisnullPOST[school]           ausergtschool  POST[school]      else      ausergtschool  0             ausergtprelimrole  POST[role]     ausergtapproved  POST[approved]     ifausergtcreate      abc  arrayresponsegtRequest successfully submitted       else       abc  arrayresponsegtErrors.       return gt      ltscript typetextjavascriptgt          var resp2  ltphp echo jsonencodeabc, JSONFORCEOBJECT gt     ltscriptgt     ltphp          gt codepre  pBelow is the register.js filep  precodedocument.readyfunction   frmPrntRgstr.validate                     rules                              firstName required,                             lastName required,                             userName                                  required true,                                 minlength 6                             ,                             Pwd                              required true,                             minlength 6                             ,                             confirmPwd                                  required true,                                 minlength 6,                                 equalTo Pwd                             ,                             homePhone                                  required true,                             ,                             cellPhone                                  required true,                             ,                             email                                  required true,                                 email true                             ,                             ,                             messages                              firstName Please enter your firstname,                             lastName Please enter your lastname,                             userName                                  required Please enter a username,                                 minlength Your username must consist of at least 6 characters                             ,                             hshdPwd                                  required Please provide a password,                                 minlength Your password must be at least 6 characters long                             ,                             confirmPwd                                  required Please provide a password,                                 minlength Your password must be at least 6 characters long,                                 equalTo Please enter the same password as above                             ,                             email Please enter a valid email address,                             ,                             submitHandler functionform                                  frmPrntRgstr.ajaxSubmit                                                         dataType json,                                                     success    processJson,                                                                                                        function processJson                          var resp3  .parseJSONresp2              frmPrntRgstr.slideUpnormal, function                              resp3.response.appendTofrmPrntRgstrRspns, function                         frmPrntRgstrRspns.slideDownnormal                                                                  codepre  pI have tried changing content type to applicationjson in all files. When I remove codedataType jsoncode and have a success function like codefrmPrntRgstr.slideUpnormal, function   frmPrntRgstrRspns.slideDownnormal code everything works fine. When I add codedataType jsoncode, even when Im not trying to parse the json server response or use it in the success function, the new user will be inserted into the MySQL database, but the clientside sees no response. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI am having trouble with playing multiple sound effects using the SoundPool class. Basically I am making a real time game that involves the user tapping a bunch of objects on the screen. Whenever the player touches an object, I need to play the sound. So Ive turned to the SoundPool class. Below is my codep  precodeprivate SoundPool mSoundPool private int mSoundId  protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     PreferencesManager.getInstancethis      setContentViewR.layout.arcademode     initialize   private void initialize      this.setVolumeControlStreamAudioManager.STREAMMUSIC     mSoundPool  new SoundPoolmBalloonPopCount, R.raw.pop, 0     mSoundId  mSoundPool.loadthis, R.raw.pop, 1   private void playSound      float actualVolume  float audioManager.getStreamVolumeAudioManager.STREAMMUSIC     float maxVolume  float audioManager.getStreamMaxVolumeAudioManager.STREAMMUSIC     float volume  actualVolume  maxVolume     mSoundPool.playmSoundId, volume, volume, 1, 0, 1f  codepre  pNow whenever the codeplaySoundcode method is called, I do not hear anything. When I look into LogCat, I see the following linesp  precode0814 194850.117 ERRORAudioFlinger2613 invalid stream type 0814 194850.117 ERRORAudioTrack15611 AudioFlinger could not create track, status 22 0814 194850.117 ERRORSoundPool15611 Error creating AudioTrack codepre  pThe audio file in question is a strong.wavstrong file. Ive also tried strong.oggstrong and strong.mp3strong files and they dont work either. The sound file is very small the .wav file doesnt even take up 60KB so size isnt the issue...p
Negative 802 pMy Plugin form codep  precodefunction ppsettingspage      ppoptions  getoptionppoptions     gt     ltdiv classwrapgt         lth2gtPost Products Settingslth2gt         ltform actionoptions.php methodpostgt             ltphp settingsfieldsppoptionsgroup gt             lttable classformtablegt                 lttr valigntopgt                     ltth scoperowgtCurrency sign ltthgt                     lttdgtltinput typetext nameppoptions[currencysign] valueltphp echo ppoptions[currencysign] gt gtlttdgt                 lttrgt             lttablegt             ltp classsubmitgt                 ltinput typesubmit classbuttonprimary valueSave changes gt             ltpgt         ltformgt     ltdivgt     ltphp  codepre  pI have tried to call it within the template files usingp  precodeltphp ppoptionsgetoptionppoptionsgt codepre  pandp  precodeltphp getoptionppoptionsgt codepre  pWhat am I missingp
Negative 802 pI need to show some data to my user, in my Android app, which fit on one page and, I want to give her the possibility to show more details, i.e. more data.br In my situation I have some textviews inside a vertical scrollview inside a relative layout.br Is there a best practice, or a recommendation, or just something you like  to implement the more details user control To show an icon, a button, some text, ...p
Negative 802 pHi All and thank you for taking the time to look at my question.p  pIm a newbie to Python, thought I have experience in phpmysql.p  pI was just handed a code repository of a django site and asked to get it up and running on a server. Ive been able to run syncdb and migrate. Now Im trying to navigate to my site in the browser and this is the error that I getp  precodeImportError Could not import settings settings.py Is it on sys.path No module named settings.py codepre  pMy apach2.conf python config looks like this p  precodeltLocation gt SetHandler pythonprogram PythonHandler django.core.handlers.modpython PythonOption django.root myproject SetEnv DJANGOSETTINGSMODULE settings.py PythonPath [homeubuntuenvslive,homeubuntuenvslivemyproject,homeubuntuenvslivemyprojectapps, homeubuntuenvsstagemyproject, homeubuntuenvs, varwww]  sys.path PythonDebug on codepre  pp  pThe settings.py file is in the directory homeubuntuvenvslivemyproject.p  pCan someone please help me herep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI am trying to search inputs with the required ids.But it seems my regular expression is incorrect. Please help me to correct it. And also please suggest me to improve coding standards. I will have inputs with ids like.. a11,b11,c3999,d4777 etc... Those will be there inside a codelttdgtcode.br What i want is i need to some inputs with the passed ids.br Like p  precode   NoneArray[a1,c3].   codepre  pSo i need to find these ids and assign a Class. For that i am using below code.. p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netnnQxN relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netnnQxNap  precodeforvar i  0i lt NoneArray.lengthi      var x  NoneArray[i]     input.filterfunction           return this.propid.match[x][09]     .addClassxve  codepre  pPlease help me on this. Or please suggest me any another way using codepushstackcode and codemapcode functions.p
Negative 802 pI would like just to extract a normal zip file, but it keeps failing. This is my code Im using nowp  precodeprivate File downloadPath  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory  Testfile.zip private File unzipLoc  new FileEnvironment.getExternalStorageDirectory  Test         FileInputStream fin  new FileInputStreamdownloadPath          ZipInputStream zin  new ZipInputStreamfin         ZipEntry ze  null          while ze  zin.getNextEntry  null                        FileOutputStream fout  new FileOutputStreamunzipLoc  ze.getName              for int c  zin.read c  1 c  zin.read                                fout.writec                             zin.closeEntry              fout.close                    zin.close  codepre  pIt fails on the zin.getNextEntry part. Error java.util.zip.ZipException Cannot read version Any ideas Thxp
Negative 802 pSuppose that after primitive validation of user submitted URL I have the string that looks like URLp  precodeurl  httpwww.thisdomaindoesntexist.comdontevenaskaboutthisuri codepre  pHow can I check if its available or notp  pI tried this in my isvalidlink functionp  precoderequire nethttp url  URI.parseurl req  NetHTTP.newurl.host, url.port res  req.requestheadurl.path codepre  pIt works if the server exists giving me back the HTTP response, but the problem is that in case of bad url I get an error like thisp  precodeSocketError in PostsControllercreate  getaddrinfo nodename nor servname provided, or not known codepre  pHow should I do this kind of validation properlyp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pEach time i develop a website i got into the first dilemma what browsers are most used and what takes a lot of time of developing and not worth to touch, where people see the standards I got some 300 hits a day sites, but i dont think i can measure it. Anyone has ideas or share the same dilemma with me Ap
Negative 802 pDoes anybody know whats kind of event happend on target control when I use codeerrorProvider.SetIconAlignmentcode methodp  pfor examplep  pWhen I call codeerrorProvider.SetIconAlignmentmytextbox1, ErrorIconAlignment.MiddleRightcodep  pon mytextbox1 I want to catch this event whenever SetIconAlignment was calledp
Negative 802 pI have a powershell script which outputs all Exchange 2003 mailboxes by size.p  precodecomputers  vexch01,vexch02 foreach computer in computers    GetWmiobject namespace rootMicrosoftExchangeV2 class ExchangeMailbox computer computer  sortobject desc Size  selectobject MailboxDisplayName,StoreName,NameSizeMbExpression[math]round.Size  1024,2, MailboxGUID  ExportCsv notype Path computer.csv   codepre  pCurrently this outputs the MailboxGUID as a string type GUID e.g. 21EC20203AEA1069A2DD08002B30309D.  I want to look up users in AD by this, but AD stores them in octetBytes format.p  pI have found some a hrefhttpwww.leadfollowmove.comarchivespowershellconvertingaguidstringtooctetstring relnofollowpowershell functionsa which will do the conversion but only when the curly braces are removed.  The a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrary560tzess.aspx relnofollowGuid.ToStringa method should supply this, but I cant get it to work in the above.  p  pHowever, if I could figure out how to do that, the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.guid.tobytearray.aspx relnofollowGuid.ToByteArraya method might get me even closer.p  pHas anyone cracked thisp  pUpdate the answers so far helped me write a function that converts the mailboxguid into the correct format for searching via LDAP.  However, I now cannot get this working in the script.  This is my updated scriptp  precodefunction ConvertGuidToLdapSearchString     [parametermandatorytrue, position0]Guid       guidobject  [System.Guid]Guid     guidobject.ToByteArray  foreach    .ToStringx2  join     Gets data through WMI from specified Exchange mailbox servers servers  vexch01,vexch02 foreach server in servers    GetWmiobject namespace rootMicrosoftExchangeV2 class ExchangeMailbox computer computer  sortobject desc Size  selectobject MailboxDisplayName,StoreName,NameSizeMbExpression[math]round.Size  1024,2, NameLDAP GuidExpressionConvertGuidToLdapSearchStringMailboxGUID  ExportCsv notype Path server.csv   codepre  pIm not sure why using the function in the codeselectobjectcode with codeNameLDAP GuidExpressionConvertGuidToLdapSearchStringMailboxGUIDcode doesnt work.p  pIs there another way of using this function in codeselectobjectcode that will give the stringp
Negative 802 pAccording to the a hrefhttpwww.w3.orgProtocolsrfc2616rfc2616sec9.htmlsec9.6 relnofollowspecap  blockquote   pThe PUT method requests that the enclosed entity be stored under the   supplied RequestURI. If the RequestURI refers to an already existing   resource, the enclosed entity SHOULD be considered as a modified   version of the one residing on the origin server.p blockquote  pSo if I have to implement a RESTFul service to change the age of a Personp  blockquote   pid 100, name John Doe, description Tall, age 40p blockquote  pto strongage 60strong, should my PUT request containp  blockquote   pid 100, name John Doe, description Tall, age 60p blockquote  por justp  blockquote   page 60p blockquote  pShould the server be expected to merge and update just what changed or completely delete and readd the resourcep
Negative 802 pIm trying to make a theoretical web chat application with a hrefquestionstaggedphp classposttag titleshow questions tagged php reltagphpa and a hrefquestionstaggedjquery classposttag titleshow questions tagged jquery reltagjquerya, Ive read about long polling and http streaming, and I managed to apply most principles introduced in the articles. However, there are 2 main things I still cant get my head around.p  h2With Long Pollingh2  ul liHow will the server know when an update have been sent will it need to query the databse continually or is there a better wayli ul  h2With HTTP Streamingh2  ul liHow do I check for the results during the Ajax connection is still active Im aware of jQuerys codesuccesscode function for ajax calls, but how do I check the data strongwhilestrong the connection is still ongoingli ul  pIll appreciate any and all answers, thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pIm reading beginning iPad application development, and at the bluetooth chapter im testing the code exactly as it appears at the book. The only difference is that the book was for 3.2 and Im using XCODE 4 for iOS 4.0.p  pXCODE does not throw any error or warning, it builds correctly, but when testing at the iPhone it doesnt discover other devices.p  pWhats wrongp  pThe viewController.h looks likep  precodeimport ltUIKitUIKit.hgt import ltGameKitGameKit.hgt  interface pruebaBluetoothViewController  UIViewController ltGKSessionDelegate, GKPeerPickerControllerDelegategt  GKSession currentSession IBOutlet UITextField txtMessage IBOutlet UIButton connect IBOutlet UIButton disconnect GKPeerPickerController picker  property nonatomic, retain GKSession currentSession property nonatomic, retain UITextField txtMessage property nonatomic, retain UIButton connect property nonatomic, retain UIButton disconnect IBAction btnSendid sender IBAction btnConnectid sender IBAction btnDisconnectid sender end codepre  pWhile the .m looks likep  precodeimport pruebaBluetoothViewController.h  implementation pruebaBluetoothViewController  synthesize currentSession synthesize txtMessage synthesize connect synthesize disconnect   voidviewDidLoad  [connect setHiddenNO] [disconnect setHiddenYES] [super viewDidLoad]  IBAction btnConnectid sender  picker  [[GKPeerPickerController alloc] init] picker.delegate  self picker.connectionTypesMask  GKPeerPickerConnectionTypeNearby [connect setHiddenYES] [disconnect setHiddenNO] [picker show]   voidpeerPickerControllerGKPeerPickerController pk didConnectPeerNSString peerID toSessionGKSession  session  self.currentSession  session session.delegate  self [session setDataReceiveHandlerself withContextnil] picker.delegate  nil [picker dismiss] [picker autorelease]   voidpeerPickerControllerDidCancelGKPeerPickerController pk  picker.delegate  nil [picker autorelease] [connect setHiddenNO] [disconnect setHiddenYES]  IBAction btnDisconnectid sender  [self.currentSession disconnectFromAllPeers] [self.currentSession release] currentSession  nil [connect setHiddenNO] [disconnect setHiddenYES]   voidsessionGKSession session peerNSString peerID didChangeStateGKPeerConnectionStatestate  switch state  case GKPeerStateConnected NSLogconnected break case GKPeerStateDisconnected NSLogdisconnected [self.currentSession release] currentSession  nil [connect setHiddenNO] [disconnect setHiddenYES] break    voiddealloc  [txtMessage release] [currentSession release] [super dealloc]    void mySendDataToPeersNSData  data  if currentSession [self.currentSession sendDataToAllPeersdata withDataModeGKSendDataReliable errornil]  IBAction btnSendid sender  convert an NSString object to NSData NSData data NSString str  [NSString stringWithStringtxtMessage.text] data  [str dataUsingEncoding NSASCIIStringEncoding] [self mySendDataToPeersdata]   void receiveDataNSData data fromPeerNSString peer inSessionGKSession session contextvoid context  convert the NSData to NSString NSString str str  [[NSString alloc] initWithDatadata encodingNSASCIIStringEncoding] UIAlertView alert  [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitleData received messagestr delegateself cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil] [alert show] [alert release]  codepre
Negative 802 pI know that I can make a call between two emulator on same machine, but is it possible to make a call between two emulator between two different machine. If yes then how If not then why p
Negative 802 pSorry for bugging you again, but I still cant find a way to make a callback from my activity to a service... p  pFound a similar question  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3398363howtodefinecallbacksinandroidHow to Define Callbacks in Androidap  precode The callback interface interface MyCallback      void callbackCall    The class that takes the callback class Worker     MyCallback callback     void onEvent        callback.callbackCall        Option 1  class Callback implements MyCallback     void callback         callback code goes here       worker.callback  new Callback codepre  pyet not sure how to integrate that sample into my project.p  pAny suggestions or links to clear tutorials would be greatp
Negative 802 pin standard Ajax, codewherecode and codeorder bycode SQL clauses are provided by the program not user, egp  precodevar url  .selectddempampwhereescapeemptpabc and hiredtltcurrentdate2 years and superempid is distinct from empid codepre  panswered on the server byp  precodewhere  issetGET[where]  pureClauseGET[where]  null order  issetGET[order]  pureClauseGET[order]  null ... query  query.where where where.order order by order codepre  pthe question is what should function codepureClausecode look likep  pright now codepureClausecode simply raises error if any of the following existp  precode select insert update delete drop create truncate codepre  pif other injection causes query failure, thats fine, strongas long as data undamagedstrong.p  pto me this seems adequate, but in my heart, I know Im wrong.p  pClarificationsp  ul liprepared statements in Postgres, although very fast, are a pain to set up and maintain  theyre ok for well used queries but not custom queries.li licreating a prepared statement for each transaction is a emhugeem db hit.  much preferred if security can be attained in at the app level.li ul  pLastly, consider the where clausep  precodeemptpabc and hiredtcurrentdt2 years and superempid is distinct from empid codepre  phow many placeholders here  this needs to be parsed correctly before being fed into a prepared statement with placeholders, right  or am I completely missing the boatp  hr   pPrimary factsp  ul liemnotem practical to write a SQL clause parser for parameterized prepared statementsli liemnotem practical to write a SQL clause sanitizer that guarantees no harmli ul  pSolutionp  pfor SELECTS, where the random SQL can be a problem since its too hard to protect the database, let the database protect itself  have different users have different roles  permissions.  use a readonly user for selects.  for normal SQL, this guarantees no DML from these statements.p  pbest practices emfourem db user accessesp  ol licodedevelopercode, do everything emneverem use as connection in web appli licodedmlcode  can select  dml on almost everything must use for dmlli licodereadcode  can select use for all selects, whether prepared or textli licodelogincode  can only execute loginpassword functions used in login processli ol  ppassword protectionp  ul licodedmlcode and codereadcode may not access password data, either through select or dmlli licodelogincode should access password data emonlyem through protected functions, eg,li ul  pre      function login username, password   returns userid      function setpassword usrid, password   sets password pre  ul lionly codelogincode may run the codelogincode and codesetpasswordcode functionsli lidepending on your database, codelogincode emmayem need sql access to password columnsli lidepending on your database, the codepasswordcode column may be protected itself if not, then should be moved out of the codeusercode table into its own secure tableli ul  psetting this up in codemysqlcode, using the administrator tool, took about 30 minutes, including time to write the login functions and split out the password column.p
Negative 802 pSuppose i want to create polls and quiz with a question and with several options as answers.p  pDo i have to create Poll model for this p  pHow can i track the percentage result for every option in polls table p  pShould i make another table with polls answer options p  pWhat would be the table relationship for polls question and polls answer p  pIs this correct wayp  precodecreate table polls id integer not null autoincrement primary key, question varchar300 not null, mark tinyint not null, created datetime, modified datetime  create table pollsanswers id integer not null integer autoincrement primary key, pollid integer not null, answer varchar500 not null, mark tityint not null, created datetime, modified datetime   create table quizes id integer not null autoincrement primary key, question varchar300 not null, mark tinyint not null, created datetime, modified datetime  create table quizesanswers id integer not null integer autoincrement primary key, quizid integer not null, answer varchar500 not null, mark tityint not null, created datetime, modified datetime codepre  pIf i make a mysql table polls , then can i access and use that table with posts or other controller or must i create pollscontroller.php and poll.php model p  pCan i do this without making new model and controller p
Negative 802 pI have some input fields in my View. I want a link to be generated dynamically based off the users input into these fields.p  pMy understanding is that normally, php cannot be updated after the page is rendered, but for some reason I think this is different in an MVC setupp  pMy solution  based on this assumption  is to store a php variable in the user input field. And call that variable where my link is generated.p  pexample the input field, I want to store the input text into new variable codelocationholdcodep  precodeltdtgtltlabel forlocationarea classrequiredgtArealtlabelgtltdtgt     ltddgtltinput typetext namelocationarea idlocationarea valueltphp ifthisgtvalidationgtlocationarea echo thisgtvalidationgtlocationarea locationholdthisgtvalidationgtlocationarea else echo propertygtlocationarea gt classrequired gtltddgt codepre  pand then somehow summon codelocationholdcode and make it part of this linkp  precodelta hrefhttptwitter.comshare classtwittersharebutton dataurlhttpwww.mysite.comitemlistingltphp echo locationhold gt  datatextNEW POST datacountnonegtTweetltagt codepre  panyway this doesnt quite work, tips the codeltphp echo gtcode is ignored. My tweet says New Post a hrefhttpwww.mysite.comitemlisting relnofollowhttpwww.mysite.comitemlistinga  and not the rest of the information that I wanted to dynamically append to the link. This may be because by the time the page rendered, locationhold was still empty, but how can I retain a user modified value in it and achieve the result I am looking forp
Negative 802 pI have two separate PostgreSQL count queries that I would like to output as one combined report. I have done a little bit of research into this and found that it could be done through a stored procedure, but I am not sure how I should go about doing this Im fairly new to Postgres programming.p  pBoth of the queries are returning counts.p  pAny insight into this would be much appreciatedp
Negative 802 pI have a multidimentional array composed of latin and Berber strings that I want to use as a reference to replace input datap  precodevar alphabet  Array   Array a,  , Array b,  , Array g,  , Array gw,  , Array d,  , Array ,  , Array e,  , Array f,  , Array k,  , Array kw,  , Array h,  , Array ,  , Array ,  , Array x,  , Array q,  , Array i,  , Array j,  , Array l,  , Array m,  , Array n,  , Array u,  , Array r,  , Array ,  , Array ,  , Array s,  , Array ,  , Array c,  , Array t,  , Array ,  , Array w,  , Array Y,  , Array z,  , Array ,                         var word  input[nameword].val  var wordsplit  word.split  var tifinaghized    for var i  0 i lt wordsplit.length i      tifinaghized  word.replacewordsplit, alphabet[i][1]   span.generatedtifinaghe.html tifinaghized  codepre  pSo if the user types a it should be replaced by the berber representation of it . This replaces only the first character but not the whole input data. How could I replace the Latin characters in the alphabet array with their pairs on the same alphabet arrayp  pPS if you see squares its normal.p
Negative 802 pIm having some trouble with blur and click events in backbone.  I have a view code below that creates a little search entry div with a button.  I pop open this div and put focus on the entry field.  If someone clicks off blur I notify a parent view to close this one.  If they click on the button Ill initiate a search.p  pThe blur behavior works fine, however when I click on the button I also get a blur event and cant get the click event.  Have I got this structured rightp  pBTW, some other posts have suggested things like adding timers to the div in case its being closed before the click event fires.  I can comment out the close completely and still only get the blur event.  Do these only fire one at a time on some kind of firstcomfirstserved basisp  precodePBSearchEntryView  Backbone.View.extend     template .templateltdiv idsearchEntry classsearchEntrygtltinput idpartgtltinputgtltbutton idfinditgtSearchltbuttongtltdivgt,     events          click button find,         blur part close     ,     initialize functionargs          this.dad  args.dad     ,     render function         this.el.htmlthis.template         return this     ,     close functionevent this.dad.close ,     find function          alertFind       codepre
Negative 802 pThe problem is with Memory management because I keep receiving Out of Memory exception.  Here are the scenarios where we face the problemp  pPlease note 1. The siteapplication is developed in ASP.Net and uploaded on a server with the following specs  Windows Server 2008 R2 Standard  Intel Xeon L55202.27GHz 2.27GHz  RAM  8GB  System Type  64bitp  ol lipThe application is event management based web application where the requirements include saving huge amount of data in Sessions etc mentioning this in case it is relevantpli lipThe applicationssite works fine until wep  ul liEdit a file directly on the serverli liUpdate a file from repositoryli liCopyPaste a file we dont usually edit code using this techniqueli liPlease note, all of the above hold true ONLY when the traffic to the site is high that is, li liThe issueerror Out of Memory is not produced when the trafficvisits is lowli ulli lipDetails ofp  ul liSystem Properties  Advanced  Performance Settings  Advanced tabli liTotal paging file size for all drives 16362 MBli ulli lipIn web.config  Is there any way we can debug this problem to the core and find out a solution. Can you please provide linkshelp where we can further investigate this problempli ol  pBest regards, Farrukhp
Negative 802 pI have model class which contains NSStrings codestudentNamecode, codestudentRankcode and codestudentImagecode. I wanna sort the codeNSMutableArraycode according to codestudentRankscode. what I have done is p  precode voiduploadFinishedASIHTTPRequest theRequest      NSString response  nil     response  [formDataRequest responseString]     NSError jsonError  nil     SBJsonParser json  [[SBJsonParser new] autorelease]     NSArray arrResponse  NSArray [json objectWithStringresponse errorampjsonError]     if [jsonError code]0           get the array of results from the feed and cast to NSArray         NSMutableArray localObjects  [[[NSMutableArray alloc] init] autorelease]          loop over all the results objects and print their names         int ndx          for ndx  0 ndx lt arrResponse.count ndx                       [localObjects addObjectNSDictionary [arrResponse objectAtIndexndx]]                   for int x0 xlt[localObjects count] x                       TopStudents object  [[[TopStudents alloc] initWithjsonResultDictionary[localObjects objectAtIndexx]] autorelease]              [localObjects replaceObjectAtIndexx withObjectobject]                   topStudentsArray  [[NSMutableArray alloc] initWithArraylocalObjects]        codepre  pHow can I sort this codetopStudentsArraycode according to the ranks scored by the Students and If the two or more student have the same rank, How can I group them.  I did like thisp  precodeTopStudents object     NSSortDescriptor  sortByRank  [[[NSSortDescriptor alloc] initWithKeystudentRank ascendingNO] autorelease]     NSArray  descriptors  [NSArray arrayWithObjectsortByRank]     NSArray  sorted  [topStudentsArray sortedArrayUsingDescriptorsdescriptors] codepre  pbut this is not displaying results properly. please help me to overcome this problem. thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pisnt DispatcherServlet is responsible for managing the mvcconfig only, and the ContextLoaderListener is responsible for applicationContext.xmlp  pthis was my old configuration for web.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingISO88591gt ltwebapp xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee xmlnswebhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp25.xsd xsischemaLocationhttpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaee httpjava.sun.comxmlnsjavaeewebapp25.xsd version2.5gt    lt start up and shut down Springs root WebApplicationContext Interface to provide configuration for a web application gt   ltlistenergt     ltlistenerclassgtorg.springframework.web.context.ContextLoaderListenerltlistenerclassgt   ltlistenergt    lt Central dispatcher for HTTP request handlerscontrollers take an incoming URI and find the right combination of handlers generally methods on Controller classes    and views generally JSPs that combine to form the page or resource thats supposed to be found at that location. gt   ltservletgt     ltservletnamegtpltservletnamegt     ltservletclassgtorg.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServletltservletclassgt     ltinitparamgt       ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt       ltparamvaluegt             WEBINFspringwebmvcconfig.xml                    ltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt     ltloadonstartupgt1ltloadonstartupgt   ltservletgt    ltservletmappinggt     ltservletnamegtpltservletnamegt     lturlpatterngtplturlpatterngt   ltservletmappinggt    lt allows one to specify a character encoding for requests.    This is useful because current browsers typically do not set a character encoding even if specified in the HTML page or form gt   ltfiltergt     ltfilternamegtencodingfilterltfilternamegt     ltfilterclassgtorg.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilterltfilterclassgt     ltinitparamgt       ltparamnamegtencodingltparamnamegt       ltparamvaluegtutf8ltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt     ltinitparamgt       ltparamnamegtforceEncodingltparamnamegt       ltparamvaluegttrueltparamvaluegt     ltinitparamgt   ltfiltergt    ltfiltermappinggt     ltfilternamegtencodingfilterltfilternamegt     lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltdispatchergtREQUESTltdispatchergt     ltdispatchergtFORWARDltdispatchergt   ltfiltermappinggt    ltcontextparamgt     ltparamnamegtcontextConfigLocationltparamnamegt     ltparamvaluegt       WEBINFspringapplicationContext.xml     ltparamvaluegt   ltcontextparamgt    lt     ltfiltergt   ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt    ltfilterclassgtorg.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxyltfilterclassgt    ltfiltergt   ltfiltermappinggt   ltfilternamegtspringSecurityFilterChainltfilternamegt    lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt    ltfiltermappinggt     gt     lt Based on the popular and very useful modrewrite for apache, UrlRewriteFilter is a Java Web Filter for any J2EE        compliant web application server such as Resin or Tomcat, which allows you to rewrite URLs before they get to your        code. It is a very powerful tool just like Apaches modrewrite. gt   ltfiltergt   ltfilternamegtUrlRewriteFilterltfilternamegt    ltfilterclassgtorg.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilterltfilterclassgt   ltfiltergt    ltfiltermappinggt   ltfilternamegtUrlRewriteFilterltfilternamegt    lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt    ltfiltermappinggt   ltwebappgt codepre  pbut with this config, i got the following exceptionp  precodeorg.hibernate.HibernateException No Hibernate Session bound to thread, and configuration does not allow creation of nontransactional one here     org.springframework.orm.hibernate3.SpringSessionContext.currentSessionSpringSessionContext.java63     org.hibernate.impl.SessionFactoryImpl.getCurrentSessionSessionFactoryImpl.java574     com.spring.sample.dao.impl.PersonDaoImpl.getCurrentSessionPersonDaoImpl.java30     com.spring.sample.dao.impl.PersonDaoImpl.getAllPersonsPersonDaoImpl.java69     com.spring.sample.controller.PersonsController.getPersonsController.java34     sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java39     sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java25     java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java597     org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.support.HandlerMethodInvoker.doInvokeMethodHandlerMethodInvoker.java710     org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.support.HandlerMethodInvoker.invokeHandlerMethodHandlerMethodInvoker.java167     org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.AnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter.invokeHandlerMethodAnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter.java414     org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.AnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter.handleAnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter.java402     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatchDispatcherServlet.java771     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doServiceDispatcherServlet.java716     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java647     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGetFrameworkServlet.java552     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java617     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java717     org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilterOncePerRequestFilter.java70     org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.NormalRewrittenUrl.doRewriteNormalRewrittenUrl.java195     org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RuleChain.handleRewriteRuleChain.java159     org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RuleChain.doRulesRuleChain.java141     org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriter.processRequestUrlRewriter.java90     org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilterUrlRewriteFilter.java417     org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternalCharacterEncodingFilter.java88     org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilterOncePerRequestFilter.java76 codepre  pwebmvcconfig.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans     xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance      xmlnsmvchttpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc     xmlnsphttpwww.springframework.orgschemap     xmlnscontexthttpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext     xsischemaLocation         httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans httpwww.springframework.orgschemabeansspringbeans3.0.xsd         httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc httpwww.springframework.orgschemamvcspringmvc3.0.xsd         httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontext httpwww.springframework.orgschemacontextspringcontext3.0.xsdgt      lt webmvcconfig.xml is for web configuration, and its loaded with Dispatacher Servlet gt      ltcontextcomponentscan basepackagecom.spring.sample gt      lt  It declares explicit support for annotationdriven MVC controllers i.e. RequestMapping, Controller, etc.           configures support for new Spring MVC features such as declarative validation with Valid, HTTP message conversion with RequestBodyResponseBody.           supports Spring Jackson JSON.  gt     ltmvcannotationdriven gt      lt Changes the locale when a lang request parameter is sent e.g. langar gt     ltmvcinterceptorsgt         ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.i18n.LocaleChangeInterceptor             pparamNamelang gt     ltmvcinterceptorsgt      lt uses a locale attribute in the users session  gt     ltbean idlocaleResolver         classorg.springframework.web.servlet.i18n.SessionLocaleResolver gt          lt  translates from view name to view class.               makes views avaiable to controllers, when controller return a view name, the view name is rendered. gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.BeanNameViewResolver gt           lt viewResolver for jsp gt     ltbean classorg.springframework.web.servlet.view.InternalResourceViewResolvergt         ltproperty nameprefix valueWEBINFviewsgt         ltproperty namesuffix value.jspgt     ltbeangt  ltbeansgt codepre  pbut this exception was solved after adding applicationContext.xml to DispatcherServlet in my web.xml, any ideas why p
Negative 802 pI made a LightsOut game for a java course and as a way to learn android I am trying to rebuild it as an application.p  pThe main activity consists of a grid of togglebuttons. When a button is checked it and its adjacent buttons are toggled. When all of the buttons are toggled off the game is won. I have made it work to this point but the code is horrendous.p  pI would like to clean the code up by making a twodimensional array of togglebuttons. How I have it at the moment I simply declare each button individually. This makes for large blocks of redundant code and with no easy way to scale.p  pOriginally, in java I did thisp  precode    buttons  new LightButton[xCor][xCor]      for int x  0 x lt xCor x          for int y  0 y lt xCor y              buttons[x][y]  new LightButtonthis, x, y             panel.addbuttons[x][y]               codepre  pWhere xCor was based on user input prior to construction of the gamefield. This made initializing and checking the status of the game easy by traversing the array. I simply have not found a way to do this with android.p  pSo, is there a way to make an arraylist of togglebuttons based on user inputp  pHere is the activityp  ppublic class LightsOutActivity extends Activity implements OnClickListener p  precodeprotected ToggleButton[][] buttonArray     Called when the activity is first created.  Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState      buttonArray  new ToggleButton[4][4]      for int x  0 x lt 4 x          for int y  0 y lt 4 y              buttonArray[x][y]  new ToggleButtonthis             LayoutParams params  new LinearLayout.LayoutParamsLayoutParams.FILLPARENT, LayoutParams.FILLPARENT, 1.0f             buttonArray[x][y].setLayoutParamsparams              ViewGroup findViewByIdR.layout.main.addViewbuttonArray[x][y]                      setContentViewfindViewByIdR.layout.main  codepre  pThe immediately results in a force close. The only view in R.layout.main is a linearlayout. For now Ive hard coded the array size.p
Negative 802 pIm developing a texture atlas packer to use with OpenGL, and Im currently looking for an opensource its better if its a library, but an opensource software would be good as well solution that will render the best results for color palette creation  dithering. It really doesnt need to be fast, but needs to achieve optimal results. It would be best if there is a possibility for 4bitperpixel palette generation.p
Negative 802 pOk Ive found that using Java models is a lot easier than the whole Scala Anorm stack.  I want to use Java models with Scala controllers.  Scala finds the methods Ive written in the model but not the inherited methods like findById.  Ive read some documentation that talks about QueryOn. p  pAnother that talks about.p  precodeimport play.db.jpa.asScala import models. asScala[Tree].findAll codepre  pNone of these seem to work for me.  Thanks for any help.p
Negative 802 pI have 2 .htaccess files that I need to merge together. One is generated by wordpress and the other is the existing .htaccess file for the site. The 2 files are as followsp  precodeRewriteEngine on RewriteCond HTTPHOST www.mywebsite.com RewriteRule . httpwww.mywebsite.com1 [R301]  RewriteRule postreview viewreview.php [NC,PT,L]  RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d  RewriteRule . .template2.php     ltIfModule modsecurity.cgt      Turn off modsecurity filtering.     SecFilterEngine Off       The below probably isnt needed,      but better safe than sorry.     SecFilterScanPOST Off   ltIfModulegt   phpflag session.usetranssid off  codepre  p2nd file generated by wordpressp  precodeltIfModule modrewrite.cgt RewriteEngine On RewriteBase projectcars RewriteRule index.php  [L] RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d RewriteRule . projectcarsindex.php [L] ltIfModulegt codepre  pIve tried several ways to combine them, but I either get a redirect error or a internal server error. p
Negative 802 pWe have 2 tables with identical structure and based on a variable I want to choose which table to select on with out having to write 2 queries in my procedure.p  pIs this possiblep  pI tried p  precodedeclare table int set table  1   Select orderID, Quantity  from case when table  1 then tblOrders else tblSubscriptionOrders end where filled  0 codepre  pBut that did not workp
Negative 802 pI have slow query problem, may be i am wrong, here is what i want,p  pi have to display more than 40 drop down lists at a single page with same fields , fetched by db, but i feel that the query takes much time to execute and also use more resources..p  phere is an example...p  precodesqlquery  SELECT  FROM tblname rows  mysqlquerysqlquery codepre  pnow i use while loop to print all records in that query in drop down list,p  pbut i have to reprint same record in next drop down list up to 40 lists, so i use p  pcodemysqldataseekcode to move to first record and then reprint the next list and so on till 40 lists.p  pbut this was seems slow to me so i use the second method like this same query for all 40 listsp  precodesqlquery2  SELECT  FROM tblname rows2  mysqlquerysqlquery2 codepre  pdo you think that i wrong about the speed of query, or do you suggest me the another way that is faster than these methods....p
Negative 802 pIve started building a ASP net MVC 2.0 web application using SQL Express 2008 R2. Im hosting the application on somee.com.p  pI decided to use Entity Framework 4 with a codefirst implementation of the database as to be able to easily change the design. It works fine locally, but when I deploy it on my host provider a lot of problems appear.p  pFirst of all, I cant manage to reinitialise the database if the model has changed, since the database most be created beforehand on the hosting website. Hence, I dont have the permissions to do so.p  pSo OK, I decide to fetch the .mdf file on my local server SQLEXPRESS and to send it on the host server, but then for some reason I cant connect to the database when I register a new user with Membership. The is  where the exception occursp  precode    provider.CreateUseruserName, password, email, null, null, true, null, out status codepre  pThe errorp  pCannot open database People requested by the login. The login failed. Login failed for user dalya.p  pNow, I have a feeling that by fetching the mdf file in the DATA folder of my local SQL EXPRESS server, the permissions might be different then the permissions given by my most provider when it attached the file. Still, here is my Web.config filep  precodeltxml version1.0gt  lt   For more information on how to configure your ASP.NET application, please visit   httpgo.microsoft.comfwlinkLinkId152368   gt  ltconfigurationgt    ltconnectionStringsgt     lt     ltadd namePeople connectionStringdata source.SQLEXPRESSIntegrated SecuritySSPIInitial CatalogPeople           providerNameSystem.Data.SqlClient gt gt       ltadd namePeople        connectionStringData sourcePraxtPeople.mssql.somee.com                               packet size4096                               user iddalya                               pwd                               persist security infoFalse                               initial catalogPeople                                       providerNameSystem.Data.SqlClientgt       ltconnectionStringsgt    ltappSettingsgt     ltadd keyDefaultConnectionString valuePeoplegt     ltadd keywebpagesVersion value1.0.0.0gt     ltadd keyClientValidationEnabled valuetruegt     ltadd keyUnobtrusiveJavaScriptEnabled valuetruegt   ltappSettingsgt    ltsystem.webgt     ltcompilation debugtrue targetFramework4.0gt       ltassembliesgt         ltadd assemblySystem.Web.Abstractions, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35 gt         ltadd assemblySystem.Web.Routing, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35 gt         ltadd assemblySystem.Web.Mvc, Version2.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31BF3856AD364E35 gt       ltassembliesgt     ltcompilationgt      ltauthentication modeFormsgt       ltforms loginUrlAccountLogOn timeout2880 gt     ltauthenticationgt      ltmembershipgt       ltprovidersgt         ltcleargt         ltadd nameAspNetSqlMembershipProvider typeSystem.Web.Security.SqlMembershipProvider connectionStringNamePeople              enablePasswordRetrievalfalse enablePasswordResettrue requiresQuestionAndAnswerfalse requiresUniqueEmailfalse              maxInvalidPasswordAttempts5 minRequiredPasswordLength6 minRequiredNonalphanumericCharacters0 passwordAttemptWindow10              applicationName gt       ltprovidersgt     ltmembershipgt      ltprofilegt       ltprovidersgt         ltcleargt         ltadd nameAspNetSqlProfileProvider typeSystem.Web.Profile.SqlProfileProvider connectionStringNamePeople applicationName gt       ltprovidersgt     ltprofilegt      ltroleManager enabledfalsegt       ltprovidersgt         ltcleargt         ltadd nameAspNetSqlRoleProvider typeSystem.Web.Security.SqlRoleProvider connectionStringNamePeople applicationName gt         ltadd nameAspNetWindowsTokenRoleProvider typeSystem.Web.Security.WindowsTokenRoleProvider applicationName gt       ltprovidersgt     ltroleManagergt      ltpagesgt       ltnamespacesgt         ltadd namespaceSystem.Web.Mvc gt         ltadd namespaceSystem.Web.Mvc.Ajax gt         ltadd namespaceSystem.Web.Mvc.Html gt         ltadd namespaceSystem.Web.Routing gt       ltnamespacesgt     ltpagesgt   ltsystem.webgt    ltsystem.webServergt     ltvalidation validateIntegratedModeConfigurationfalsegt     ltmodules runAllManagedModulesForAllRequeststruegt   ltsystem.webServergt    ltruntimegt     ltassemblyBinding xmlnsurnschemasmicrosoftcomasm.v1gt       ltdependentAssemblygt         ltassemblyIdentity nameSystem.Web.Mvc publicKeyToken31bf3856ad364e35 gt         ltbindingRedirect oldVersion1.0.0.0 newVersion2.0.0.0 gt       ltdependentAssemblygt     ltassemblyBindinggt   ltruntimegt ltconfigurationgt codepre  pCould anyone give me an idea on how to resolve this Or does anyone know a good host provider that permits codefirst entity framework 4.0 implementation, where databases using Membership can be recreated in runtime without hassle if the design changesp  pThank you for any help,p
Negative 802 pIve made a Java program in Eclipse. I started on Windows XP, but have recently upgraded.p  pAs part of its saving mechanism, the program writes the settings to a file codesettingsnew.savcode. If that goes ok, it deletes the codesettings.savcode, and renames the new one to match the old name. While it worked under winXP at least I thought it did, but I cant check now, under win7, it fails to delete the file, even though it was the program that created it although, a different instance of the program.p  pThe file is picked up by Eclipse and can be deleted from there quite happily. I can delete it manually. I am the admin on my own computer. The folder is just inside the workspace folder, and is not in Program Files though, I have no idea if eventual users will install it there. The program can create and modify files just fine. Its not throwing any Exception, which I thought it would if it was win7 blocking it.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pIm sending an email using an ActionMailer class in Rails 2.3.8.  I need to add a codeMETAcode tag to the codeHEADcode of the email.  Specifically, I want to add this ultimately for handling special CSS3 on mobile devicesp  precodeltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth gt codepre  pI cant find a way to add this to the codeHEADcode section of the email.  Do I need to create a custom email layout that I use  If so, how do I do that  It seems like there should be an easier way than creating a custom layout.p
Negative 802 pIm looking to create a similar effect to the one used in the header bar for this pagep  pa hrefhttpwww.sjlwebdesign.co.ukportfolio relnofollowhttpwww.sjlwebdesign.co.ukportfolioap  pAny ideas on a plugin or method that would achieve this effect easilyp  pstrongEditstrong When i say similar, I would like to have an area in the center of a header panel that actually magnifys the image as it slides into the center. Unlike the above example which simply cuts it.p  pThanks,br Jaip
Negative 802 pi have an array and have to sort them using insertion sort. i tried to use the compareTo method to run through the array and see whats bigger. I ran into a problem because i was trying to reference an array index with a string which obviously didntwork thats at compareToa[key].p  pany suggestions or hints as to how to do this would be appreciated.p  pthis is what i have so far. is it a good start or a start in the right directionp  precode public void insertionSort                insertionSorta.length1              private void insertionSortint n              String temp          ifn lt 1                  Do nothing, easiest case                   else                  forint i  1 i lt a.length i                  int j         String key  a[i]              whilej gt 0 ampamp a[i].compareToa[key] gt 0                          a[i1]  a[i]             j                          a[i1]  key                      insertionSortn1                 codepre
Negative 802 pWhen starting the application, the application consumes slowly more and more memory. I am trying to figure out why this is happening and havent been very successful yet.p  pOur WPF client gets the data pushed in from the server. The backend is in C and the data gets pushed into our C model and wired down through the ViewModels up to the DataGrid.  p  pAfter a while of inactivity though, I can see that the heap memory and the Large Heap Size keep increasing for no reason. Well the data is pushed in, so maybe this is the reason but after 2 hours and 15 min the unnecessarily increased memory is freed up again, just to go slowly up again.p  pOn the right side of the graph after over 24 hours, I have loaded even more tabs and more data, hence the massive increase but from then on there is no freeing up of memory anymore. p  pThe Graph is showing that codeSystem.Windows.EffectiveValueEntry[]code is taking the most memory.  From my understanding this class is related to the WPF dependency objects. But I have no idea what could be causing this.  I am not expecting the memory to go down, as I am not closing anything. But why is it going up like this p  pWhat could be the causep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhSeur.png altenter image description herep  pMany Thanks,p
Negative 802 pI have the following codep  precode.ajax                  type POST,                 url webMethod,                 data .toJSONparams,                  dataType json,                  contentType applicationjson,                 success function obj                       if obj  1                          window.location  PostpaidDashboard                          .mobile.changePagedashboard, slide, false, true                                          else if obj  0                          window.location  PrepaidDashboard                                          else if obj  1                          window.location  HomeIndexlogin1                                          else                          .mobile.changePagelogin2, slide, false, true                          txtMSISDN2.valobj.Pin.MSISDN                         txtPin.valobj.Pin.PIN                         txtMSISDN2.attrreadonly, readonly                                      ,                 error function                       alerterror returned.                               codepre  pFrom the method I return a flag integer. I want to redirect the user to the appropriate webpage according to the return int. However, this code doesnt work. Any suggestionsp  pDo i use window.location incorrectly here Thank you very muchp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pHere i have some code which is my slideshow and what i am wondering is whether you can randomize the images so it doesnt start on the same image when you refresh the page. p  pPlease provide me with useful info and if you wish to show me feel free.p  pTHNAKS GUYS p  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtJQuery Cycle Plugin Samplelttitlegt ltlink relstylesheet typetextcss mediascreen href..screen.css gt ltscript typetextjavascript src..js2jquery1.3.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascript src..js2jquery.cycle.all.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.readyfunction         myslides.cycle             fx fade,             speed 2000,             timeout 2000                ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idmyslidesgt      ltimg src..imagescapitol.jpg gt     ltimg src..imagesflowers.jpg gt     ltimg src..imagescountryscene.jpg gt     ltimg src..imagesheartkush.jpggt ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to write a PyQt application that renders HTML, waits, and finishes. Ive got the rendering mostly down but stripped out here for simplicitys sake. The code here runs and hangs, it seems as if the codeself.exitcode call or codeself.quitcode is not being honored. Having no prior experience with Qt, I feel as if Im missing something obvious. Can someone shed some light on thisp  pIve also tried putting the exit calls at the end of the render function.p  precodefrom PyQt4.Qt import QApplication from PyQt4.QtWebKit import QWebView import sys  class ScreenshotterApplicationQApplication      def initself, args, html         QApplication.initself, args          self.browser  QWebView         self.renderhtml         self.exit      def renderself, html         print html  if name  main     app  ScreenshotterApplicationsys.argv, lth1gtHello, Worldlth1gt     sys.exitapp.exec codepre
Negative 802 pI have class codeBookscode and method codeselectcode in it. Also there is an instance of that class called codebookcode. I want to be able to do both codeBooks.selectwhere...code and codebook.selectwhere...codep  precodeclass Books     def selectobj, where         printobj, where  book  Books Books.selectwhereasdf book.selectwhereasdf codepre  pThe above obviously doesnt work, because codeselectcode is an instance bound methodp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File test.py, line 7, in ltmodulegt     Books.selectwhereasdf TypeError select takes exactly 2 arguments 1 given codepre  pA working codep  precodeclass Books     staticmethod     def selectobj, where         printobj, where  book  Books Books.selectBooks, whereasdf Books.selectbook, whereasdf codepre  pAnd i getp  precodevicwicprojectssnippets python3 test.py  ltclass main.Booksgt asdf ltmain.Books object at 0x17fd6d0gt asdf codepre  pBut i have to manually pass the class or its instance as the first argument to the codeselectcode method  not what i want.p  pIf i make codeselectcode a class methodp  precodeclass Books     classmethod     def selectobj, where         printobj, where  book  Books Books.selectwhereasdf book.selectwhereasdf codepre  pI always get a class as the first argumentp  precodevicwicprojectssnippets python3 test.py  ltclass main.Booksgt asdf ltclass main.Booksgt asdf codepre  pBut i want to get an instance in the second case.p  pSo, is there a way to accomplish what i want without manually passing the classinstance as the first argument to a static methodp
Negative 802 pI have a list of todos and I have tag property associated with them. On the views, I have a Sort By Tag button. When I press that button, I want the collection to be sorted by tag. Nothing is happening now. Below is the code. Whats wrong p  precode In todos.js I have  Todos.SortingView  SC.TemplateView.extend   sortBinding Todos.todoListController.sortTodos    and in todoListController, I have     sortTodos function     Todos.store.findTodos.Todo.sortPropertytag      and in the handlebars view I have view Todos.SortingView idstats   view SC.Button classBindingisActive targetTodos.todoListController actionsortTodos     Sort By Tag   view view  collection SC.TemplateCollectionView contentBindingTodos.todoListController itemClassBindingcontent.isDone   view Todos.MarkDoneView  Tag  content.tag collection codepre
Negative 802 pHow do you define a default html in silverlightp  pIn the Microsoft Development Environment, Microsoft Visual Studio, when I build a silverlight project, the code autogenerates an HTML file in the Release directory and in the Debug directoryp  pYet, I have seen some projects that have a Default.html file among the project files. And when I run the program in debug mode, the default.html comes up.p  pHow is this done Where is the settings which tell Visual Studio which html to use when running or debugging. In another project, when I create a project from scratch, the program runs a generated html in the debug or release directory.p  pHow do I include my own html in a silverlight projectp
Negative 802 pI want to use the results array after performing the block, my question is, should the results array instance be retained because it was originated from a block    p  precodeblock NSError error  nil     block NSArray results  [moc performBlockAndWaitvoid              results  [moc executeFetchRequestfetchRequest erroramperror]      [results retain] ] ifresults    Do somehting  codepre
Negative 802 pI was told to work on the google api.  its pretty much the same as FB but I am having a slight trouble with redirecturlp  pThis is the url which my app is using to get a access tokenp  precodehttpsaccounts.google.comooauth2authclientid3uiqulutgsobu5df302tup49v6e6ae5qu.apps.googleusercontent.comampredirecturihttplocalhostDefault1.aspxampscopehttpswww.google.comm8feedsampresponsetypetoken codepre  pWhen I registered the app I set the redirecturl to p  precodehttplocalhostDefault1.aspx codepre  pIn my project there is a page called Default.aspx. The name of the solution is Googleprofiles. p  pIt gives me an error  The resource cannot be found.p  pDescription HTTP 404. The resource you are looking for or one of its dependencies could p  precodehave been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  Please review the following URL and make sure that it is spelled correctly.   Requested URL Default1.aspx codepre  pLooks very simple. But I am unable to fix it..  Need some expert helpp  pThanks Sunp
Negative 802 pIm creating an app to show a book by using codeUIPageViewControllercode to have the default page turn animation which is very nice Im maintaining all the data related to each page in form of core data. In my codeMyModelController.mcode file, under init method, Im fetching all the data and initializing codepageDatacode array. But the book that Im going to show is huge one. So, is there any way to do something like codedequeueReusableCellWithIdentifiercode so that only required pages will be loaded into memoryp  pPlease correct me if my expectation is wrong.p
Negative 802 pI have the following code block p  precodeusing System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations public class NewsItem                      [RegularExpressionSystem.Configuration.ConfigurationSettings.AppSettings[UrlRegEx], ErrorMessage  Invalid link]         public string Url  get set   codepre  pThis returns the error An attribute argument must be a constant expression, typeof expression or array creation expression of an attribute parameter type. p  pstrongHow can I give the value in the first parameter of a RegularExpression attribute.strong I want to give the values from Web.Config variables. I am using this code in the Model class of EF.p
Negative 802 pI have created a custom designer codePannelloSfondoDesignercode for my custom control, a background panel codePannelloSfondocode. p  precodeltDesignerGetTypePannelloSfondo.PannelloSfondoDesignergt Public Class PannelloSfondo     Inherits UserControl      Friend Class PannelloSfondoDesigner         Inherits ParentControlDesigner          Public Overrides Sub InitializeByVal component As IComponent             MyBase.Initializecomponent              verbDock  New DesignerVerbDock to parent container, New EventHandlerAddressOf Me.OnDock             verbUndock  New DesignerVerbUndock from parent container, New EventHandlerAddressOf Me.OnUndock             verbs  New DesignerVerbCollection              If Me.Control.Dock  DockStyle.Fill Then                 verbs.AddverbUndock             Else                 verbs.AddverbDock             End If         End Sub          Public Overrides ReadOnly Property Verbs As DesignerVerbCollection             Get                 Return verbs             End Get         End Property          Private Sub OnDockByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As EventArgs             Dim verbo As DesignerVerb  DirectCastsender, DesignerVerb             verbs.Clear             verbs.AddverbDock             Me.Control.Dock  DockStyle.Fill         End Sub          Private Sub OnUndockByVal sender As Object, ByVal e As EventArgs             verbs.Clear             verbs.AddverbUndock             Me.Control.Dock  DockStyle.None         End Sub          Public Overrides Function CanBeParentedToByVal parentDesigner As IDesigner As Boolean             Return True         End Function          Private verbs As DesignerVerbCollection  Nothing         Private verbDock As DesignerVerb         Private verbUndock As DesignerVerb     End Class  End Class codepre  pIt works, I click the little arrow, the context menu appearsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com09Jdi.png altcontrols context menup  pI click the menu item, the event is fired, the control is dockedp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtbNds.png altmenu clickedp  pbut the menu description is not updated or refreshed it should show Undock from parent container. Then if I click outside the control to deselect it and then I click back on the arrow to show the menu, the right menu item is displayedp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comRxxq9.png altright menu text displayedp  pHow do I refresh the menu items Thanks.p
Negative 802 pI have a hrefhttpwww.javascriptlint.comJavascript Linta set up to carry out syntax checking in vim, and when I have a statement such asp  precodeif i gt 0  i  codepre  pIt generates the following warningp  precodetest.js160 warning empty statement or extra semicolon codepre  pI thought that it is best to always end statements with semicolons see a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6673208whysomanysemicolonsinjavascriptherea. Its not issuing an error, but why the warning How can I change this. I dont countless warnings when I am looking for legitimate warnings.p
Negative 802 pId want to make a program that could save diferent values and store it in a file and, then that the user can open this file every time he wants to. Need some help Thanksp
Negative 802 pI want to periodically updated a ListView in a ListActivity. I know I can do this easily with an AsyncTask subclass, but out of interest I thought Id look at using a ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor and the android.app.Activity.runOnUiThreadRunnable action method.p  pI release I may be having a senior moment, but problem is I can only seem to get it to work by nesting runnable, as both ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor.scheduleAtFixedRate and runOnUiThread require a Runnable as a parameter.p  pHere is my working codep  precodeprivate void setUpPageUpdater      listUpdaterExecuter  new ScheduledThreadPoolExecutorNUMLISTUPDATERTHREADS     listUpdaterExecuter.scheduleAtFixedRatenew PageUpdater1, 5, 5, TimeUnit.SECONDS   class PageUpdater1 implements Runnable      Override     public void run              runOnUiThreadnew PageUpdater2        class PageUpdater2 implements Runnable      Override     public void run              updateList            private synchronized void updateList      pages.clear     pages.addAllRetrievedPageProvider.getInstance.getPages     sortList     adapter.notifyDataSetChanged  codepre  pIs there a nicer way to code thisp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI was using Xcode 4.1 and after upgrading to 4.2, things started to become out of date.  I am using many examples from different books, such as Big Nerd Ranch Guides, which do not use Storyboards and the WindowsBased Application had been changed to Empty Application.p  pWith these new changes, I feel like the books and tutorials I had been using to start have become outdated.  In many of these examples, they say to write the methods and variables in the delegate header files for 4.1.  With the new 4.2 Xcode, there is an AppDelegate and ViewController.  Should I still be writing the methods and class members in the AppDelegate, or should I be now writing them in the Controller filep  pI am confused.  Does Apple now want us to create our controller and reference it through the delegatep
Negative 802 pIm currently building quite a large iPhone application. Bigger than I expected anyway. But that is beside the point, the overall idea of the application is to grab JSON from a web service, sort it all into custom NSObjects that are linked together and then present.p  pThis goes all well and good. But, because I want the user to be able to see this information on the device without an internet connection, I need to save the information that I am presenting into the Documents folder that each Application has.p  pI basically implemented the NSCoding protocol into all the custom NSObjects that would need it in order to save it into a subdirectory of the Documents directory.p  pThis is all achieved through this function here.p  precode voidapplicationDidEnterBackgroundUIApplication application        NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES       NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]  Get documents folder      NSString dataPath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentData]      NSString dataFileString  [dataPath stringByAppendingPathComponentCompany.archive]       if [[NSFileManager defaultManager] fileExistsAtPathdataFileString] Does directory already exist                  MACompany company  [MACompany sharedMACompany]            NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES            NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]  Get documents folder           NSString dataPath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentData]            NSError error           if [[NSFileManager defaultManager] fileExistsAtPathdataPath]  Does directory already exist                           if [[NSFileManager defaultManager] createDirectoryAtPathdataPath                                        withIntermediateDirectoriesNO                                                         attributesnil                                                              erroramperror]                              NSLogCreate directory error , error                                         NSString dataFileString  [dataPath stringByAppendingPathComponentCompany.archive]             NSMutableData data  [[NSMutableData alloc] init]            NSKeyedArchiver archiver  [[NSKeyedArchiver alloc] initForWritingWithMutableDatadata]                      [archiver encodeObjectcompany forKeyMACompany]            [archiver finishEncoding]             [[NSFileManager defaultManager] createFileAtPathdataFileString                                             contentsdata                                           attributesnil]             [archiver release]            [data release]        else         NSLogFile already exists, no need to recreate, not yet anyway          codepre  pI do the following request when the user first loads the application codeapplication didFinishLaunchingWithOptionscode and when the user opens the application after being in the background codeapplicationWillEnterForegroundcode.p  precode NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES  NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]  Get documents folder NSString dataPath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentData] NSString dataFileString  [dataPath stringByAppendingPathComponentCompany.archive]  if [[NSFileManager defaultManager] fileExistsAtPathdataFileString]  Does directory already exist      NSLogCreate a new Company Request      MAWebRequests companyReq  [[MAWebRequests alloc] init]     [companyReq getCompanyDetails]     [companyReq release]   else       NSLogSaved Company Needs to be Decoded applicationWillEnterForeground      MACompany company  [MACompany sharedMACompany]      NSArray paths  NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomainsNSDocumentDirectory, NSUserDomainMask, YES      NSString documentsDirectory  [paths objectAtIndex0]  Get documents folder     NSString dataPath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentData]      NSString dataFileString  [dataPath stringByAppendingPathComponentCompany.archive]      NSData data  [[NSData alloc] initWithContentsOfFiledataFileString]     NSKeyedUnarchiver unarchiver  [[NSKeyedUnarchiver alloc] initForReadingWithDatadata]     [data release]      company  [unarchiver decodeObjectForKeyMACompany]     [unarchiver finishDecoding]     [unarchiver release]            codepre  pNow this works all well and good and I can pull from this file also. But, I can only grab the data stored in this file when I have Xcodes debugger attached to the application. As soon as is stopped, the data is corrupted and doesnt include the original data.p  pThe data is still stored there, I can see the created file, but the actual data itself that is stored within the file is wrong...p  pShould I not be using the above logic to save the data to the file and then pull recreate the shared object Has anyone else tried to do such a thing and had success Is there any reason as to why Im running into this weird issue Has anyone else had this issuep  pAny help would be greatly appreciated, have been trying all sorts of different methods to get it to work and nothing has been able to get there. All I need to be able to do is be able to store the data there permanently until I need to update it...p
Negative 802 pI am doing an assignment for school where we are to make two php files. First file invokes session, generates a random 5 char string, and saves the string to the session array. The second script generates an image, and takes the string from the first file and incorporates it over the image to make a captcha.p  pI am having an issue passing the value to the second script. The session variable captchastring is fully visible in the first script, but is not passed to the second page. I am brand new at this, and frustrated. My understanding is, that as long as I start session, the entire SESSION array should be available. When I run the first script, I get a broken image tag, not the captcha i am hoping for. Hope this clears up my problem.p  pThis is what I have done for the first filep  precode    ltphp    sessionstart    possiblechars  arraymergerangeA,Z,range0,9    shufflepossiblechars     string  substrimplodepossiblechars,0,5    SESSION[captchastring]string  gt  ltimg srccaptchagenerator.php altWeinerdog gt codepre  pand this is the bit from the second file where I try to grab the string captchastring, which is named captchagenerator.phpp  precodeltphp sessionstart  putenvGDFONTPATH . realpath.  headerContenttype imagepng  import string for the captcha from SESSION string  SESSION[captchastring]   Build an image resource using an existing image as a starting point. backgroundimage  captchawiener.jpg  imimagecreatefromjpegbackgroundimage  colour  imagecolorallocateim, rand0,255, rand0,255, rand0,255   Output the string of characters using a true type font.   Above we set the font path to the current directory, this  means that arial.ttf font file must be in this directory. font  arial.ttf  angle  rand5,5  imagettftextim, 120, angle, 50, 250, colour, font, string   Draw some annoying lines across the image.  imagesetthicknessim, 10  for i  0 i lt3 i       imagelineim, rand100,50, rand150,200, rand450,550, rand200,250, colour     Output the image as a PNG and the free the used memory.  imagejpegim  imagedestroyim   gt codepre  pThis is, of course, strictly an exercise to make sure we can pass values using session. There is no problem with the rest of the code making the captcha, it has been tested and works.p
Negative 802 pI am pretty new to ASP.NET. I need to create a showhide panel in ASP.NET that holds only text. The panel needs to have sliding effect. I can do with with postback. Is there any builtin control that can do this without postback.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtIrb0.png altenter image description herep  pAlso, the text Show should change to Hide without postback.p  pEDIT Forgot to mention that I have several such panels in my application.p
Negative 802 pI am writing a module that provides one function and needs an initialization step, however due to certain restrictions I need to initialize on first call, so I am looking for the proper idiom in python that would allow me to get rid of the conditional.p  precodewith conditional module.py initialized  False def functionargs    if not initialized initialize    dothethingargs codepre  pId like to get rid of that conditional with something like thisit does not work  p  precodewith no conditional module.py def functionargs    initialize    dothethingargs    function  dothething codepre  pI realize that I cannot just use names in the module and change them at runtime because modules using codefrom module import functioncode will never be affected with a codefunctionotherfuncode inside the module.br So, is there any pythonic idiom that could do this the right wayp
Negative 802 pIm looking for a solution to display the distribution of request times in our system.p  pI would like to plot a histogram, and save it in a log file. p  pIs there a plotting library in java that can output into ASCII  asciiart p
Negative 802 pI like to scrap all data from a hrefhttpwww.racingpost.comhorsesseasonalstatshome.sdseasonStatsTabsjockeyseasonalstats relnofollowthis site a. Unfortunately there is a DOM. I open the site by webbrowser. I tried to click page 2 on the site and then read websource but it didnt help. p  precodeHtmlDocument doc  webBrowser1.Document doc.All[seasonalStatsTrainersPagerlink12].InvokeMemberClick codepre  pI still see websource of page1. Is there anyway to get websource of page 2p
Negative 802 pI am working on a project where I need to read a bunch of floating point integers from a file and sort them into subsets. The subsets need to be sorted by their distance apart. I need to first pull the first element out of the file and use that as the distance comparison d. Then take the next element a and put it into a separate list to be compared, then read the third element b and compare it with a. b needs to be at least d apart from a, if so it would be put into the subset with a. Then b would equal a and you would move on down till the end and make those a set, then you would start over and do it again until there are no more elements. p  pI am trying to do this by using array lists, all I have so far is reading the file and putting it into an array list then sorting it. I need some help with pulling the first element out and then making the comparisons.p  precodeimport java.io.File import java.io.FileNotFoundException import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.Scanner import java.util.Collections  public class FloatFromFile  public static void mainString[] args      Scanner file  null     ArrayListltFloatgt list  new ArrayListltFloatgt      try              file  new Scannernew Filetest.txt          catch FileNotFoundException e              e.printStackTrace           whilefile.hasNext              if file.hasNextFloat list.addfile.nextFloat         else file.next            display unsorted list     System.err.printOrigional List isn     for Float i list System.out.printlni      Collections.sortlist       display sorted list     System.err.printSorted List isn     for Float i list System.out.printlni              ArrayListltFloatgt sorted  new ArrayListltFloatgt     while file.hasNext              Float val  file.nextFloat         int i  sorted.size         float temp  sorted.geti1         while i gt 0 ampamp temp gt val                      i             temp  sorted.geti1                  sorted.inserti, val          for Float i sorted System.out.printlni        codepre  pI added in the new method, but I am still having problems getting it to work I am getting the errorsp  pFloatFromFile.java50 error cannot find symbol sorted.inserti,val        symbol method insertint,Float location variable sorted of type ArrayList 1 error p
Negative 802 pI have a disabled button I want to click with Javascript. The following function works in Chrome but not in Firefox.br The problem with Firefox Firefox javascript is too slow.br The button is still disabled if the code wants to click it. How to click the button when it is enabledp  precodefunction enableandclick      document.getElementByIdbutton1.disabledfalse     document.getElementByIdbutton1.click  codepre
Negative 802 pWhen I send credentials using the login method of the python SMTP library, do they go off the wire encrypted or as plaintextp
Negative 802 pIs there a way to track when a PDF is opened Perhaps by embedding some script into the pdf itselfp  pI saw the question below, and I suppose the answer is no for javascript, but I am wondering if this is possible at all. p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6090836googleanalyticstrackingcodeinsertinpdffileGoogle analytics tracking code insert in pdf fileap
Negative 802 pI have two problem, p  ol lipThis nestedSortable is not working in this code, wheres the problem  pli lipI want to block a user to drag an subelement to the top level base, i know the library does not allow it, is there a tweak  pli ol  pHere is all my code  p  precode lthtmlgt      ltheadgt         ltstylegt             html              backgroundcolor eee                           body              color 333             backgroundcolor fff             fontsize 13px             fontfamily Helvetica Neue, Corbel, Nimbus Sans L, Helvetica, Arial, sansserif             padding 2em 4em             width 860px             margin 0 auto                           pre, code              fontsize 12px                           pre              width 100             overflow auto                           small              fontsize 90                           small code              fontsize 11px                           .placeholder              backgroundcolor cfcfcf                           .uinestedSortableerror              backgroundfbe3e4             color8a1f11                           ul             margin 0             padding 0             paddingleft 30px                           ul.sortable, ul.sortable ul             margin 0 0 0 25px             padding 0             liststyletype none                           ul.sortable              margin 4em 0                           .sortable li              margin 7px 0 0 0             padding 0                           .sortable li div              border 1px solid black             padding 3px             margin 0             cursor move                           h1              fontsize 2em             marginbottom 0                             h2               fontsize 1.2em              fontweight normal              fontstyle italic              margintop .2em              marginbottom 1.5em                             h3               fontsize 1em              margin 1em 0 .3em                             p, ol, ul, pre, form               margintop 0              marginbottom 1em                             dl               margin 0                             dd               margin 0              padding 0 0 0 1.5em                             code               background e5e5e5                             input               verticalalign textbottom                             .notice               color c33                         ltstylegt         ltscript  srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.6.4jquery.min.js typetextjavascriptgt         ltscript  srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjqueryui1.8jqueryui.js typetextjavascriptgt         ltscript  srchttpmjsarfatti.comsandboxnestedSortablejquery.ui.nestedSortable.js typetextjavascriptgt         ltscript typetextjavascriptgt                  document.readyfunction                       ul.sortable.nestedSortable                                       disableNesting nonest,                                forcePlaceholderSize true,                                 handle div,                                 helper    clone,                                items li,                                 maxLevels 3,                                 opacity .6,                                 placeholder placeholder,                                 revert 250,                                 tabSize 25,                                 tolerance pointer,                                 toleranceElement gt div                                  ltscriptgt     ltheadgt     ltbodygt          ltul classsortablegt                       ltli idlist1gtltdivgtItem 1ltdivgt ltligt              ltli idlist2gtltdivgtItem 2ltdivgt ltligt                     ltulgt                        ltli idlist3gtltdivgtSub Item 2.1ltdivgt ltligt                         ltli idlist4gtltdivgtSub Item 2.2ltdivgt ltligt                        ltli idlist5gtltdivgtSub Item 2.3ltdivgt ltligt                         ltli idlist6gtltdivgtSub Item 2.4ltdivgt ltligt                     ltulgt                 ltli idlist7 classnonestgtltdivgtItem 3 nonestingltdivgt ltligt                 ltli idlist8 classnonestgtltdivgtItem 4 nonestingltdivgt ltligt                 ltli idlist9gtltdivgtItem 5ltdivgt ltligt                 ltli idlist10gtltdivgtItem 6ltdivgt ltligt                     ltulgt                         ltli idlist11gtltdivgtSub Item 6.1ltdivgt ltligt                         ltli idlist12 classnonestgtltdivgtSub Item 6.2 nonestingltdivgt ltligt                         ltli idlist13gtltdivgtSub Item 6.3ltdivgt ltligt                        ltli idlist14gtltdivgtSub Item 6.4ltdivgt ltligt                     ltulgt        ltli idlist15gtltdivgtItem 7ltdivgt ltligt                 ltli idlist16gtltdivgtItem 8ltdivgt ltligt             ltulgt     ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pThanks  p  pEDIT  here is a working exemple a hrefhttpmjsarfatti.comsandboxnestedSortable relnofollowhttpmjsarfatti.comsandboxnestedSortablea If I can only get this work, maybe I could look more for my second pointp  pEDIT 2  IVe changed the library as one of the answer told me, but firefox is hanging and theres un unresponsive scriptp  pHere is the fiddle  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netdAwEe2 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netdAwEe2ap  pEDIT 3  Someone have an idea p  pEDIT 4  a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netdAwEe3 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netdAwEe3a Ive fixed my problem one  The nested sortable js was not well include S p  pNow someone have an idea for the problem two  p
Negative 802 pIve copied an XML file from codeassetscode to my applications data folder codedatadatapackage.namefilescode. Im doing this because the user will be able to modify a lot of data, and I want to save that data to the internal memory and then load it again when they restart the app. This all works well, using Root Browser I can see the XML file is properly copied to the data directory.p  pNow I need to inflate this XML file using a codeLayoutInflatercode. How would I access this file With an codeXmlResourceParsercode or codeXmlPullParsercodep
Negative 802 pIn the event viewer in windows 2008, the events XML are showing this p  precodeltTimeCreated SystemTime20111121T194245.000Z gt codepre  pThe time currently is 20111121 144245. I understand that the system time value is the GMT time.p  pstrongThe question isstrong how can I change the format of the system time value in the events XML to be something similar to this strong20111121 144245strongp
Negative 802 pI am using silverlight 4 with smf and I want to create a play , pause toggle button. So if the media is playing and if the button is clicked it will pause the video. But if the media is paused, it will restart playing video.  How can I do that p  precode private void btnPlayMouseLeftButtonUpobject sender, System.Windows.Input.MouseButtonEventArgs e                      codepre
Negative 802 pI know i can test a string whether it is empty with codezcode and test a string whether it is non empty with codencode. So I write a script in ubuntu 10.10 p  precodebinbash A test z A ampamp echo A is empty test n A ampamp echo A is non empty test A ampamp echo A is non empty   str test z str ampamp echo str is empty test n str ampamp echo str is non empty test str ampamp echo str is non empty  codepre  pTo my surprise, it output  p  precodeA is empty A is non empty str is empty str is non empty codepre  pwhich I thing it should be p  precodeA is empty str is empty codepre  pCould any Linux expert explain why  p  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pI have learned a lot about EJB3.1 lately, but apparently not enough. Heres my tale of woe...p  pI have a war with servlet to which batch files can be uploaded. The servlet validates the file, stores the file data in a database and sends a message to queue that a new batch has been received. This all works fine.p  pI have an ear with an ejbjar deployed which has an MDB that listens for the new batch received messages.  p  pIt also has a stateful EJB using the nointerface view that does the actual batch processing. The EJB has references to stateless JPA entity service beans and therefore needs to be container managed to get container injected EntityManagers.p  pI need to create an instance of the stateful processor bean whenever a message is received by the MDB. I havent been able to find any examplestutorials which cover this scenario.p  pI have tried injecting the stateful bean into the MDB, but it doesnt workp  precode[20111124T132545.4700700SEVEREglassfish3.1.1javax.enterprise.system.container.ejb.mdb.com.sun.ejb.containersThreadID21ThreadNameThread2MDB00050 Messagedriven bean [MyProcessorear1.0MyMDB] Exception in creating messagedriven ejb  [com.sun.enterprise.container.common.spi.util.InjectionException Exception attempting to inject Remote ejbref namemy.package.MyMDBmyEJB,Remote 3.x interface my.package.MyEJB,ejblinknull,lookup,mappedName,jndinamemy.package.MyEJB,refTypeSession into class my.package.MyMDB Lookup failed for javacompenvmy.package.MyMDBmyEJB in SerialContext[myEnvjava.naming.factory.initialcom.sun.enterprise.naming.impl.SerialInitContextFactory, java.naming.factory.statecom.sun.corba.ee.impl.presentation.rmi.JNDIStateFactoryImpl, java.naming.factory.url.pkgscom.sun.enterprise.naming]] codepre  pApparently this a bad design approach anyway because MDBs are inherently stateless so stateful EJBs shouldnt be injected.  This makes sense.p  pMy question is how else can I instantiate my stateful EJB when the MDB receives a message and ensure that the EJB is container managedp
Negative 802 pWithout looking through every single source file in my XCode project, is there a way to find out which include is triggering the following warningp  precodewarning This file includes at least one deprecated or antiquated header.  Please consider using one of the 32 headers found in section 17.4.1.2 of the  C standard. Examples include substituting the ltXgt header for the ltX.hgt  header for C includes, or ltiostreamgt instead of the deprecated header  ltiostream.hgt. To disable this warning use Wnodeprecated. codepre  pClicking on the error in XCode just opens the backwardwarning.h file, which is totally useless.p  pI know what the warning means, I know how to fix it when I see the file in question and can look at its includes... but I just dont know how to find the file causing the errorp
Negative 802 pHow can I call the function inside the plugin itself correctly For instance, it works ok if I call the function like this,p  precodeinittinymce codepre  pBut I will get an error that says code.fn.gettinyMCE.inittinymce is not a functioncode if I call the function like this,p  precode.fn.gettinymce.inittinymce codepre  pBelow are the simplified code,p  precodefunction     .fn.extend                 gettinymce function               var cm  this.readyfunctione                 if tinyMCE.activeEditor  null  tinyMCE.activeEditor  undefined                      console.logtinyMCE.activeEditor                     for var i  0 i lt tinyMCE.editors.length i                          tinyMCE.removetinyMCE.editors[i]                                           setTimeoutfunction                           loadmcebasic                     , 1000                                   else                      .fn.gettinymce.inittinymce                     inittinymce                                                                function inittinymce                  alert2                           .fn.gettinymce.inittinymce  function                  alert1                            jQuery codepre
Negative 802 pIf I have a codeclass Foocode and a method with the prototype codevoid barFoo foocode. Is it okay to do codebarampFoocodep  pI know it compiles and works, but since Im relatively new to C, I was wondering whether the instance created will be correctly destructed after usage, or if I have to worry about anything else when doing that.p
Negative 802 precodepublic void openDocumentWithInstalledAppString filename  String mimetype   url  url filename if url.startsWithhttp ampamp url.startsWithhttps  url  http  url  Intent browserIntent  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW, Uri.parseurl startActivitybrowserIntent  what should I do  mimetype  applicationpdf File file  new FilemntsdcardDownload  filename Intent intent1  new IntentIntent.ACTIONVIEW intent1.setDataAndTypeUri.fromFilefile, mimetype intent1.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP startActivityintent1  codepre  pFirst, I try to download a pdf from url. Second, I try to read the pdf above download. But it may not download finish. If I want to wait the pdf download finish. What should I dop
Negative 802 pAt various times I find myself with an array of hashes in my ruby script, and I want to write them out to a csv file.  I know I can use FasterCSV for this.p  pMy question is, what if I want to specify certain fields  How can I do this without having to do the hash filtering myself Ideally I could specify the field list to FasterCSV, then append the hashes.  FasterCSV would then take care of filtering the values to the keys that match the specified fields and do the rest.p  pPython has a lib called DictWriter which can do this.p
Negative 802 pHi Im trying to get a a hrefhttpthejit.orgdemos relnofollowJavaScript InfoVis SpaceTreea example to run on a WPF frame control.p  pTo render the spacetree there are three required filesp  ol liexcanvis.jsli lijit.jsli liexample1.jsli ol  pI have been able to get this to work on a WPF Frame control and WebBrowser control by creating a htm page and copying the contents of the three files directly into script tags in the html.p  pThis results in a very large html file so I would like to reduce the size of the HTML file by referencing each of the three JavaScript files using the src attribure of the HTML script tag e.g. codeltScript srcexcanvis.jsgtltScript srcjit.jsgtltScript srcexample1.jsgtcode. p  pUnfortunately, when I attempt to do this I get javascript errors. It seems that the WPF frame control cannot find the javascript content.p  pIf anyone has any thoughts or ideas on a solution I would appreciate it a lot.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pI have built a custom tab for a page. This tab have a specific URL a hrefhttpwww.facebook.comMYPAGEskappID relnofollowhttpwww.facebook.comMYPAGEskappIDa p  pWhen I create a QR code for this URL and use my mobile, Im not redirected to my specific URL but to a hrefhttpm.facebook.comMYPAGErefsrchttpwww.facebook.comMYPAGEamprds relnofollowhttpm.facebook.comMYPAGErefsrchttpwww.facebook.comMYPAGEamprdsap  pAny idea about what is wrong with this approach p
Negative 802 pI intent to write simple programs in codecccode that would be run in console. I will be writing code in Notepad so I do not need an IDE. What I need is a compiler that will produce a standalone EXE file that would run on any code2000XPVista7code system without need for installing codeVC9cygwinMinGW.Netcode or other additional libraries.p  pAs far as I understand codeGCCcode runs on windows through codecygwincode, so any app produced by it also needs codecygwin1.dllcode in its presence to run, right p
Negative 802 pI have an Android project in Eclipse which Ive used git for revision control. The project is built around an sqlite database and Ive named the project emcom.lsp.rengineem. p  pI now want to create a second application using a different set of data. I can basically copy the new database over the top of the existing one in assets and things work fine.  I will need to change some icons and layouts however, so thought a simple codegit branchcode would get me on my merry way.p  pThere are a few show stoppers which are stumping me. For one, I cant install both applications on the same device as they currently share the same emcom.lsp.rengineem name. If I refactor the project name to emcom.lsp.pengineem, my upstream branch thinks all the shared code has disappeared.  p  pHow can I manage Eclipse, the two branches in git, and still have shared codebase update master codebase, changes are reflected in both branches and somehow have two separate install locationsp
Negative 802 pHow do I do the stronginplacestrong equivalent of codestrstrcode for a emcountedem string i.e. emnotem nullterminated in Cp
Negative 802 pI have a model called fixtures which is accessible through the localhost3000fixtures URL only for admin usersp  pThis model has a field called gameweekno which I want to use as the pagination field so that fixtures are displayed to the admin relative to their gameweek. Is there any way of creating pagination based on a field such as the gameweeknop
Negative 802 pIm trying to unit test some basic System.Net.WebClient code to download a string using an HTTPS endpoint.  It seems that using HTTPS from within the NUnit test fails no matter what.  I can use HTTP within the NUnit test without issue.  I can run the HTTPS code in a Console application without issue.p  pHeres the code...p  precode        [Test]         public void TestWebclientHttp                      using System.Net.WebClient wc  new System.Net.WebClient                              string data  wc.DownloadStringhttpmaps.googleapis.commapsapigeocodejsonaddressalvis20courtampsensortrue                 System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLinedata                                           [Test]         public void TestWebClientHttps                      using System.Net.WebClient wc  new System.Net.WebClient                              string data  wc.DownloadStringhttpsmaps.googleapis.commapsapigeocodejsonaddressalvis20courtampsensortrue                 System.Diagnostics.Debug.WriteLinedata                       codepre  pHeres the stack trace...p  precode    at System.Net.HttpWebRequest.EndGetResponse IAsyncResult asyncResult [0x0005e] in privatetmpmonobuildbuildBUILDmono2.10.6mcsclassSystemSystem.NetHttpWebRequest.cs828    at System.Net.HttpWebRequest.GetResponse  [0x0000e] in privatetmpmonobuildbuildBUILDmono2.10.6mcsclassSystemSystem.NetHttpWebRequest.cs836    at System.Net.WebClient.GetWebResponse System.Net.WebRequest request [0x00000] in privatetmpmonobuildbuildBUILDmono2.10.6mcsclassSystemSystem.NetWebClient.cs1433    at System.Net.WebClient.ReadAll System.Net.WebRequest request, System.Object userToken [0x00000] in privatetmpmonobuildbuildBUILDmono2.10.6mcsclassSystemSystem.NetWebClient.cs866    at System.Net.WebClient.DownloadDataCore System.Uri address, System.Object userToken [0x0000a] in privatetmpmonobuildbuildBUILDmono2.10.6mcsclassSystemSystem.NetWebClient.cs246 codepre  pDevelopment Environment...p  ul liMac OS X 10.6.8 li liMono develop 2.8.5li liMono runtime 2.10.6li ul  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pHow can i get the text from a span that precedes an text input and when that input gains focus get the span of the focused input lets say that the inputs are like thisp  precodeltdivgt ltlabel foridgt...ltlabelgt ltinput typetext idid value gt ltspan classspangtspanltspangt ltdivgt codepre  pis there a way to get the value maybe something like thisp  precodeid.livefocus, function var text  this, .span.text  codepre  pI do a live binding because the inputs are dynamically created ive also tried something like this but does not seem to workp  precodevar text  this.find.span.text codepre  pthank you in advancep
Negative 802 pI have a stream that looks like this except with more stuffp  precodeltretEditUsegtBroadcastltretEditUsegt ltEditUsegtMovieltEditUsegt codepre  pand Im trying to clean the XML from it using sedp  precodesed sltretEditUsegt codepre  pIve tested the regular expression using RegexPal but it doesnt seem to work in sed. Any ideas as to whats wrongp
Negative 802 pIm refactoring an app that has a bunch of urls coming likep  pcodeplans1actionconfirmampemailnobodyemail.comcodep  pId like to redirect them, in routes.rb, top  pcodeplans1confirmemailnobodyemail.comcodep  pIve tried a number of approaches listed a hrefhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgrouting.html relnofollowhttpguides.rubyonrails.orgrouting.htmla and a hrefhttpwww.engineyard.comblog2010thelowdownonroutesinrails3 relnofollowhttpwww.engineyard.comblog2010thelowdownonroutesinrails3a but am not having much luck.p  pIm thinking that, because the codeactioncode is after the codecode I need to just do this in the controller.  Is that the casep
Negative 802 pIm trying to use javacpp and encounter some difficulties with eclipse  mac OS.p  pWhen I run this in my command line  strongit works finestrongp  precodeinclude ltstringgt  namespace LegacyLibrary      class LegacyClass          public             const stdstringamp getProperty  return property              void setPropertyconst stdstringamp property  thisgtproperty  property          private             stdstring property       codepre  pand p  precodeimport com.googlecode.javacpp. import com.googlecode.javacpp.annotation.  PlatformincludeLegacyLibrary.h NamespaceLegacyLibrary public class LegacyLibrary  public static class LegacyClass extends Pointer      static  Loader.load      public LegacyClass  allocate      private native void allocate      public native ByRef String getProperty     public native void setPropertyString property   public static void mainString[] args      LegacyClass l  new LegacyClass     l.setPropertyHello World     System.out.printlnl.getProperty  codepre  pp  pas suggested in a hrefhttpcode.google.compjavacpp relnofollowthisa post p  pI get the end result hello world. p  pNow Im taking this into my eclipse IDE and for some reason, I get this errorp  precodeException in thread main java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError java.lang.ClassNotFoundException com.test.LegacyLibrary     at com.googlecode.javacpp.Loader.loadLoader.java293     at com.googlecode.javacpp.Loader.loadLoader.java271     at com.test.LegacyLibraryLegacyClass.ltclinitgtLegacyLibrary.java12     at com.test.LegacyLibrary.mainLegacyLibrary.java23 Caused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException com.test.LegacyLibrary     at java.net.URLClassLoader1.runURLClassLoader.java202     at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClassURLClassLoader.java190     at sun.misc.LauncherExtClassLoader.findClassLauncher.java229     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java306     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java247     at java.lang.Class.forName0Native Method     at java.lang.Class.forNameClass.java169     at com.googlecode.javacpp.Loader.loadLoader.java291     ... 3 more codepre  pI placed the 2 files into a package com.test and the javacpp.jar I placed in the classpath.  Is there anything Im missing here the error message indicates that something in the classpath is incorrect or missing, but what is it I also tried to point in the properties to the javacpp.jar in a different folder but I get the same error message. Maybe VM arguments p  pThank youp
Negative 802 pI have few pages that I show from my main page inside codeiframecode.p  pI got a background image in the main page, when I click the button to change the page inside the frame the frame background color is becoming white somtimes until the page is visible. p  pI added codebackgroundcolortranspertcode to the pages themselves and to the main page CSS.p  pI checked the site with FireFox and IE and it look fine the background of the frame doesnt change but with Chrome it somtimes rendering fine like I wanted it to be and other times the iframe background goes White.p  pCan i do anything that will fix thatp
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions8455256howcouldsomeonereplicatethefollowunfollowhoveractionontwitterswebsitHow could someone replicate the FollowUnfollow hover action on Twitter39s website using Twitter Bootstrapa  p blockquote    pIm creating a Twitterlike follow button. The code is at a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netRQSsz9 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netRQSsz9a.p  precodeltbutton typesubmit value classbtn follow following  titleIn bookmarksgt     lti classbookmarkedgtltigtltspangtIn bookmarksltspangt ltbuttongt ltbutton typesubmit value classbtn follow unfollow displaynone titleFrom bookmarksgt     lti classunfollowgtltigtltspangtFrom bookmarksltspangt ltbuttongt  .btn.follow.following.livemouseover mouseout, functionevent      if event.type  mouseover          .btn.follow.following.toggleClassdisplaynone         .btn.follow.unfollow.toggleClassdisplaynone      else          .btn.follow.following.toggleClassdisplaynone         .btn.follow.unfollow.toggleClassdisplaynone       codepre  pI have an issue with the flicker of the button. What am doing wrongp
Negative 802 pI am new to both linux and also mysql but somehow by obtaining help from net I have installed mysql v5.5 on redhat. It starts fine, I have confirmed this by running command etcinit.dmysqld statusp  pBut I am not able to change password using command mysqladmin u root password newpassword It gives error  bash mysqladmin command not found. I tried searching mysqladmin by using command find  name mysqladmin but it returned no resultp  pAll I can search on net is adding to path binusrlocalmysqlbin but directory structure after installation mysql v5.5 has changed. There is no such directory like usrbinlocalmysql now.p  pplease help me with how to run mysql after changing roots password.p
Negative 802 pHi all I have problem with followingp  precodeforeach DataRow dr in data.Tables[0].Rows      string value  dr[name].ToString     combobox.Items.Addvalue                  codepre  pMy values are getting to value variable but not getting into combobox list.  Anything I can dop
Negative 802 pa hrefhttpwww.mongodb.orgdisplayDOCSUpdatingUpdatingThe24positionaloperator relnofollowThis pagea shows a update reaching into a previously retrieved find document and querying a subelement array to update it. I pretty much need to do the exact same thing. Code for the examplep  precodegt t.find  id  ObjectId4b97e62bf1d8c7152c9ccb74, title  ABC,   comments  [  by  joe, votes  3 ,  by  jane, votes  7  ]   gt t.update comments.byjoe, inccomments..votes1, false, true  codepre  pWhat are the rules governing findfollowedbyupdate, I havent noticed an explanation for this in the documentation. Does the same stuff apply to use of mongodb via drivers  A link to the relevant semantics would be helpful. I am using the C driver.p  pstrongedit self answerstrongp  pthe 2 commands can be rolled into one and this is one way of removing the ambiguity this question raises, the query part of an update can refer to a array subelement, and the codecode symbol will reference to it. I assume you can only reference one subelement in the query part of an update operation. In my case the update operation looks as follows p  precodedb.qrs.update   id  ObjectId4f1fa126adf93ab96cb6e848, urls.uid  171 ,  inc    urls..CC 1  codepre  pThe codeidcode correctly primes the right unique row, and the second query element codeurls.uid  171code assures that the row in question has the right field. codeurls..CCcode then routes the codeinccode operation to the correct array entry.p  pstrongrecomendation to any mongodb dev or document writerstrongp  pDo not show examples which have potential race conditions in them. Always avoid showing multiple operations that can be done atomically.p
Negative 802 pI need to open a TCPIP client connection with my Netty Server business handler.p  pSop  ul liReceive request on server socket, keep socket openli liGo through the pipleine and reach business handler...li liIn business handler open asynch client connection, send request to 3rd partyli liWhen response received from 3rd party reply back to originating client.li ul  pSo in the business handler is there a way to fire asynch call to 3rd party and then when the 3rd party replies back some how attach back to that channel and reply back to the originp  pOr just simply, in the business handler open to 3rd party, send, receive, reply back close channel.p  pIts bassicaly a 1 to 1 type of thing 1 request made, 1 requestresponse from 3rd party, respond back with result.p
Negative 802 pI have three tables codepostscode, codeposttagscode and codetagscode. One post can have many tags, and one tag can belong to many posts. Because of that manytomany relationship, I made a codeposttagscode table. It has two fields codepidcode and codetidcode. Theyre both foreign keys to the posts table and tags table respectively. Now, when I run my PHP method to get the latest posts, I want to also retrieve the tags belonging to that post in one query. Just for reference, heres those three tablesp  ppostsp  precode pid  cid  uid    title        body          published          1     1      1   first post lorem ipsum  20120127 183747  codepre  pposttagsp  precode pid  tid     1     3    codepre  ptagsp  precode tid      name         slug        3    programming  programming  codepre  pHeres the PHP code Im using now to get the latest posts without the tagsp  precodepublic function getLatestPosts      query  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT title, cleantitle, body, published FROM posts ORDER BY published DESC     blogPosts  array     foreach querygtresult as row              blogPosts[]  arraytitle gt rowgttitle,                              cleantitle gt rowgtcleantitle,                              body gt rowgtbody,                              published gt rowgtpublished           return blogPosts  codepre  pHow can I adapt my query to get the name and slug of the tags belonging to each postp  pThanks for any helpp
Negative 802 pHere is an issue Ive confronted in multiple userfacing applications a program contains components for graphical rendering of data, call them emviewsem and other components for managing those data call them emmodelsem.  Some of those data are in the form human friendly text, often key value pairs such as p  precodeSystem Load 20 Running Time 20mins 30sec codepre  pBut which software component should be responsible for constructing the text strings  You could arguep  ul lipstrongThe modelstrong should choose the text while leaving the view to display it.  This way the views dont have to know exactly which data are provided, and probably lets the model expose only a small API.  Also it means that the text stays consistent across multiple views or UI toolkits.  This ways views dont have to worry about i18n.pli lipstrongThe viewstrong should do it because this is a UI issue, not part of the business logic.  After all, the choice of text is not always cleanly separable from rendering.  This way models dont have to worry about i18n.pli ul  pHow should I settle, or think about this division of labour  Any ideasp  pemstrongNote 1strongem I dont think this issue is restricted to MVC designs, although thats where I get my terminology.p  pemstrongNote 2strongem While researching this question I stumbled across a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiModelE28093viewE28093presenter relnofollowPresentersa, and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5717641modelsviewsviewmodelsandpresentersViewModelsa.  Are they supposed to do this kind of work, and when is such a propercomplicated solution worthwhile, and when is it OK to just do it in the Model or View.p
Negative 802 pIm having a problem trying to revert a file to a previous commit, I know I can use codegit checkoutcode to revert a single file but the problem is I have changes in that file Id like to keep so I was wondering how to do some sort of merge between a previous commit and the current HEAD for a single file I tried using codegit reset shaofmycommit pathtomyfilecode but it puts the previous version in the staging area while keeping the latest version on my working directory not sure how to merge both files after it.p  pWhat I did for now was just codegit diff ..shaofmycommit pathtomyfilecode and just copypasted the missing lines but I believe there must be a better way to do this rightp
Negative 802 pI currently have a tab bar application in the works, and have run into a bit of a roadblock. No data is populated in the table view, When i try to load my TableViewController with records from an NSMutable array.p  pRootViewController methods  which is the TableViewControllerp  precode idinit  Call the superclasss designated initalizer self  [super initWithNibNamenil bundlenil]  if self      Populate NSMutalableArry with all pub objects       forint i0 ilt10 i         [[PubStore defaultStore] createPub]         j  [[[[PubStore defaultStore] allPubs] objectAtIndexi] getPubName]            Get the tab bar item     UITabBarItem tbi  [self tabBarItem]      Give it a label     [tbi setTitlePubs]      Create a UIImage from a file     UIImage i  [UIImage imageNamed88beermug.png]      Put Image on the tab bar item     [tbi setImagei]       return self    NSIntegertableViewUITableView tableView numberOfRowsInSectionNSIntegersection    return [[[PubStore defaultStore] allPubs] count]      UITableViewCell tableViewUITableView tableView cellForRowAtIndexPathNSIndexPath   indexPath   Create an instnce of UITableViewCell, with default appearance UITableViewCell cell  [[[UITableViewCell alloc] initWithStyleUITableViewCellStyleDefault reuseIdentifierUITableViewCell] autorelease]  Set the text on the cell with the description of the possession that is at the nth index of the possessions, where n row this cell will appear in on the tableview  Pub p  [[[PubStore defaultStore] allPubs] objectAtIndex[indexPath row]] NSLogDisplay Pub Name , [p getPubName]     [[cell textLabel] setText [p getPubName]]   return cell  codepre  pPubStore Methodsp  precode idinit   if defaultStore      Return the old Default Store     return defaultStore    self  [super init] ifself     allPubs  [[NSMutableArray alloc] init]  return self    NSArray allPubs  return allPubs     Pub createPub   random possessions does not exist in my Pub Class Pub p  [Pub randomPub] NSLogNew Pub , p  [allPubs addObjectp]   return p  codepre  pAny help you could provide me would be greatly appreciated, im in the progress of learning objective c and this is one roadblock that i need to get passed.p
Negative 802 pIm in the process of developing a wants to action for an article.  Now that I am testing posts I am noticing that, in addition to the items and aggregations I define for this action, Facebook is also posting more generic versions of the action activity to a Timeline. These generic posts are titled  strongwants tostrong and article, as seen herep  pProblem Post Generic Facebook Activity Post  a hrefhttpbit.lywWSdTv relnofollowhttpbit.lywWSdTvap  pThis obviously sounds a bit funky, but I cant redefine past tense form of wants to in order for other aggregations to work.  Here is the definition of the action within Facebookp  pFB Action Definition  a hrefhttpbit.lyA0EEIx relnofollowhttpbit.lyA0EEIxap  pDoes anyone have any suggestions on how I can work around this problem  Thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pstrongNote  I know that codeelem height 90code exists.strongp  pWhat I needp  ul lian element to occupy x width and y height of its parent element, regardless of sizeli lithe parent has margins and paddingli ul  pMy problemp  ul liit looks great at first, but when I make the browser window smaller, content starts spilling out of the bottom of the parent.  strongThis is super depressing.strong  It looks to me like the size of the codeloadcode div is 90 of its parent emas requested see stylesheet belowem unfortunately this 90 doesnt take margins or padding into account.  strongWhat is going on herestrong If the answer is just that percentages dont work like that when there are marginspadding, stronghow do I specify that an element occupies x percent of its parent after deducting marginspaddingstrong  Also, note that jQueryui uses css that I would like to avoid touching, if possible.li ul  pMy markupp  precodeltdiv idtabscontainergt       ltdiv idtabsgt         ltulgt             ltligtlta hrefcreategtCreateltagtltligt             ltligtlta hrefloadgtLoadltagtltligt         ltulgt  ltdiv idcreategt something or other  ltdivgt  ltdiv idloadgt ... there is a lot of content here ...  ltdivgt ltdivgt  ltscriptgt  document.readyfunction tabs.tabs  ltscriptgt codepre  pMy stylingp  precodehtml, body      height 100   tabscontainer      height 95   tabs      height 100   tabs gt div      height 90     overflow auto  codepre  pAlso, the default jQuery styling of tabs is in effect with no changes from me.p
Negative 802 pIm looking for a canned C routine that does what a hrefhttplinux.die.netman3glob relnofollowcodeglob3codea does, except emwithoutem matching the results against filenames, e.g.p  precodeinput x[14]y output x1y, x2y, x3y, x4y codepre  pregardless of whether any files with those names happen to exist.  strongEDITstrong This doesnt need to produce the list all at once in fact it would be better if it had an iteratorstyle give me the next name now API, as the list could be enormous.p  pObviously this cannot support codecode and codecode, but thats fine I only emneedem the code[az]code notation.  Support for the codefoo,bar,bazcode notation would be nice too.p  pBest option is telling me the name of a routine that is already in everybodys C library that does this.  Second best would be a pointer to a chunk of BSDlicensed or more permissively code.  GPL code would be awkward, but I could live with it.p
Negative 802 pIve got a codeCursorLoadercode in a codeListFragmentcode that is inside a codeViewPagercode that queries a database.  I have a content provider for that database, which Ive verified works.  p  pThe issue is this when the app runs for the very first time a separate service calls a bulk stronginsertstrong in a codeContentProvidercodep  precodepublic int bulkInsertUri uri, ContentValues[] values      ifLOGV Log.vTAG, inserturi  uri  , values  values.toString        final SQLiteDatabase db  openHelper.getWritableDatabase     final int match  uriMatcher.matchuri      switchmatch          case SNAP              db.beginTransaction             forContentValues cv  values                  db.insertOrThrowTables.SNAP, null, cv                                                  db.setTransactionSuccessful             db.endTransaction              getContext.getApplicationContext.getContentResolver.notifyChangeuri, null             return values.length          codepre  pThe codeCursorLoadercode in the list fragment returns 0 rows though on the very first run when the database gets created.  If I close and restart the app then the codeCursorLoadercode works great and returns exactly what I need.  Ive tried to implement waiting via a handler, but it doesnt seem to help.  Here is the codeListFragmentcode that utilizes the codeCursorLoadercodep  precodepublic class DataBySnapFragment extends ListFragment implements LoaderCallbacksltCursorgt         public static final String TAG  DataBySnapFragment      protected Cursor cursor  null     private DataBySnapAdapter adapter      private Handler handler  new Handler          Override         public void handleMessageMessage msg              super.handleMessagemsg             Log.dTAG, RELOADING             onLoadDelay                      Override     public void onActivityCreatedBundle savedInstanceState          super.onActivityCreatedsavedInstanceState         Log.dTAG, onActivityCreated          adapter  new DataBySnapAdaptergetActivity,                                          R.layout.listitemdatabysnap,                                          null,                                          new String[],                                          new int[],                                          0         setListAdapteradapter                 getLoaderManager.initLoader0, null, this                  Override     public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container,             Bundle savedInstanceState          View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentdatabysnap, null         return view           Override     public void onSaveInstanceStateBundle outState          super.onSaveInstanceStateoutState         outState.putStringerrorworkaround1,                            workaroundforerrorIssue 19917,                            httpcode.google.compandroidissuesdetailid19917           Override     public LoaderltCursorgt onCreateLoaderint id, Bundle args          CursorLoader cursorLoader  new CursorLoadergetActivity,                                                      Snap.CONTENTURI,                                                      null,                                                      null,                                                      null,                                                      Snap.DATAMONTHTODATE   DESC LIMIT 6          return cursorLoader           Override     public void onLoadFinishedLoaderltCursorgt loader, Cursor data          Log.dTAG, data rows   data.getCount         ifdata.getCount lt 0              delayThread          else              adapter.swapCursordata                               Override     public void onLoaderResetLoaderltCursorgt loader          adapter.swapCursornull           private void onLoadDelay          getLoaderManager.initLoader0, null, this                  private void delayThread          new Thread              public void run                  longTimeMethod                 handler.sendEmptyMessage0                      .start           private void longTimeMethod          try              Thread.sleep12000          catch InterruptedException e              Log.etag, e.getMessage                   codepre  pCan anyone let me know why this might be happening, or at least steer me in the right direction  Thanksp
Negative 802 pI have a form with repeatable sets of inputs. I want to clone the set classrepeatableItemInfo while NOT retaining the data that the user enters. The following does a good job of thatp  precodevar subform  .repeatableItemInfo.clonetrue      addMore.clickfunction       subform.appendToitemInfo   codepre  pThe nasty wrinkle is that one of the repeatable form fields is a select list with a change event linked to it. The code above reproduces the select item, but not its associated event despite the true argument.p  pIf I pop the first line into the function like thisp  precodeaddMore.clickfunction       var subform  .repeatableItemInfo.clonetrue      subform.appendToitemInfo   codepre  pThen the change event carries over properly, but so does the data that the user has entered.p  pCan anyone help me get the behavior without the datap
Negative 802 pWhat I am making is a weather forecast website, and what I need is the days of the week ie. Sunday, Monday, etc.. To get tomorrows date I am just putting  1 like someone suggested in another question, but when it gets to Saturday, it says undefined. How do I make it so when it gets to Saturday,  1 will loop over to Sunday Thanks in advancep  precodevar daynew Date var weekdaynew Array7 weekday[0]Sunday weekday[1]Monday weekday[2]Tuesday weekday[3]Wednesday weekday[4]Thursday weekday[5]Friday weekday[6]Saturday  document.getElementByIdtomorrow.innerHTML  weekday[day.getDay  1] document.getElementByIdtwodays.innerHTML  weekday[day.getDay  2] document.getElementByIdthreedays.innerHTML  weekday[day.getDay  3] codepre
Negative 802 pi was wondering which actions match the built in objects a hrefhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsopengraphobjectsbuiltin relnofollowhttpdevelopers.facebook.comdocsopengraphobjectsbuiltinap  pE.g. which action belongs to the object blogp  pBelow is is a list of buildin objects and connected buildin actionsp  ul listrongBlogstrong li listrongBookstrong li listrongWebsitestrong li listrongExternal Profilestrong li liMovie viedo.watchesli liTV Episode viedo.watchesli liTV Show viedo.watchesli liVideo viedo.watchesli liArticle news.readsli ul
Negative 802 pI have a table to which i dynamically add rows. The number of days is equal to the date difference of the dates inserted by user. On the dynamic rows i want to add three fields. The first two are date and day filed. For that I need to know the next date and the corresponding day. For example user enters 1022012. I need to insert The next dates like 1722012,1822012... and corresponding days like Wednesday, Thursday..etc  I have used the following function to get next datep  precodefunction getTomorrowd,offset      if offset             offset  1          return new Datenew Date.setDated.getDate  offset  codepre  pBut it shows error 1622012 has no getDate function. Am not able to find next date and the corresponding day. Is there any way to get itp
Negative 802 pCan somebody explain me why this is workingp  precodeDependency d  new Dependency d.name  test d.release   d.version   d.save Dependency D  Dependency.findbyNameAndVersionAndRelease, test, , .first assertNotNullD codepre  pAnd this one notp  precodeDependency d  new Dependency d.name  test d.release  null d.version  null d.save Dependency D  Dependency.findbyNameAndVersionAndRelease, test, null, null.first assertNotNullD codepre  pIs it not possible to query for codenullcode valuesp  pBR, Renep
Negative 802 pI am using the jQuery a hrefhttpwww.appelsiini.netprojectsjeditable relnofollowJeditablea amazing script btw to create an editinplace form. So, on top of the form, i load the script. Then, the form consists of several hidden fields, which prepopulate themselves with the text from the relevant lt p tags.p  pWith the help of you guys here, this is an example of how the field is pre populatedp  pText from editinplace pagep  precodeltp classautogrow stylewidth 300px idtitlegtLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat.ltpgt codepre  pJavascript script which does the businessp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript charsetutf8gt function    input32.valtitle.text  ltscriptgt  codepre  pThe problem that i have, is that at the moment, field with ID input32 is prepopulated with the text from paragraph with ID title when the page loads.p  pIs it possible to refill or repopulate the field every time the paragraph is changedp
Negative 802 pIve been searching for a solution for this problem but I couldnt solve it I triedp  precodemapViewController  MapViewControllerself.parentViewController codepre  pbut it doesnt work.p
Negative 802 pI want to use GData API in my project for iOS Ive followed official notes on how to add GData to project Static library was built successfully, Ive added references to it and headers folder Than I put codeimport GData.hcode into one of my source files and get following error while building projectcodelibxmltree.h  no such file or directorycodep  pIn build settings  other linker flags Ive specified lxml2 both for project and target In header search paths  usrincludelibxml2 no misspellings, Ive checked, both for project and target. SDKROOTusrincludelibxml2 also didnt helpp  pStill get the same errorsp  pMac OS 10.6.6, Xcode 4.0 Build 4A304a, iOS SDK 4.3p
Negative 802 pI have to write a unit test of my web application ASP.NET  C. So far I know very little about testing, I have read everywhere that express edition doesnt support testing at all and so far I havent found any other way to achieve my goal. I was wondering if there is a way to walk around it somehow and if there isnt it is weird that I got this task and how to implement the test itself. Would anyone please help mep
Negative 802 precodepublic class FeedUpdaterServlet extends HttpServlet  public void doGetHttpServletRequest req, HttpServletResponse resp         throws IOException      PrintWriter out  resp.getWriter     req.setCharacterEncodingutf8     resp.setLocaleLocale.TAIWAN     resp.setContentTypetexthtml charsetutf8     resp.setCharacterEncodingutf8     resp.getWriter.printlnHello, world             out.println  some chinese character     out.printlnresp.getCharacterEncoding     out.flush     out.close      codepre  pweb xmlp  precodeltlocaleencodingmappinglistgt         ltlocaleencodingmappinggt             ltlocalegtzhTWltlocalegt             ltencodinggtutf8ltencodinggt         ltlocaleencodingmappinggt     ltlocaleencodingmappinglistgt codepre  pOutput Hello, world  ISO88591p  pIt seems that the encoding of the respond can not be changed, what is happeningp
Negative 802 pWe provide a link example a hrefhttpindiapriceinfo.ingetbeststoremobileid76340 relnofollowhttpindiapriceinfo.ingetbeststoremobileid76340a  which redirects user to the online store which is selling it at best price so the redirection link will lead you to different store on different days. We use these kind of links on multiple domains with 302 redirection. But they all redirect using indiapriceinfo.in, like the above.p  pIs this bad for SEO If it is then whats the best pratice to do it.p
Negative 802 pIm getting duplicate error messages around my form fields  one for the label and one for the field. I have no idea why the label is getting assigned the error message. Ive included all the related code that I know of. Please help if you can, thanks  rails version strong3.0.11strongp  pgenerated htmlp  precodeltdiv classfieldgt ltdiv classfieldwitherrorsgtltlabel forcustomeremailgtEmailltlabelgtltbr gtltspan classvalidationerrorgtampnbsp       has already been takenltspangtltdivgtltbr gt ltdiv classfieldwitherrorsgtltinput idcustomeremail namecustomer[email] size30 typetext valueasdrummogmail.com gtltbr gtltspan classvalidationerrorgtampnbsp       has already been takenltspangtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre         Passwordbr           pin my application.rbp  precodeconfig.actionview.fielderrorproc  Proc.new do htmltag, instance   if instance.errormessage.kindofArray     ltdiv classfieldwitherrorsgthtmltagltbr gtltspan classvalidationerrorgtampnbsp       instance.errormessage.join,ltspangtltdivgt.htmlsafe   else     ltdiv classfieldwitherrorsgthtmltagltbr gtltspan classvalidationerrorgtampnbsp       instance.errormessageltspangtltdivgt.htmlsafe   end end codepre  pmy form looks like this p  precodelt formforcustomer, url gt action gt savecustomer do f gt  lt if customer.errors.any gt lt errormessagesforcustomergt lt end gt    ltdiv classfieldgt     lt f.label email gtltbr gt     lt f.textfield email gt   ltdivgt    ltdiv classfieldgt     lt f.label password gtltbr gt     lt f.passwordfield password gt   ltdivgt    ltdiv classactionsgt     lt f.submit gt   ltdivgt lt end gt codepre  pthe errormessagesforobjectp  precodedef errormessagesfor object      renderpartial gt sharederrormessages, locals gt object gt object end codepre  psharederrormessagesp  precodeltdiv classerrorgtPlease correct the lt pluralizecustomer.errors.count, error gt below and resubmit.ltdivgt codepre  pand lastly, my validationsp  precodevalidates email, presence gt true, length gt maximum gt 100 , format gt EMAILREGEX, confirmation gt true, uniqueness gt true validates password, on gt updatepassword, presence gt true, confirmation gt true, length gt  minimum gt 5 codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pwith the code removed from application.rb, i still get the following example for the email validation errorp  precodeltdiv classfieldgt   ltdiv classfieldwitherrorsgtltlabel forcustomeremailgtEmailltlabelgtltdivgtltbr gt   ltdiv classfieldwitherrorsgtltinput idcustomeremail namecustomer[email] size30 typetext valueasdrummogmail.com gtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 802 pI have this codep  precodestrInfo  3101234567 Ryan Maybach  Dim varSplit As Variant varSplit  SplitstrInfo,    strPhoneNumber  varSplit0 strOwner  varSplit1 codepre  pSo, strPhoneNumber  3101234567 and strOwner  Ryanp  pI want to make it so that strOwner  Ryan Maybach, the full name, and not just the first name. p  pHow do I split the strInfo string at the first instance of a space  p
Negative 802 pNeed guidance on augmented reality demo.p  pI have setup AR tool kit in my windows xp machine. I have USB Web cam and i have 3d maya diagram in my pc.p  pUSB Web cam is connected in my machine. Now i want to take piece of paper as a marker and show that paper infront of webcam. My 3d maya diagram should overlay on that paper in my windows machine.p  pHow can i achieve this  how can i feed 3d diagram in to ARtoolhit. how to combine marker , and 3d image file. p  pAnybody help me in this.p
Negative 802 pI am busy developing a firefox extension. I am using the Addon Builderp  pWhat it will dop  ol lipGet an ID from a PHP page XMLHttpRequestpli lipCall another function and send that ID with itpli lipThat function inserts CSS with a link tag created by javascriptpli ol  pstrongMy Problemstrongp  pIt wont work. If I alert the currenttheme variable, nothing happens. So the XMLHttpRequest doesnt seem to work.p  pMy codep  pstrongmain.jsstrongp  precodevar Widget  requirewidget.Widget var tabs  requiretabs exports.main  function  var pageMod  requirepagemod var data  requireself.data scriptFiles  data.urls.js pageMod.PageMod include .facebook.com, contentScriptWhen ready, contentScriptFile scriptFiles  codepre  pstrongs.jsstrongp  precodefunction addCSStheTheme  var s  document.createElementlink s.type  textcss s.rel  stylesheet s.href  theTheme.css document.headdocument.documentElement.appendChilds   function getData                  client  new XMLHttpRequest                 try                     client.openGET,httplocalhost8888istylaloginpopuploginmyaccount.php                                     catch e                 alert error while opening   e.message                            client.onreadystatechange  function                 if client.readyState 4                         userdata  client.responseText                         window.userdata  userdata                         var currenttheme  userdata                         window.currenttheme  currenttheme                         addCSScurrenttheme                                            client.sendnull   getData codepre  pP.S. The CSS file is in the data folder.p
Negative 802 pI used a hrefhttpjoshclemm.comblogp136 relnofollowthisa link to make my tabpages. And I want to make a hrefhttpjoshclemm.comblogp86 relnofollowthisa. But I have no idea how to add content to the customized pages.p  pIve read a lot but found no solution. Thanksp
Negative 802 pI have been working on a tab menu without adding the doctype statement. It works perfectly in my eyes but when I do place the codeltDOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalENgtcode or any other type of Doctype, my layout completely messes up. Below are three pictures which describe p  pcode1. Expanded Window without doctypecodep  pcode2. Contracted Window without doctypecodep  pcode3. Contracted Window WITH doctypecodep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comt1oJF.png altenter image description herep  pIm using the codeaftercode pseudo to place the right side of the sliding door with the code snippetp  precodenav liafter      width10px     content     background urltabRight.png     positionabsolute     height100     top0     right10  codepre  pIm pretty new to web development so I have no idea what could be causing this. Any help at this point would be appreciated. Thanksp  pHTMLp  precodeltdiv idnavgt ltulgt     ltli iddeadgt         lta hrefjavascript togglegt             ltdiv scriptpaddingleft5pxgt                 ltimg classnavImg srcdead32.png gt                 ltp classnavTxtgtDeadlinesltpgt             ltdivgt         ltagt     ltligt     ltligtampnbspampnbspAboutltligt     ltligtampnbspampnbspAddressltligt ltulgt ltdivgt codepre  h2EDITh2  pThe coderight10code is causing the problem. If I set coderight0code The layout is restored, however then this makes the sliding doors not work for me. The transparent edge from the right sliding door shows the grey background when it overlaps the left sliding door, which is not what I want. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBwdRv.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pI am new to Qt, so i dont know how to save application data in it, is there any way to do it like shared preferences in androidp
Negative 802 pI want to show images in a Borderlayout panel in center. I create image panel as below and then add it to the center of Borderlayout. I dont know why image doesnt show up and there is no error too. What can be the reason and how can i fix itp  precodepublic class ImagePanel extends WebPanel  private Image image private Image scaledImage private int imageWidth  0 private int imageHeight  0 constructor public ImagePanel      super  public void loadImageString file throws IOException      File filetest new FileCtmpaxiuserPicturesCLA0014.png     image  ImageIO.readfiletestnew Filefile     imageWidth  image.getWidththis     imageHeight  image.getHeightthis     setScaledImage  e.g., containing frame might call this from formComponentResized public void scaleImage      setScaledImage  override paintComponent public void paintComponentGraphics g      super.paintComponentg     if  scaledImage  null           System.out.printlnImagePanel paintComponent   paintCount         g.drawImagescaledImage, 0, 0, this       private void setScaledImage      if  image  null           use floats so division below wont round         float iw  imageWidth         float ih  imageHeight         float pw  this.getWidth   panel width         float ph  this.getHeight  panel height         if  pw lt iw  ph lt ih               if  pw  ph gt iw  ih                   iw  1                 ih  ph              else                  iw  pw                 ih  1                          prevent errors if panel is 0 wide or high             if iw  0                  iw  1                          if ih  0                  ih  1                          scaledImage  image.getScaledInstance                         new Floatiw.intValue, new Floatih.intValue, Image.SCALEDEFAULT          else              scaledImage  image                codepre  pp
Negative 802 pI have the following .ajaxp  precode.ajax      url urlpath,      type POST,      dataType json,      data JSON.stringifyjson,      contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,      success function data           alertJSON.stringifydata      ,      error error   codepre  pWhat I am passing back is a list with 3 columns. When I do   alertJSON.stringifydata it shows me the data  3 columns and 4 rows of data. How do I go about parsing this and storing it into a table p
Negative 802 pI have to convert a Sybase query which is embedded in iReport to its MySQL equivalent, but since I am very new, Ive been unable to do it. My Sybase query is as followsp  precodeDECLARE metalType INT SET metalType  PmetalType DECLARE dummy INT SET dummy  0 if metalType  dummy        BEGIN        .... My query implementing to the case metalType equals to dummy        ....        END else        BEGIN        .... My query implementing to the case metalType not equals to dummy        ....        END codepre  pIm stuck on how to convert this TSQL style conditional statement to MySQL. p  pIm grateful for your opinions and answers on this.p
Negative 802 pHere is my code p  precodeIBActionplayvideoidsender  NSLogGet in     NSString moviePath  [[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourcevideo3 ofTypeMOV] MPMoviePlayerController movie  [[MPMoviePlayerController alloc] initWithContentURL[NSURL fileURLWithPathmoviePath]]     NSLogmovie path ,moviePath     NSLogmovie ,movie     [[NSNotificationCenter defaultCenter] addObserverself selectorselectormyMovieViewFinishedCallback nameMPMoviePlayerPlaybackDidFinishNotification objectmovie]     movie.controlStyle  MPMovieControlStyleDefault     movie.shouldAutoplay  YES     [self.view addSubviewmovie.view]     [movie setFullscreenYES animatedYES]     [movie play]  codepre  pand Here is my logp  blockquote   p20120316 165439.080 TestVideofile[51011f03] Get in 20120316   165439.303 TestVideofile[51011f03] movie path   UserscrazyoxyLibraryApplication SupportiPhone   Simulator5.1Applications7F1425B86DB04A09AC8F3BCDBF19ED95TestVideofile.appvideo3.MOV   20120316 165439.304 TestVideofile[51011f03] movie lt   MPMoviePlayerController 0x7a8ea30 p blockquote  pAfter I click button that link with this IBAction, it turns to black page but didnt show video or even any audio.p  pCould you help me pleasep
Negative 802 pI have Rails 3.1.3 app and trying to plug gem redis to it.p  pIve added following gem to Gemfilep  pgem redisstorep  pFollowing this article, ive added following code to environmentsdevelopment.rbp  precodeconfig.gem redisstore, lib gt redisstore require redisstore  HACK config.cachestore  redisstore codepre  pThe app wont start, complaining to cachestorep  pgemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportcache.rb65in lookupstore Could not find cache store adapter for redisstore no such file to load  activesupportcacheredisstore RuntimeError.p  pIve figured it out, including gem redisrails instead of redisstore, but im getting another errorp  blockquote   pUsersAntonAL.rvmgemsree1.8.72011.03globalgemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerrubygemsintegration.rb143in gem redisstore is not part of the bundle. Add it to Gemfile. GemLoadErrorp blockquote  pKeeping them bothp  precodegem redisstore gem redisrails codepre  pgives another errorp  precodegemsredisrails0.0.0libredisrailsversion.rb1 Redis is not a module TypeError     from gemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportdependencies.rb240in require     from gemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportdependencies.rb240in require     from gemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportdependencies.rb223in loaddependency     from gemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportdependencies.rb640in newconstantsin     from gemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportdependencies.rb223in loaddependency     from gemsactivesupport3.1.3libactivesupportdependencies.rb240in require     from gemsredisrails0.0.0libredisrails.rb1     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerruntime.rb68in require     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerruntime.rb68in require     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerruntime.rb66in each     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerruntime.rb66in require     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerruntime.rb55in each     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundlerruntime.rb55in require     from gemsbundler1.0.21libbundler.rb122in require     from configapplication.rb11     from gemsrailties3.1.3librailscommands.rb52in require     from gemsrailties3.1.3librailscommands.rb52     from gemsrailties3.1.3librailscommands.rb49in tap     from gemsrailties3.1.3librailscommands.rb49     from scriptrails6in require     from scriptrails6 codepre  pHelp, pleasep
Negative 802 pscript to create a node servernodeserver.js , i want to include jquery library to that file. p  pi want to use jquery in this file ,  how to include jquery library to this javascript file , p  pnote that , i am not including this file to a view , this is a node server written in javascript .p  ppart of my serverp  precodevar server  http.createServerfunction request,response      var pathRegex  new RegExppublish     var pathname  url.parserequest.url.pathname      if pathRegex.testpathname         publishrequest, response      else         render404request, response       codepre
Negative 802 pIve just recompiled Qt 4.7.4 on a new machine issues with Phonon necessitated a full recompile, the issue now being that the X11 embed aspects dont seem to be working. I know that they emhaveem been working but I cant remember for the life of me what specific configure flag I need to pass in for it to be enabled.p  pUPDATE Still getting this issue, I started dumping further info in the execution and its returning invalid window ID each time. However the previous build of Qt also 4.7.4, built on the same platform does work so Im at somewhat of a loss now. Bounty reopened.p
Negative 802 pI have a windows service that has its name set by an app.config. I set the name as followsp  pThe ServiceBase.SerivceName is set on the Service class constructor I have removed the setting of the ServiceName in the Service.Designerp  precodeServiceName  ConfigurationManager.AppSettings.GetServiceName codepre  pThe ServiceInstaller sets the DisplayName and ServiceName like thisp  precodeServiceInstaller.DisplayName  config.AppSettings.Settings[ServiceName].Value ServiceInstaller.ServiceName  ServiceInstaller.DisplayName codepre  pAll works as expected, so the service is installed fine alongside a duplicate service.br They have different names and different locations.br The appear as seperate entries in the Services list.p  pBut I can only start one service at a time. The error I get on trying to start the second service is the unhelpfulp  precodeThe service is not responding to the control function. codepre  pThere are 2 System Events that get logged when trying to runp  precodeA timeout was reached 30000 milliseconds while waiting for the Blah Service service to connect.    The Blah Service service failed to start due to the following error The service did not respond to the start or control request in a timely fashion. codepre  pAny help gratefully received.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pyes hi, i would like to make the variable in the following, schoolsubjects available everywhere such as in methods like, getItems  however without using parameters. I do not know the formal definition of what I am trying to do, that is why i cant really google this.p  precodeimport java.util. public class TestApp     private static String[] schoolsubjects     public void TestApp           public void addItemString itemname         schoolsubjects.additemname          public void getItems         return schoolsubjects          codepre  pok thank youp  pin addItemp  pI get, error cannot find symbolp
Negative 802 pI am using my own class for image processing , like load , thumbnail , ....p  pIn general ,  this code create images objectp  precodeBitmap result  new Bitmapwidth, height, PixelFormat.Format32bppArgb codepre  pand this code post it to coderesponsecode object to show in browser.p  precodeHttpContext.Current.Response.AddHeaderContentType, imagepng         using MemoryStream memStream  new MemoryStream                      memStream.Seek0, SeekOrigin.Begin             Result.SavememStream, ImageFormat.Png             memStream.WriteToHttpContext.Current.Response.OutputStream                  Result.Dispose codepre  pIn some cases , the browsers show the correct image but sometimes show the cropped image like this.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com2U0SG.jpg altenter image description herep  pIs this image breaking related to my code or related to browsers  p
Negative 802 pMy database contains both questions and answers. The questions have an ID intQAID and the responses have an ID intResponseID. The intRespondID is the same as the intQAID ID that it is responding to. Each entry into the database has its own ID, which is intPostID.p  pWhats im trying to do is write a query that will grab all this information and post it to a website using a while statement. However, the structure needs to be Question and underneath be the answer, until the while loop ends.p  pI can get the questions to postp  precodequestion  mysqlquerySELECT , SELECT cUsername FROM tblUsers tblU WHERE Q2.intPosterID  tblU.intUserID AS username,  SELECT DATEFORMATdPostDateTime, b e Y Hi AS posttime  FROM tblQA Q2 WHERE intResponseID  0  ORDER BY Q2.dSortDateTime DESC, Q2.intQAID DESC LIMIT 40  whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayquestion  echo lttr classforumgt echo lttd classforumgt . substrrow[cBody], 0, 150 . lttdgt echo lttd classforumgt . row[cCategory] . lttdgt echo lttd classforumgt . row[username] . lttdgt echo lttd classforumgt . row[posttime] . lttdgt echo lttrgt  codepre  pBut how can I get it to post the answer in the same while statementp  pShould output like sop  precodeQuestion 1   Answer 1 Question 2   Answer 2 Question 3   Answer 3 etc.... codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a tooltip as mentioned in the tutorial p  pa hrefhttpjquerytools.orgdemostooltipindex.htm relnofollowhttpjquerytools.orgdemostooltipindex.htmap  pHere is my code snippet a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netwlogeshwaran9XX3B relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netwlogeshwaran9XX3Ba It is not working . Please tell me where I am making the mistake .p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI am  new in highlevel programming, Well I know its very unprofession questionp  pI like to Parse a file in java p  pe.g  my in.vmf containsp  precodevaps graxxx metagraphic   ccccc cccc vvvv vvvv xxx cccc Beginobject xxx  Translate  somethoing  anything end Beginobject codepre  pI would like to parse the above file with following rulesp  ul liif it find a first line vaps graxx it will go copyparse till it find Beginobject. and add some lineli lithen search for other word and copyparse till something and add some lineli licontinue for other similar search and so on li ul  phere if my piece code p  precode    BufferedReader FileBuf      try           Open the file and read the file         FileBuf  new BufferedReadernew FileReaderarc.VMF            Create a new file          OutputFile  new PrintWriternew FileWriternewarc.VMF           Start reading file Line by Line           while LineRead  FileBuf.readLine  null                LineStr  LineRead.split              if LineRead.isEmpty                  System.out.printlnLine is empty                           if LineRead.startsWith                     ampamp LineRead.indexOfV A P S gt 0                  OutputFile.printlnLineRead                          if LineRead.indexOfBEGINOBJECT gt 0                      OutputFile.printlnLineRead                    ....... ..... ....                       FileBuf.close         OutputFile.close codepre  pCan anyone give some advices on it , will be a great help. Thanksp
Negative 802 pIs there a way to keep MSMQ outgoing queues on a server in state Connected indefinitelyp  pNote Windows 2008 R2 Server, up to 200 outgoing queues.p
Negative 802 pAlthough strongNOTstrong documented as a part of the a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.web.security.sqlmembershipprovider.createuser.aspx relnofollowCreateUsera method on MSDN, the SqlMembershipProvider throws an ArgumentException if you try to do anything with a username containing a comma including trying to create a user. Commas in passwords appear to be ok.  My question is why   p  precodeSystem.ArgumentException The parameter username must not contain commas. codepre  pstrongEditstrong As documented on a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2109605theparameterusernamemustnotcontaincommasparameternameusernamestackoverflowa, one such reason for allowing commas would be that, while unusual, email addresses strongCANstrong contain commas.  p
Negative 802 pstrongMy code seems to run but it does not display the result any result on text view am guessing is because of the way I set my code. The code is below Somebody please help me. Thanksstrong    p  precode     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState                  super.onCreatesavedInstanceState                 setContentViewR.layout.main3                  Button button  Button findViewByIdR.id.but                  input  EditText findViewByIdR.id.editTextj                   display  TextView findViewByIdR.id.textView8                   button.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener                      public void onClickView v                          CCActivity3 fs  new CCActivity3                         fs.fileReader                       button                  button end                           public void fileReader                   try                  InputStream isthis.getResources.openRawResourceR.raw.file                  BufferedReader bc  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReaderis                      String cLine                     String inputText                        ListltStringgt test2  new ArrayListltStringgt                          read file line by line                        while cLine  bc.readLine  null                             inputText  inputText  cLine  n                                              s  input.getText.toString                      test  CCActivity3.getPermutationsPermutation method                           test2.retainAlltestintersection                     String fg                        for String s2  test2                          fg  s2  n                                            display.setTextfg                          bc.close                   catch Exception e  catch any errors if necessary                      display.setTexte.getMessage                               codepre  pIf you check the resource line am very sure am not getting that right and also the formating of the code I believe they just scattered . Hint the file.txt on the resraw path has more than 100,000 stringswords, could this be the cause.Thanks Againp
Negative 802 pIm using console.logvariable and firebug to examine javascript code. Occasionally, I get [object][object] as the value.  Is there anyway of getting more information than just [object][object] p  pstrongEDITstrong [object Object] is not clickablep  pstrongEDIT2strong I was able to log the information using codeconsole.logMy EPIC Object, epicObjectcodep
Negative 802 pWhy does this Query Failsp  precodeSELECT     SUBCOMMODITY,     VOL AS Sales,     VOLCHANGE AS Dollarchange,     VOLSHARE AS Dollarshare,     VOLSHARECHANGE AS Dollarsharechange,     UVOL AS Unitsales,     UVOLCHANGE AS Unitchange,     UVOLSHARE AS Unitshare,     UVOLSHARECHANGE AS Unitsharechange,     VOLMKTSHARE AS Marketshare,     PERIOD FROM calculatedsummary WHERE WEEK  52 AND PERIOD BETWEEN 20120301 AND 20120331 AND MKT  000 Total Market AND COMMODITY  CONDIMENTS SAUCES AND SUBCOMMODITY  BBQ SAUCE AND BRANDFAMILYDESC  Total AND sessionid  ADBCDEFGHIJQLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ codepre  pMySQL server logp  ul liInnoDB Assertion failure in thread 2292 in file row0sel.c line 2441li liInnoDB Failing assertion buf  datalen lt originalbuf  buflenli liInnoDB We intentionally generate a memory trap. li liInnoDB Submit a detailed bug report to a hrefhttpbugs.mysql.com relnofollowhttpbugs.mysql.coma. li liInnoDB If you get repeated assertion failures or crashes, even li liInnoDB immediately after the mysqld startup, there may be li liInnoDB corruption in theli liInnoDB  tablespace. Please refer to li liInnoDB a hrefhttpdev.mysql.comdocrefman5.5enforcinginnodbrecovery.html relnofollowhttpdev.mysql.comdocrefman5.5enforcinginnodbrecovery.htmlali liInnoDB about forcing recovery. li liInnoDB Thread 1544 stopped in file os0sync.c line 474 li liInnoDB Thread 2028 stopped in file os0sync.c line 781li ul  pAnd also get a 2013 error  Lost connection to MySQL server during queryp  pBut if I change p  blockquote   blockquote     pstrongsessionid  ADBCDEFGHIJQLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZstrong p          pTOp          pstrongsessionid LIKE ADBCDEFGHIJQLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZstrongp   blockquote blockquote
Negative 802 pI am using enumeratefiles to list all the files in a directory. Its throws an exception when it encounters a filename containing illegal characters and then stops the foreach loop that is listing the files. How can I make the foreach loop continue listing out filenames despite the exception Any ideasp  pCodep  precodetry   DirectoryInfo directory  new DirectoryInfotargetPath IEnumerableltFileInfogt allfiles  directory.EnumerateFiles., SearchOption.AllDirectories  foreach FileInfo file in allfiles      Console.WriteLinefile.Name    catch ArgumentException o      Console.WriteLineError 0, o.Message  codepre
Negative 802 pUsing GAE with Python for this project.p  pI am creating a page with a chart of statistics that updatesrefreshes itself every 10 sec using AJAX. It is my first time using AJAX. What I am thinking is, that I should create a private page that will give the needed information for the statistics chart. Then I simply get the info using AJAX.p  pIs that the way to go about it If so how do I make a private page in GAE, I dont want users to be able to go to that page.. Thanksp  pWhat are the security concerns for a production quality applicationp
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions276660howcanioverridetheonbeforeunloaddialogandreplaceitwithmyownHow can I override the OnBeforeUnload dialog and replace it with my ownabr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions959655destroysessiononwindowclosedestroy session on window closeabr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9701734howtoexecuteajaxfunctiononbeforeunloadHow to execute ajax function onbeforeunloada  p blockquote    pi want to delete the session after user close window . i dont know how to do this . please help me . i tried following code its working fine IE browser but not working in other browsers . is there any other way to solve this problem p  precodewindow.unload function event         if window.event.clientX lt 0 ampamp window.event.clientY lt 0            alertcloseddddddddddd      .ajax url logout.php          codepre
Negative 802 pso I have created a circle with draw method  p  precodeglLineWidth16 glColor4ub0, 255, 0, 255 drawCircle ccps.width2,  s.height2, 100, 0, 10, NO codepre  pI would like to know if it is possible to transform this shape to a rectangle shape strongwith animationstrong . Thank you . sorry for my english Im french p
Negative 802 pI have a model with some bool objects p  precode    [DisplayNameIs student still at school]     [ValidBoolDropDownIsStillAtSchool]     public bool IsStillAtSchool  get set  codepre  pthat are being implemented with some bool editor dropdown templates p  precode    model bool      int intTabIndex  1     if ViewData[tabindex]  null              intTabIndex  Convert.ToInt32ViewData[tabindex]               string strOnChange       if ViewData[onchange]  null              strOnChange  ViewData[onchange].ToString        ltdiv classeditorfieldgt     Html.LabelFormodel gt model      Html.DropDownListFormodel gt model, new SelectListItem[]  new SelectListItem  Text  Yes, Value  true, Selected  Model  true  true  false , new SelectListItem  Text  No, Value  false, Selected  Model  false  true  false , new SelectListItem  Text  Select, Value  null, Selected  Model  null  true  false , new  tabindex  intTabIndex, onchange  strOnChange       Html.ValidationMessageFormodel gt model ltdivgt codepre  pOn the post I still get the default model validation error p  pThe value null is not valid for Is studentstill at school.aka IsStillatSchoolp  pI have even implemented a custom ValidationAttribute p  precodepublic class ValidBoolDropDown  ValidationAttribute      public ValidBoolDropDownstring dropdownname basePlease Select for 0               DropDownName  dropdownname           private string DropDownName      protected override ValidationResult IsValidobject value,ValidationContext validationContext                var boolres  GetBoolvalidationContext          if boolres.HasValue                      return new ValidationResultFormatErrorMessagevalidationContext.DisplayName                   return ValidationResult.Success           public override string FormatErrorMessagestring name              return string.FormatErrorMessageString, name          protected bool GetBoolValidationContext validationContext              var propertyInfo  validationContext                               .ObjectType                               .GetPropertyDropDownName         if propertyInfo  null                      var boolValue  propertyInfo.GetValuevalidationContext.ObjectInstance, null             if boolValue  null                 return null             return boolValue as bool                  return null       codepre  pThis fires but gets overwritten and the Model.Value.Error for this attribute still failsp  pI saw some about the turning the automatic required flag off for value types in Glocal.asxp  precode  DataAnnotationsModelValidatorProvider.AddImplicitRequiredAttributeForValueTypes  false codepre  pbut this has not worked..is it a case to create a custom MetadataValidatorProvider for the app or is there something else going on p  pThanks in Adavancep
Negative 802 pI have many link buttons with various contents like tabs, i need to apply a class to clicked link button with jquery, am using bellow function but its not working when post backing the pagep  precodefunction      a.clickfunction          this.addClassselected     , function          this.removeClassselected       codepre  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pUp until now I have been drawing out my mockups on paper with pencil, it works for the most part, but i was wondering if there were professional tools to do this say for team projects, how are GUI mock up ideas passed around, surely not my neanderthal method of paper and pencil focusing on desktop applications, I would like some advice. I have also used some of the IDE designers, the most useful and intuitive one Ive used thus far is Nokias Qt Designer, because it integrates so well with Qts MVC pattern and the ability to add slotssignal relationships in the design. p  pIs there a tool much like Qt Designer but more generalized and isolated for just mocking up some UI ideasp
Negative 802 pI am creating a webservice which is aimed to strongsimulatestrong how do electronic circuits work. The a hrefhttpmoochip.heroku.com relnofollowprojecta is not even in the Alpha stage yet.p  pI am stuck with some important milestone of the project when one tries to connect one components pin to some other pin  the connection line should be built. p  pFirst of all, the connection line was just a straight line, without almost any way to change it. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwvZzt.jpg altenter image description herep  pThen it became somehow bended line with the possibility to add, move and delete points, which determined how the line is bended. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comZQ6Bg.jpg altenter image description herep  pAnd now it connection line is created using the strongAstrong algorithm.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com4tvYx.png altenter image description herep  pThe implementation is not well yet, so editing Agenerated connection line is not a good idea, cause it fails a lot.p  pThe idea for the connection line creation algorithm is just as followsp  ol lipdetermine emstartem and emendem pointspli lipfind a path between emstartem and emendem, which does not overlap any existing component bounding boxpli lipcreate a set of embase pointsem  a list of coordinates, got from the step 2  emstartem at the heap  emendem at the tailpli lipcreate a set of lines which will form a connection linep  precodefor var i  1 i lt points.length i      var p0  points[i  1], p1  points[i],          line  MooChip.paper.pathRaphael.formatM1,2L3,4, p0.x, p0.y, p1.x, p1.y  codepreli ol  pThe problem is that emconnection linesem could overlap, while they must intersect only... Well, actually there is another problem i could not even imagine how one could implement connection lines connection, like here, the bottomleft imagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com98P77.jpg altenter image description herep  pstrongThe question isstrong how should i build the connection path to make it mostly close to the welldesigned circuit diagram, lets say and how can i implement schematic junctionsp
Negative 802 pMy website developer is making me a FAcebook Login button, but he says he needs an application ID and appliecation secret to proceed.p  pI think I have to register my website with facebook to get the ID, but I cannot work out how to do this.  p  pCan anyone help pleasep
Negative 802 pI have the same use case as a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq10062477070this guya, and I really like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma57319677070this answera except that I have one extra requirement I need to get the return status from the child process.p  pHeres my attempt at modifying his program.  Im a tourist in Windowsland and Python ctypes, so hopefully I havent done anything dumb...p  precodeimport ctypes, subprocess from random import randint import os SYNCHRONIZE0x00100000 PROCESSQUERYINFORMATION0x0400 INFINITE  1 numprocs  5 handles    class ErrBaseException pass  for i in xrangenumprocs     sleeptime  randint5,10     p  subprocess.Popen[rcMinGWmsys1.0binsleep.exe, strsleeptime], stdinsubprocess.PIPE, stdoutsubprocess.PIPE, stderrsubprocess.PIPE, shellFalse     h  ctypes.windll.kernel32.OpenProcessSYNCHRONIZE  PROCESSQUERYINFORMATION, False, p.pid     handles[h]  p.pid     print Spawned Process d  p.pid  while lenhandles gt 0     print Waiting for d children...  lenhandles     arrtype  ctypes.clong  lenhandles     handlearray  arrtypehandles.keys     ret  ctypes.windll.kernel32.WaitForMultipleObjectslenhandlearray, handlearray, False, INFINITE     h  handlearray[ret]     print Process d done  handles[h]     i  ctypes.cint0     pi  ctypes.pointeri     if ctypes.windll.kernel32.GetExitCodeProcessh, pi  0     err  ctypes.windll.kernel32.GetLastError         raise ErrGetExitCodeProcess d  err     print Status code is d  i     if ctypes.windll.kernel32.CloseHandleh  0     err  ctypes.windll.kernel32.GetLastError     raise ErrCloseHandle d  err     del handles[h] print All done codepre  pBut when I run this, I get a failurep  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File test.py, line 30, in ltmodulegt     raise ErrGetExitCodeProcess d  err main.Err GetExitCodeProcess 6 codepre  pIt appears that a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsdesktopms68138228vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowerror 6 is ERRORINVALIDHANDLEa.  But Im not sure why the handle is invalid I asked for the codePROCESSQUERYINFORMATIONcode permission and the codeCloseHandlecode call works fine if I comment out the codeGetExitCodeProcesscode call.p  pAny ideas  How can I get the status code after waiting for a bunch of processesp
Negative 802 pI have a financial price time seriesp  pre date     price   variance3  112012  1,1    na 212012  1,2    na 312012  1,3     412012  1,3 712012  1,2 812012  1.3 pre  pI intend to calculate the variance for each date using the last 3 prices in time. Do you see a chance to accomplish this using SQL onlyp  pAny hint would be much appreciated.p
Negative 802 pHow do I get the username and password field into a text boxp  precodeusernameField  new EditFieldUSERNAME,  passwordField  new PasswordEditFieldPASSWORD,  addusernameField vm.addnew LabelFieldn addpasswordField ButtonField buttonField1  new ButtonField Login,ButtonField.FIELDHCENTER  add buttonField1     ButtonField buttonField2  new ButtonField Forgot Password,ButtonField.FIELDHCENTER  add buttonField2     buttonField1.setMargin100, 10, 10, 10 popup1 buttonField1.setChangeListener new FieldChangeListener      public void fieldChanged Field arg0, int arg1           if usernameField.getTextLength  0  passwordField.getTextLength  0              Dialog.alertYou must enter a username and password          else              profile                 buttonField2.setChangeListener new FieldChangeListener      public void fieldChanged Field arg0, int arg1           UiApplication.getUiApplication.pushScreennew ForgotPwd       codepre
Negative 802 pi am displaying my contents in an Iframe and i want that the height of the Iframe must be adjusted according to the contentsp  pI tried the following things picked up from few sitesp  precode  iframe.loadfunction       this.heightthis.contents.height     this.widththis.contents.width  codepre  pThis works fine but if any longer page comes the height is reset according to that page and then for all the pages the reset height comes..p  pI tried another codep  precodefunction autoResizeid    var newheight  var newwidth  if document.getElementById        newheight  document.getElementByIdid.contentWindow.document.body.scrollHeight     newwidth  document.getElementByIdid.contentWindow.document.body.scrollWidth  document.getElementByIdid.height  newheight  px  document.getElementByIdid.width  newwidth  px      ltiframe idiframe frameborder0 srcUrl.ContentHTMLCooking.htm stylewidth 100 height 100 scrollingno onloadautoResizeiframegtltiframegt codepre  pBut this gives me error strongObject Requiredstrong I tried many other codes but for all it gives me the same errorstrongObject Requiredstrong .br I am working in MVC3.Is there any problem of the technology with MVC3br I dont understand this error.Please Help mep
Negative 802 pIs it because  timing constraints imposed on realtime systems means that a thread or task should control its own execution based on timings where a sequentially executed program may not be able to guarantee timings are achieved due to its task load p  pRegards, thanks.p
Negative 802 pI have been working on a copy of Conways GOL for class and Im having an issue when the GUI renders.p  pQuick rundown  GUI Creates a Frame and a mainPanel, set to BorderLayout.p  pOnce I instantiate the Grid itself and assign it to the mainPanel, it should show my 2D array in Grid, but it doesnt.  Been banging my head against the wall for the past 2 hours.p  pFWIW, I cannot use an IDE for GUI building on this. Code belowp  pstrongGUIstrongp  precode           import java.awt. import java.awt.event. import java.awt.Color import java.awt.GridBagLayout import java.awt.BorderLayout import javax.swing.JButton import javax.swing.JFrame import javax.swing.JPanel import javax.swing.border. import java.util.Observer import java.util.Observable  public class GameOfLifeGUI extends JFrame implements Observer       private JPanel mainPanel     private JPanel gridPanel     private JPanel startPanel     private JPanel titlePanel     private JButton start     private Cell cell     private Grid grid     private MouseEvent mouseClicked     private MouseEvent mouseDragged     private MouseEvent mousePressed     private MouseEvent mouseRelease     private MouseListener mouseListener      public GameOfLifeGUI          super         Create Start Button for startPanel         JButton start  new JButtonStart          Creates a Grid to add to the panel         grid  new Grid75,75          Create JPanels         mainPanel  new JPanel         gridPanel  new JPanel         startPanel  new JPanel         titlePanel  new JPanel                     Add Grid to gridPanel           Modify Gridint, int to change size of Grid. Per spec, this grid should always be 75x75                    Create gridPanel         gridPanel.setLayoutnew GridLayout75,75         gridPanel.setBackgroundColor.WHITE         gridPanel.addgrid          Set Layout of Panels         mainPanel.setLayoutnew BorderLayout         mainPanel.addgridPanel, BorderLayout.CENTER         mainPanel.addstartPanel, BorderLayout.SOUTH         mainPanel.addtitlePanel, BorderLayout.NORTH          Add Start Button to startPanel         startPanel.addstart          Creates a window for displaying the GUI         this.setTitleConways Game of Life         this.setSize1000, 750         this.setLocationRelativeTonull         this.addmainPanel         this.setDefaultCloseOperationJFrame.EXITONCLOSE         this.setVisibletrue      end Constructor codepre  pstrongGridstrongp  precodeimport java.awt. import javax.swing. import java.awt.event. import java.awt.Component import java.awt.Color import javax.swing.JPanel. import java.util.Observer import java.util.Arrays import java.util.Observable  public class Grid extends JPanel    private Cell[][] grid   private int column   private int row         Constructs a Grid of Cells     columns is a column of cells     rows is a row of cells        public Gridint column, int row     this.column  column     this.row  row       create a grid of cells     grid  new Cell[row][column]     for int r  0 r lt row r       for int c  0 c lt column c         grid[r][c]  new Cellr,c                 Creates a border of cells around grid for edge case handling     All cells in this border will be dead and incapable of living     for int c  0 c lt column c         grid[0][c]  new Cellrow, column          for int c  0 c lt column1 c         grid[row1][c]  new Cellrow, column          for int r  0 r lt row r         grid[r][0]  new Cellrow, column          for int r  0 r lt row1 r         grid[r][column  1]  new Cellrow, column        end Constructor codepre  pIf you need more info, please let me know  didnt want to code dump on my first post.p
Negative 802 pIve come across a strange error in CakePHP when sending a contact form to a recipient via email. When a contact form is filled out and is submitted, CakePHP then sends the email to recipient absolutely fine. But instead of sending one email once it seems to send two emails at the same time.p  pMy controller code is thisp  precodevar helpers  arrayHtml, Form, Js var components  arrayEmail, Session  public function index      thisgtlayout  modal      ifissetthisgtdata[Contact]          userName  thisgtdata[Contact][yourname]         userPhone  thisgtdata[Contact][yourtelephone]         userEmail  thisgtdata[Contact][youremail]         userMessage  thisgtdata[Contact][yourquestion]          email  new CakeEmail         emailgtviewVarsarray                 userName gt userName,                 userPhone gt userPhone,                 userEmail gt userEmail,                 userMessage gt userMessage                  emailgtsubject.userName. has asked a question from the website         emailgttemplateexpert, standard             gtemailFormathtml             gttorecipientemailgmail.com             gtfrompostmanwebsite.co.uk, The Postman             gtsend          if emailgtsenduserMessage              thisgtSessiongtsetFlashThank you for contacting us                   else              thisgtSessiongtsetFlashMail Not Sent                 codepre  pAnd this is the code for the contact formp  precode        ltphp             echo thisgtFormgtcreateContact, arrayurl gt contactasktheexpert, class gt contact              echo thisgtFormgtinputyourname, array                 type gt text,                 label gt Your Name ltspan classstargtltspangt,                          echo thisgtFormgtinputyourtelephone, array                 type gt text,                 label gt Your Telephone,                          echo thisgtFormgtinputyouremail, array                 type gt text,                 label gt Your Email ltspan classstargtltspangt,                          echo thisgtFormgtinputyourquestionAnd , array                 type gt textarea,                 label gt Your Question ltspan classstargtltspangt,                          echo thisgtFormgtsubmit              echo thisgtFormgtend          gt codepre  pCheersp
Negative 802 pI would like to develop a WPF application which behaves like a book. There would be two pages and the user would be able to edit it.p  pI cannot use a FlowDocumentReader since it is not usereditable. I have also thought about using a moving richtextbox depending on the page that has the focus within a FlowDocument but it does not have the page break behavior when the text is too long I do not want a scroll bar like the FlowDocumentReader has.p  pHow could I achieve this p
Negative 802 pI am trying to dynamically display a list of products in two columns side by side and I am not sure how to do it with tablesp  pHere is my code that displays all products in one columnp  precode    productCount  sqlsrvnumrowsstmt  count the output amount columncount  0 dynamicList  lttable width744 border0 cellpadding6gtlttrgt whilerow  sqlsrvfetcharraystmt           id  row[productID]          productname  row[productname]          productprice  row[productprice]          dynamicList . lttd width135gtlta hrefproductdetails.phpproductID . id . gtltimg srcimagesproductsSmallMen . id . .jpg alt . productname .  width129 height169 border0gtltagtlttdgt lttd width593 valigntopgt . productname . ltbrgt    . productprice . ltbrgt   lta hrefproductdetails.phpproductID . id . gtView Product Detailsltagtlttdgt    ifcolumncount  2     dynamicList . lttrgtlttrgt     columncount  0   else     columncount     dynamicList . lttrgtlttablegt  ltphp echo dynamicList gtltbrgt codepre  pHow do I get my products to display in two columns instead of onep  pUpdated my post with the working solutionp
Negative 802 pI have the following line of code in my program which I took from the Forth edition of Stephen G. Kochans book Programming in ObjectiveCp  precode[fileManager createDirectoryAtPathDATABASEDIRECTORY attributesnil] codepre  pNote fileManager is my fm variable, and DATABASEDIRECTORY is a define of my path.p  pWhile it works perfectly fine Im running OSX 10.6.8, every time I compile I am reminded thatp  precodecreateDirectoryAtPathattributes is deprecated codepre  pIve looked over the reference document for the file manager, and it is a bit overwhelming for a newbie to Cocoa Programming.  Regardless, that particular method is no longer listed in the only filemanager reference docs I could find httpsdeveloper.apple.comlibrarymacdocumentationCarbonReferenceFileManagerReferencereference.html  It is not even listed as deprecated.  Its just not there at all.p  pClearly, it still works, but obviously the idea is to utilize a different and more modern way of creating a directory I noticed that the filemanager reference is a Carbon vs. Cocoa reference.  I have not tried running this on Lion yet to see if it still works.p  pIs there a direct replacement for this deprecated methodp  pIf not, is Apple trying to do away with path names and instead switch over to Unicode entirely Forgive me if Im a bit confused on this issue and terminology... I havent written code since the late 80s...  I have never really used Unicode for anything in the past so I wouldnt know where to begin.p  pIf anyone can recommend a good emcurrentem primer on Unicode andor programming code to readwrite files in Cocoa, it would be greatly appreciatedp
Negative 802 pI do not normally work with crystal, but I have spent nearly 2 days looking for a way to do this.  p  pThe problem is that I have a number of lines of text that need to show on a report, but need to cut off after 8 lines and show a more prompt to inform the user that they need to go look at the rest of the details online.  This was originally handled by storing the data as individual lines already wrap to size and counting the lines with a formula and conditionally showing a separate more field. They have since added the ability to use html to the text, but this made the current way of doing things wrap incorrectly and show the html mark up.p  pI wrote a database function to combine the text into a single field and use the HTML text interpretation to display it correctly on 7 other reports that do not limit the text length, and the max line count works great for limiting the text size, I just cant figure out how to show the more prompt when needed. p  pAny suggestions would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI am using JAXB to marshal out objects and current my console output differs from my generated XML file  p  pConsole  p  precodelt My awesome comment gt   ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt ltCatgt     ltnamegtTobyltnamegt ltCatgt codepre  pGenerated  p  precodeltCatgt     ltnamegtTobyltnamegt ltCatgt codepre  pI expect the output in the console to match what is generated within codeCat.xmlcode however this is not the case.  My question is what is incorrect in my approach to generate a correct codeCat.xmlcode Minimum functioning program belowp  precodepublic class CatDriver   public static void mainString[] args throws JAXBException, IOException,             ParserConfigurationException, TransformerException           Cat cat  new Cat         cat.setNameToby         JAXBContext context  JAXBContext.newInstanceCat.class          Marshaller m  context.createMarshaller         m.setPropertyMarshaller.JAXBFRAGMENT, Boolean.TRUE         m.setPropertyMarshaller.JAXBFORMATTEDOUTPUT, Boolean.TRUE         m.setProperty                 com.sun.xml.bind.xmlHeaders,                 lt My awesome comment                           gt n ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt         m.marshalcat, System.out         Writer w  null         try              w  new FileWriterCtestCat.xml             m.marshalcat, w           finally              try                  w.close              catch Exception e                               codepre  hr  precodeXmlRootElementname  Cat class Cat      private String name      public String getName          return name           public void setNameString name          this.name  name        codepre
Negative 802 pSo I have to make a flex program that matches numbers, floats, symbols, and comments. The regular expressions are in the file.p  pThe flex.l file a hrefhttppastebin.comiuJ8WW6m relnofollowhttppastebin.comiuJ8WW6map  pThe weird part is the output.p  pLets say Im giving itp  precode0 0.0 323 323.4 1.3.4  variable anothervariable  string  comment  69 codepre  pThis is the outputp  precodeNumber gt0lt Float gt0.0lt Number gt323lt Float gt323.4lt Float gt1.3lt Number gt4lt Symbol gtvariablelt ltbol gtanothervariable String gtstringlt ltment gtcomment Number gt69lt codepre  pWhy is the output at anothervariable like this ltbol anothervariable  I know some cc and for me this makes 0 sense.p  pSame goes for ltment commentp  pApparently it takes the 3 last character lt and places them on top of the first 3Com, But whyp  pIf i give it onlyp  precodecomment codepre  pThe output is Comment commentlt, As soon as I insert a new line after it, it messes up again. I also tried the same with printf and using ECHO, but the result is the same.p  pHelp, thanksp
Negative 802 pHow can we sftp a file from source host to a destinition server  in python by invoking unix shell commands in python script using os.system...Please helpp  precodeI have tried the following code  dstfilenamehi.txt hostabc.com usersa  os.systemecho cd tmp gtsample.txt os.systemecho put dstfilenames locals   line 2  os.systemecho bye gtgtsample.txt os.systemsftp B vartmpsample.txt usershosts   How to append this result of line to sample.txt os.systemecho put dstfilenames locals gtgtsample.txt  Seems this is syntatically not correct.  catgtsample.txt      should look like this cd tmp put vartmphi.txt bye  Any help  Thanks you codepre
Negative 802 pI want to create a windows phone 7 application using Isolated Storage. I have created two pages named as MainPage.xaml and Page1.xaml. In MainPage.xaml, ive created a button named as button1 and a textBox named as textBox1. In Page1.xaml, ive created a listbox named as listBox1. If i write something into the textBox1 and when i clicked on button1 which is in MainPage.xaml, i need the listBox1 to show all the contents, whatever i write into the textBox1 and also i need to save the contents which is in listBox1 to Isolated Storage. Can anyone help with this...Ive researched so many places regarding this. Thanks in advance for your hard workp
Negative 802 pG is giving me warnings about initpriority attributep  precodeg c o srccoreModuleManager.o Wall fPIC imacros .srcconfigsconfig.hpp O2 I.srcinclude  srccoreModuleManager.cpp srccoreModuleManager.cpp2729 warning requested initpriority is reserved for internal use codepre  pIs there a way to supress this specific warningp
Negative 802 precodecmdOutput  shellexecperl runsingletesthello.pl echo the command output  cmdOutput codepre  pThis causes the file codehello.plcode to execute and print hello world back to page. Butp  precodeshellexecperl runsingletesttestsinglerun.pl s testSuiteName t testName i time codepre  pdoes not get executed. I echoed the command to screen and ran it on terminal, the Perl script executed perfectly. codetestsinglerun.plcode creates a log file and copies a few files.p  pWhat am I missingp
Negative 802 pUsing FadeTo for an effect on my sites content rightpane. I have the opacity set to 0 on the element in my css filep  precoderightpane  fontfamily helvetica,Trebuchet MS,sansserif border 0 width 746px float left margin 0 padding 65px 0 0 position relative minheight 550px right 280px opacity 0   IE 8      msfilter progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alphaopacity0       IE 6,7  filter progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.Alphaopacity0  codepre  pand I am using a jquery function to fadeTop  precodedocument.readyfunctionsetTimeoutfunctionrightpane.fadeTo1500,1,750 codepre  pThe function seems to fadeTo the actual element rightpane but the all the other child elements are transparent opacity 0 and the fontface heading is distorted like it is doubled up or something. I know this is the problem because when I remove opacity 0 and the fadeTo function everything displays fine. Also even if the content is visible with no opacity set, but I run the fadeTo function the problem still occurs.p  pPlease note that I am using an actual version of IE8 on a old laptop to test and this does not occur when changing browser modes to test. This makes it quite hard to test if you dont have a similar set up.p  phere is a link to the test pagep  pa hrefhttpwww.diysoakwells.com.auindex.html relnofollowhttpwww.diysoakwells.com.auindex.htmlap  pOn every browser and version except IE8 it works fine.p  pPLease let me know if you need any more info.p  pAny ideas on how I can fix thisp  pRegards, Jamiep
Negative 802 pActually i came up with a problem which i havent faced from a long time. while doing project i usually see my package explorer amp editor screen side by side, but i dont know what the thing happened they are displaying one on above.  The following images explains the error..p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comr40cT.png altHow i want my screen to be...  p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com9qK9Q.png altBut it is displaying in this patternp  pcan anyone help me how to get my editor screen amp package explorer side by side......p
Negative 802 pI am making an iPhone app in which I have made a custom activity indicator class to show an activity indicator animating on another class, but my problem is that the activity indicator class get start animating but it doesnt get stop animating.p  pHere is the codep  precodecustomActivityView    [[ CustomActivityIndicatorView alloc] init]         customActivityView.view.center  self.view.center         [self.view addSubviewcustomActivityView.view]         [customActivityView.activityIndicator startAnimating]   is work fine to add a custom activity indicator and start animating  [customActivityView.activityIndicator stopAnimating]   but this line doesnt work  codepre
Negative 802 p1 I already have a Facebook Page for my product here a hrefhttpwww.facebook.comportfoliopro relnofollowhttpwww.facebook.comportfolioproa p  pPreviously my iPad app didnt integrate with Facebook. But in my next update it does and enables user to upload photos to Facebook.p  p2 So now I also have a Facebook App. ie Ive integrated Facebooks iOS SDK into my app and I have an app id.p  pRather than make a new Facebook community page for my app from scratch Id like to connect the Facebook App with the existing Facebook Page.p  pIs this possible I cant see how having looked through the settings for both the app and the page extensively.p
Negative 802 pAm using the physics engine box2dweb , my problam is that I have a body and I want to follow him , example my canvas width500px height500px and the body  coordination is 700,200 so I cant see him  so how to make him visible in my canvas  p
Negative 802 pFor some reason in internet explorer Im getting an error from jQuery.  IE says Unexpected call to method or property access. and then points me to following block of code in jQueryp  precodethis.nodeType1ampampthis.appendChilda codepre  pI put some breakpoints in to my javascript and it seems to happen on the call to fadeOut in the following functionp  precodefunction loadPageurl      leftcolumn.fadeOut200, function          leftcolumn.htmlltarticle classloadinggtltimg srcrootstyleiconsloading.gif gtltarticlegt.show         leftcolumn.loadurlajax leftcolumn, function             leftcolumn.fadeIn200                 codepre  pAny help would be much appreciated.  This script seems work fine in Chrome and Firefox but not in IEp  pOk and as requested heres a version a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net2Mz9X1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net2Mz9X1a If you click any of the links in IE, jQuery throws an exceptionp  pSeeing a full jquery file, it would seem the exceptions actually getting thrown by the html methodp
Negative 802 pCurrently I am using partials concept in my FW1 views these chunks of layout that can be reused by different views. They are prefixed with underscore for easier maintenance, but unlike the CFWheels these still can be used as implicit views which is not very good.p  pFor example, theres a directory structurep  precodeviewsmemberuser.cfm viewsmemberprofile.cfm viewsmemberregister.cfm codepre  pThis way actual user form is in the user.cfm and can be included to the two others using codeviewmemberusercode.p  pWhat I want is to prevent access to the pages like codemember.usercode on the website.p  pOne solution is to create the codeusercode method in codemember.cfccode controller and redirect user somewhere. But creating such methods for each partial is kinda inefficient approach.p  pAlternative to this would be parsing the coderc.actioncode in codebeforecode and checking if theres underscore in the prefix, but Im not sure this is clean solution.p  pIs it possible to disable the action throw 404 if theres no corresponding method in controller Or maybe there are some framework eventsflags which would allow me to handle missing method situation in codebeforecodep  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pCant seem to find anything on this except an Eclipse bug report in 2004 which I assume has been fixed.p  pWhile using Eclipse Galileo, I like to keep the LogCat in a Fast View to keep my screen clean and full of code. But I often have to switch back and forth between the code and the LogCat while chasing bugs. I have a nice keystroke set up to display the Fast View, but  does not dismiss this particular Fast View yes, it works on other Fast Views.p  pAny advice Moving the mouse and clicking on a piece of Eclipse that does not show the LogCat is the only way I know of dismissing this Fast Viewand since Im a keyboard programmer, this is not only a pain, but it really slows me down.p  pAnd now for 2000 words of information Heres a pic of my normal coding screen img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOgAES.jpg altenter image description herep  pAnd heres what it looks like with the LogCat img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comft1aS.jpg altenter image description herep  pThanks, sp
Negative 802 pI get the following error when I open MAMP a hrefhttpi.imgur.com8hqbi.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.com8hqbi.pngap  pI changed the password via the Terminal, and all seemed well. I then changed it in the three other relevant files. I then added MAMP to the PATH so the MySQL command would be recognized. It wasnt recognized still, so I rebooted, and now it works, yay.p  pBut when I type codemysql pcode and type in my password, it says Access denied.p  pWhy And what does the error meanp  pI should add that the start page loads fine.p
Negative 802 pHow to check if login user belongs to domain admin group in active directory If yes I want to show a control.  Any ideas pls..p
Negative 802 pIm trying to implement a method that fits a line to a set of points in 2D. I wrote the following code that reads the data from two Array X, Y coordinate  and should calculate the parameters of the best fitting line with the least squares method. I used the formulas given here a hrefhttpmathworld.wolfram.comLeastSquaresFitting.html relnofollowmathworld.wolframap  precode void linearRegressionOfUserAcceleration        double avgX  [[accelBufferX valueForKeyPathavg.doubleValue] doubleValue]      double avgY  [[accelBufferY valueForKeyPathavg.doubleValue] doubleValue]      int n  accelBufferX.count       double ssX, ssY, ssXY      ssX  ssY  ssXY  0      int i        Sum of squares X, Y amp XY      for i  0 i lt n i                ssX  pow[[accelBufferX objectAtIndexi] doubleValue],2          ssY  pow[[accelBufferY objectAtIndexi] doubleValue],2          ssXY  [[accelBufferX objectAtIndexi] doubleValue]  [[accelBufferY objectAtIndexi] doubleValue]             ssX  ssX  n  powavgX,2      ssY  ssY  n  powavgY,2      ssXY  ssXY  n  avgX  avgY        Best fit of line yi  a  b  xi       b  ssXY  ssX      a  avgY  b  avgX        Correlationcoefficent gives the quality of the estimate 1  perfect to 0  no fit      corCoeff  powssXY,2  ssX  ssY       NSLogn d, a f  b f  cor f  avgX f  avgY f  ssX f  ssY f  ssXY f, n, a, b, corCoeff, avgX, avgY, ssX, ssY, ssXY  codepre  pI get outputs like thisp  precode  n 15, a 0.095204  b 0.929245  cor 3.567163    avgX 0.017827  avgY 0.111770  ssX 2.176048  ssY 1.898429  ssXY 2.022081 codepre  pThe resulting line does not fit the data at all and although the corelationCoefficient is sometimes bigger than one, which IMHO should never happen if everything works correctly. p  pDoes anyone see any errors in my implementationp  pstrong EDIT strongp  pThis is the corrected code, following the tip from CRD.  I used this to extract the direction vector of the sampled userAcceleration in the horizontal plane between two steps, to get the step direction.p  pThis worked for mep  precode void linearRegressionOfUserAcceleration      NSUInteger n  accelBufferX.count     double ax, ay, sX, sY, ssX, ssY, ssXY, avgX, avgY       Sum of squares X, Y amp XY     for NSUInteger i  0 i lt n i              synchronizedself              ax  [[accelBufferX objectAtIndexi] doubleValue]             ay  [[accelBufferY objectAtIndexi] doubleValue]                  sX  ax         sY  ay         ssX  ax  ax         ssY  ay  ay         ssXY  ax  ay           avgX  sX  n     avgY  sY  n     radius  hypotavgX, avgY     ssX  ssX  n  avgX  avgX     ssY  ssY  n  avgY  avgY     ssXY  ssXY  n  avgX  avgY       Best fit of line yi  a  b  xi     b  ssXY  ssX     a  avgY  b  avgX     theta  atan21, b        Correlationcoefficent gives the quality of the estimate 1  perfect to 0  no fit     corCoeff  ssXY  ssXY  ssX  ssY      NSLogn d, a f  b f  cor f    avgX f  avgY f  ssX f  ssY f  ssXY f, n, a, b, corCoeff, avgX, avgY, ssX, ssY, ssXY  codepre
Negative 802 pApologies if this is a stupid question but it is quite hard to find using a search engine, but what does the  operator mean when used as a selectorp  pE.g.p  precodediv.forminput gt label.... codepre
Negative 802 pIm getting a very odd error using a basic shortcut method in python. It seems, unless Im being very stupid, I get different values for A  A  B, and A  B. Here is my codep  precodedef variancephi,sigma,numberOfIterations     variance  sigma     for k in range1,numberOfIterations         phik  np.linalg.matrixpowerphi,k         variance  variance  phiksigmaphik.T     return variance codepre  pThis basically just calculates the covariance of a vector autoregression. So forp  precodephi     np.matrix0.7 0.2 0.1 0.001 0.8 0.1 0.001 0.002 0.9 sigma   np.matrix0.07 0.01 0.001 0.01 0.05 0.004 0.001 0.004 0.01 codepre  pI getp  precodevariancephi,sigma,10   [[ 0.1825225   0.07054728  0.00430524]  [ 0.07054728  0.14837229  0.02659357]  [ 0.00430524  0.02659357  0.04657858]] codepre  pThis is correct I believe agrees with Matlab. Now if I change the line above to p  precodevariance  phiksigmaphik.T codepre  pI getp  precodevariancephi,sigma,10  [[ 0.34537165  0.20258329  0.04365378]  [ 0.20258329  0.33471052  0.1529369 ]  [ 0.04365378  0.1529369   0.19684553]] codepre  pWhats going onp  pMany thanksp  pDanp
Negative 802 pi use the protocol method in uiviewcontroller worked perfectly. but the same type of declaration in uitableviewcontroller does not work  but i got the error after declare the wepopoverDelgate in another view controller cannot find the protocol declration  Any one Help me  p  precodeprotocol WePopoverDelegateltNSObjectgt      required      voidshowNetworkIconswepopovercontroller wepopover  end weak idWepopoverDelegatedelegate codepre
Negative 802 pI have a problem with a Sender and a Server UDP. The codeSenderUDPcode sends an object and the codeServerUDPcode must receive it. For the first object all works fine, but when I try to send another object the server throws a codeStreamCorruptedExceptioncode. Here the client side codep  precodepublic class SenderUDP implements Runnable  private java.net.DatagramSocket clientsocket private ObjectOutputStream out private int port private InetAddress ip private Packet objToSend private ByteArrayOutputStream baos   public SenderUDPString ip, int port, Packet p throws UnknownHostException     this.ip InetAddress.getByNameip     this.port  port     this.objToSend  p     this.out  null     this.clientsocket  null   Override public void run     try         clientsocket  new DatagramSocket          System.out.printlnInside senderUDP         byte[] sendData                             baos  new ByteArrayOutputStream1024         out  new ObjectOutputStreambaos         out.writeObjectobjToSend         sendData  baos.toByteArray                    DatagramPacket sendpacket  new DatagramPacketsendData,sendData.length,ip,port                     clientsocket.sendsendpacket                          System.out.printlnSended packet with UDP         out.flush         ifthis.objToSend.getOP  1             byte[] buf  new byte[1024]                             int read             ByteArrayOutputStream bas  new ByteArrayOutputStreamintthis.objToSend.getFile.length                             FileInputStream fis  new FileInputStreamobjToSend.getFile             whileread  fis.readbuf  1                 bas.writebuf, 0, read                          DatagramPacket sendfile  new DatagramPacketbas.toByteArray, bas.toByteArray.length, ip, port             clientsocket.sendsendfile                             out.close                       catchUnknownHostException uhe          System.err.printlnuhe.getMessage          catchIOException ioe          System.err.printlnioe.getMessage       codepre  pp  pHere is the server side codep  precodeclass ServerUDP implements Runnable  private DatagramSocket socket private int port private Controller controller private byte[] buffer private DatagramPacket packet private Packet p private ObjectInputStream ois  public ServerUDPint port, Controller controller     this.socket  null     this.port  port     this.controller  controller   Override public void run      try              socket  new DatagramSocketport          catch SocketException ex              Logger.getLoggerServerUDP.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex              whiletrue                        buffer  new byte[1000000]         packet  new DatagramPacketbuffer,buffer.length         System.out.printlnAscolto UDP         try                              socket.receivepacket             System.out.printlnpacket             System.out.println1          catch IOException ex              Logger.getLoggerServerUDP.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                  System.out.printlnPacket UDP Received         try              ois  new ObjectInputStreamnew ByteArrayInputStreambuffer          catch IOException ex              Logger.getLoggerServerUDP.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                  try              p  Packet ois.readObject             System.out.printlnPacchettoEvento arrivato con UDP             System.out.printlnp          catch IOException  ClassNotFoundException ex              Logger.getLoggerServerUDP.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                  ifp.getOP  1             Thread t  new Threadnew FilesManagersocket,p,false, controller             t.start                  controller.enqueuep         try              ois.close          catch IOException ex              Logger.getLoggerServerUDP.class.getName.logLevel.SEVERE, null, ex                codepre  p    p  pThe codeStreamCorruptedExceptioncode is thrown byp  precodeois  new ObjectInputStreamnew ByteArrayInputStreambuffer codepre  pandp  precodep  Packet ois.readObject codepre  pThanks p
Negative 802 pI want to merge four separate PDF uploads contents and keep them in database as binary format.p
Negative 802 pI have a .csv file that, for simplicity, is two fields ID and comments. The rows of ids are duplicated where each comment field had met max char from whatever table it was generated from and another row was necessary. I now need to merge associative comments together thus creating one row for each unique ID, using Ruby.p  pTo illustrate, Im trying in Ruby, to make thisp  pID  COMMENTbr  1   fragment 1br  1   fragment 2br  2   fragment 1br  3   fragment 1br  3   fragment 2br  3   fragment 3br p  pinto thisp  pID  COMMENTbr  1   fragment 1 fragment 2br  2   fragment 1br  3   fragment 1 fragment 2 fragment 3br p  pIve come close to finding a way to do this using inject and hashmap, but still working on getting all data merged correctly. Meanwhile seems my code is getting too complicated with multiple hashes and arrays just to do a merge on selective rows.p  pWhats the bestsimplest way to achieve this type of row merge Could it be done with just arrays p  pWould appreciate advice on how one would normally do this in Ruby.p
Negative 802 pI am using Apache Hadoop hadoop0.20.203.0 and unable to set sticky bit for tmp directory in hdfs. My intention is to set its permission as 1777.p  precodehadoop dfs chmod 1777 tmp chmod chmod  mode 1777 does not match the expected pattern. codepre
Negative 802 pI call startMonitoringSignificantLocationChanges in location manager init. p  pI expect that if there is a location event didFinishLaunchingWithOptions will be launched and execute the following code. including background mode and if app was terminated  p  pstrongThe app freezesstrong black screen when i try to launch it after a few hours in the background in different location p  pProbably im doing something wrong when i get a location event. I would appreciate if someone has an idea whats the problem.p  pBy the way, there is no way to simulate this kind of location event but physically move to a different location with different cell tower. is there ... p  pLocationController.m  p  precode idinit      self  [super init]     if self  nil          self.locationManager  [[[CLLocationManager alloc] init] autorelease]         self.locationManager.delegate  self         self.locationManager.desiredAccuracy  kCLLocationAccuracyNearestTenMeters         [self.locationManager startUpdatingLocation]         [self.locationManager startMonitoringSignificantLocationChanges]         [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval10 targetself selectorselectorstop userInfonil repeatsNO]          return self  appdelegate.m    BOOLapplicationUIApplication application didFinishLaunchingWithOptionsNSDictionary launchOptions          id locationValue  [launchOptions objectForKeyUIApplicationLaunchOptionsLocationKey]     if locationValue              [[LocationController sharedInstance] startMonitoringSignificantLocationChanges]         UIApplication app   [UIApplication sharedApplication]         bgTask  [app beginBackgroundTaskWithExpirationHandler              [app endBackgroundTaskbgTask]              bgTask  UIBackgroundTaskInvalid             ]         [self updateLocationService]         return YES        void updateLocationService      [[LocationController sharedInstance] start]     [NSTimer scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval2 targetself selectorselectorstop userInfonil repeatsNO]       void stop      [[LocationController sharedInstance] stop]  codepre  pThank youp
Negative 802 pBasically, I have a codeSemanticZoomcode control with a codeGridViewcode inside it, and the codeGridViewcode has a custom control inside it, but for simplicity, lets assume its a simple red codeBordercode. The problem is that Im trying to handle the Borders manipulation when scaling set codeManipulationModecode to codeScalecode so that I can know when the user does a pinch out gesture and Zoom In into the Border which is really another page, but by handling the Manipulation, I lose the ability to 1 use the SemanticZoom and 2 Scrolling the grid.p  pIf you have used the Windows 8 photo app, youll notice that they implement this feature somehow. If you pinch in into an image, the Page will go into SemanticZoom, but if you pinch out it will go into full screen mode. I want similar functionality, but I dont know how to achieve it.p  pAny ideasp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pThis is a project for a client and he wants it to use TouchesBeganMovedEnded instead of gestures, because it has to be compatible with iOS 3.0 and 3.1 too and gestures are iOS  3.2.p  pI have to detect single tap and long tap on a custom element that is a kind of tableView with elements we call cells.p  pThe rules I have to follow arep  ul liA single tap has to fire a method 0.1 seconds later lets call it cellTappedli liIf the control is scrolled before it is time to execute cellTapped, cancel cellTapped executionli liIf a Long Tap is detected instead, run the longTap method not cellTappedli ul  pThis is what I have in TouchesBeganp  precode voidtouchesBeganNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event    self.isScrolling  NO     if single tap detected, fire method within 0.1 seconds   if [self elementIsTappedtouches]               [self performSelectorselectorcellTapped                    withObjectnil                    afterDelay0.1]        voidtouchesMovedNSSet touches withEventUIEvent event     if self.isScrolling  NO           started scrolling, cancel single tap method that was about to be executed          [NSObject cancelPreviousPerformRequestsWithTargetself                                                   selectorselectorcellTapped                                                    objectnil]         self.isScrolling  YES     codepre  pHow do I add long tap detection to this logic thanksp
Negative 802 pHow do I get the latlong of point X which is 1KM north to latlong point Y such as 39.777012,105.068951p  pIn Java CODE please No external links I dont read math. Thanks..p
Negative 802 pI have some function where I need to pass a point datatype .p  precodesomefuncUnited States,Point85.327892 27.703744 codepre  pBut I am getting error with this. p  precodeERROR syntax error at or near 27.703744 SQL state 42601 Character 1192 codepre
Negative 802 pI have looked into various ways of encrypting sqllite databases such as symmetric and asymmetric key cryptography, ciphers and hashs, but I am clueless of which would be the best to use to encrypt many sqllite databases for the flash builder  android application I am making.p  pThe process is that a client can make many databases locally specified by the company I am working for. For each of the databases I need to stop the user from accessing the databases from outside the app. Ive managed to do this using  SqlConn.openEncrypt... Therefore I encrypt the database to stop the user from accessing it.p  pAny ideas on the best way i.e. what method to use to create the key to encrypt with, the encryption key must be a byte array and equal to 16 bits in length.p  pWhen the user finalizes one of the databases, i.e. selects the database on the app, I wish for them to upload it to a server, where they can decrypt the database and manipulate the data accordingly.p  pMy question is, how can I successfully make a key within the app, transfer it once uploaded and decrypt it using php What methods would workp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI have a WPF application, after closing the app its process codeapp.exe 32code is still running in the processes list in task manager.p  pI need this to close as when I make an edit to my code I get the following error p  precodeUnable to copy file objx86ReleasefrontEndTest.exe to binReleaseapp.exe. The process cannot access the file binReleaseapp.exe because it is being used by another process. codepre  pI am aware that this sort of question has been asked before a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2895898visualstudiobuildfailsunabletocopyexefilefromobjdebugtobindebughere.ap  pHowever the solution did not work for me by changing my codeAssembly.cscode to p  precode[assembly AssemblyVersion2.0.0] [assembly AssemblyFileVersion2.0.0] codepre  pI thought that perhaps if I were to find the codeWindow closedcode event and puttting something like  codeProcess.GetCurrentProcess.Killcode in the event so that when a user closed the application from the red codexcode button in the top right of the form this would perhaps kill the process p
Negative 802 pCan you please give me a clue how to do this I have a codeDropDownListcode, that codeDropDownListcode is filled with codeListItemscode. After the codeDropDownListcode, theres a codeButtoncode called emADD NEWem. When the button is clicked, a popup opened. If an item is not in the codeDropDownListcode, I wanted to add it. In popup box window theres a codeTextBoxcode and add codeButtoncode.p  pBasically, If an item is not in codeDropDownlistcode I want to add it by clicking the emADD NEWem button.p
Negative 802 pJQueryui will generate a div with a calendardiv class. Sadly this div is no child element from my origin div. So if i have multiple Divs, i cant get the calendardiv which belongs to the origin datepickerfield.p  pI would like to hide this div by JavaScript code. Are there posibilities to get the objects of de generated divsp
Negative 802 pI have a pre registering system with these tablesp  ol liStudentInfo li liCourses li liDepartmentsli liSystemAdmin li liRegisteredCoursesCompletely li liRegisteredCoursesIncompleteli ol  pAfter creating a login using a stored procedure I need to show the courses that are related to a particular codedep idcode. I did it. After that I needed students to be able to choose every course and then add it to a table and this is where the problems began...p  pI have two kinds of buttons. One of them is codeRegistered Completelycode it means user never can go back and changes the courses I did it but the second one is codeRegistered Incompletelycode it means user can go back and see what heshe chose and then uncheck it or check something else.p  p I want to do this in this way if heshe go back I want to show them all courses that related to them with courses that they chose before I mean the checkbox that consisted of data that user checked in the first time. Also show courses that not have been checked yet. All of them in a one grid view. p  pPlease help me. I do everything that my lecture needs but this part that i try to solve it is a little tricky. I used to session and then save the index of the grid view that user checked and then insert it to database but you know more than 20 units user can choose and how do it please explain it with complete code.p
Negative 802 pIm reading Learning Rails 3.  In the section on JavaScript it says to rename your file from .js.coffee to just .js if you want to use JavaScript instead of CoffeeScript.  Well I did that and the JavaScript doesnt work.  When I converted the JavaScript to CoffeeScript and renamed the source file back to .js.coffee, everything works fine.p  pany ideas mikep
Negative 802 pI wonder how dynamically typed languages behave when they found a matching case label. Will it continue evaluating the other label values that it hasnt yet compared to find duplicate case labels or type errors.p  pHow do common dynamically typed languages behave therep
Negative 802 pI am going to implement routing feature in my asp.net4.0 application and following the given linkp  pa hrefhttpweblogs.asp.netscottguarchive20091013urlroutingwithaspnet4webformsvs2010andnet40series.aspx relnofollowstrongURLRoutingstrongap  pThis is fine if an application has limited no. of pages but my application has lots of pages. so i have to write code [ routes.MapPageRoute,, ] many times. Can we map all pages by looping through any collection classes or by any other method.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIm trying to create a form in winforms to add records to a db, a new customer for example. Im working with entity framework.p  pWhat I did until today is to create a new empty Customer object from the class that the entity framework generated. Then I added this empty object to a list and set the list as the datasource of a datagridview. p  pThat way I automatically had in the grid all the required fields to input to the db. Everything worked.p  pBut now, the client wants a better design for the UI  something that looks like a contact form in web pages and not a grid row.p  pHow can I make something like that automatically, like I had with the datagridview, creating all the input fields automatically according to the db structure without creating manually labels and textboxesp
Negative 802 pWhen I try to create an Inherited Form for a Windows CE application in Visual Studio 2008, I get the error messagep  pThe designer could not be shown for this file because none of the classes within it can be designed. The designer inspected the following classes in the file TestForm  The base class InheritanceTest.BaseForm could not be loaded. Ensure the assembly has been referenced and that all projects have been built.p  pVisual Studio 2008, Version 9.0.30729.1 SPbr Microsoft .NET Framework Version 3.5 SP1.p  pI can get the problem without writing any code at all, and without customising the form in any way. It doesnt make a difference whether the BaseForm is in the same project or in a separate class library. The project compiles ok, the problem is with viewing the inherited form in the designer. It occurs on both of my computers. Im using C.p  pProcedure to get the problembr File  New Project  Windows C  Smart Device  CeInheritanceTest .Net Framework 3.5br Target Platform  Windows CE  Device Applicationbr Add  New Item  Visual C Items  Windows Forms  Windows Form  BaseFormbr Build Solutionbr Add  New Item  Visual C Items  Windows Forms  Inherited Form  TestFormbr   inherit from BaseFormp  pIf I do the same thing for a normal desktop app, form inheritance works no problem.p  pFrom searching the web for this problem, it looks like others are getting form inheritance to work using the compact framework, so I must be missing something.p  pI have not written or modified any code, so the base class is not abstract, and I am not using PInvoke.p  pAny suggestionsp
Negative 802 pI have a CSV file in which every column contains unnecessary spacesor tabs after the actual value. I want to create a new CSV file removing all the spaces using bash. p  pFor examplep  pOne line in input CSV filep  precodeabc def pqr             valueXYZ              value PQR              value4 codepre  psame line in output csv file should bep  precodeabc def pqrvalueXYZvalue PQRvalue4 codepre  pI tried using awk to trim each column but it didnt work. Can anyone please help me on this p  pThanks in advance p  pI edited my test case, since the values here can contain spaces.p
Negative 802 pIm writing a CMIS interface for my application.  This interface returns a cmisdocument object as a child of a cmisfolder object. Here is a part of xml output a hrefhttppastebin.comTa6QEHLN relnofollowhttppastebin.comTa6QEHLNap  pThe cmisdocument object has a cmisparentId property. Now Id like to validate the cmisdocument object with the apache chemistry workbenchhttpchemistry.apache.orgjavadownload.html. p  pThe the workbench tool tells me Property cmisparentId is only defined for folders.p  pWhy is this property not allowed for a document How can a document reference its parentp  pThank youp
Negative 802 pIve never actually have got a stack overflow error before, and Ive also never used display lists. For some reason, it is giving me a stack overflow error. If I implement this by just putting all the polys in the display function, it runs slowly but fine. As soon as I add the display list, however, it immediately goes to a stack overflow.p  pHere is the function with the listp  precode  Floor. Blocks of 4x4 static void hhfloorvoid        hhobjects[0]  glGenLists1      glNewListhhobjects[0],GLCOMPILE     glColor4f1,1,1,1      double mul  2.0num     int i, j     float white[]  1,1,1,1     float Emission[]   0.0,0.0,0.01emission,1.0     textures[0]  LoadTexBMPtexturesfloor1.bmp     glMaterialfvGLFRONTANDBACK,GLSHININESS,shinyvec     glMaterialfvGLFRONTANDBACK,GLSPECULAR,white     glMaterialfvGLFRONTANDBACK,GLEMISSION,Emission     glEnableGLTEXTURE2D     glTexEnviGLTEXTUREENV,GLTEXTUREENVMODE,GLMODULATE     glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D,textures[0]     glBeginGLQUADS     glNormal3f0,1,0     for i0iltnumi         for j0jltnumj                  glTexCoord2dmuli0,mulj0glVertex3d2muli02,0,2mulj02         glTexCoord2dmuli1,mulj0glVertex3d2muli12,0,2mulj02         glTexCoord2dmuli1,mulj1glVertex3d2muli12,0,2mulj12         glTexCoord2dmuli0,mulj1glVertex3d2muli02,0,2mulj12              glEnd     glDisableGLTEXTURE2D     glEndList  codepre  pHere is the call in the display functionp  precodeint a,b  float floorlist[16][3]   0,0,0,0,0,4,0,0,8,0,0,12,0,0,16, 4,0,8,8,0,8,12,0,8, 8,0,0,8,0,4,12,0,0,12,0,4, 4,0,16,8,0,16,4,0,20,8,0,20  glPushMatrix fora0alt16a      glPushMatrix     glTranslatedfloorlist[a][0],floorlist[a][1],floorlist[a][2]     glCallListhhobjects[0]     glPopMatrix  codepre
Negative 802 pI have a UserControl which overrides the OnRenderMethod as followp  pMyUsercontrol.csp  precodeMyUserControl UserControl      protected override void OnRenderDrawingContext dc             dc.DrawRectangleBrushes.White, new PenBrushes.Black,1, new Rect0,10,50,30         var visualBrush  new VisualBrushnew UserControl1Height30, Width50                   dc.DrawGeometryvisualBrush, null, new RectangleGeometrynew Rect50,10,50,30                  codepre  pThe UserControl used above looks like this defined in xaml, without additional codebehind codep  precodeltUserControl xClassVisualBrushExample.UserControl1 ...gt ltGridgt    ltBorder BorderThickness1 BorderBrushBlack BackgroundWhite CornerRadius8,0,0,8gt ltGridgt ltUserControlgt codepre  pNow if I use MyUserControl I get following outputp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comkDTz0.png altexample of created output with MyUserControlp  pMy question now is, if there exists a way how I can use UserControl1 in the OnRender method without get this transparent border around the UserControl1Rectangle.p  pThanks in advance, rhe1980p
Negative 802 pMy views.py file code   p  precodeusrbinpython   from django.template import loader, RequestContext from django.http import HttpResponse from skey import findroottags, count, sortinglist from search.models import Keywords from django.shortcuts import rendertoresponse as rr  def frontpagerequest      if request.method  POST          from skey import findroottags, count, sortinglist         str1  request.POST[word]          fo  openhomepoojaDesktopxml.txt,r          for i in rangecount.len              file  fo.readline             file  file.rstripn             findroottagsfile,str1,i               list.appendfile,count[i]          sortinglistlist          for name, count1 in list             s  Keywordsfilenamename,frequencycountcount1             s.save          fo.close          list1  Keywords.objects.all         t  loader.gettemplatesearchresults.html         c  RequestContextlist1list1,                   return HttpResponset.renderc      else            str1           list  []         template  loader.gettemplatesearchfrontpage.html         c  RequestContextrequest         response  template.renderc         return HttpResponseresponse codepre  pthe variable file that Im sending in function codefindroottagsfile,str1,icode has a xml files name. This file is present on my desktop, and this code is written in views.py file of my django app, so it is unable to open that file. How can I open that file because xml.txt contains similar filenames that are to be read and then opened. In short, how can I send the file argument asp  precodefile1  homepoojaDesktopltfilenamegt codepre  phere codeltfilenamegtcode equals the value stored in variable codefilecode and finall able to call it asp  precodefindroottagsfile1, str1, i codepre  pp  pclarification p  p1 please refer to the variable file in which you can see that Im storing the read content of xml.txt.p  p2xml.txt contains xml filenames. The views.py file is the part of django apps which is unable to open these files since they are present on desktop.p  p3 my question is how to modify and send the file variable containing filename appended with its absolute path which isp  precodehomepoojaDesktopfilename codepre  pby doing this it will open the files present on the Desktop.p
Negative 802 pOk. I am setting up a website and hosting it for an organization www.enfieldsdachurch.com.p  pI have an asp.net page www.enfieldsdachurch.comsermons.aspx and Id like to remove the .aspx file extension so that the webaddress is www.enfieldsdachurch.comsermons.p  pFor all the other pages htmlphp I am using URL rewrite rules to remove the extension, however whenever I try to do it for the aspnet page I keep on getting a 403Forbidden Error.p  pI have made sure that the sermons.aspx has full readwrite control etc.p  pCould someone please point me in the right directionp  pI am no expert and this, but Im willing to learn and I appreciate any help that you can provide me.p  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pI dont want to set the default format for every resource, but instead just set it for all of them in 1 go. Is this possiblep
Negative 802 pIm trying to prevent Jquery Mobile initialization until after the page content has been loaded, but Im not getting the desired result. The project is a simple QuestionAnswer quiz. In my HTML document I have 3 containers div[datarolepage]p  precodediv[datarolepage]pgtitle div[datarolepage]q0 div[datarolepage]result codepre  pMy document.ready parses an external JSON file to load the content to these pages, duplicated q0 to the number of questions in the quiz. The end result is something likep  precodediv[datarolepage]pgtitle div[datarolepage]q0 div[datarolepage]q1 div[datarolepage]q2 div[datarolepage]q3 div[datarolepage]q4 div[datarolepage]result codepre  pIn my document head, I havep  precodeltscriptgt     document.bindmobileinit, function           .mobile.autoInitializePage  false      ltscriptgt ltscript srcjsquiz.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srchttpcode.jquery.commobile1.1.0jquery.mobile1.1.0.min.jsgtltscriptgt  codepre  pa hrefhttpjquerymobile.comdemos1.1.0docsapiglobalconfig.html relnofollowhttpjquerymobile.comdemos1.1.0docsapiglobalconfig.htmla says to configure settings before Jquery Mobile is loaded, which I had done. At the end of quiz.js I have the call to initialize the pagep  precodedocument.readyfunction       ... all the code to load JSON quiz content is here      .mobile.initializePage   codepre  pMy problem is that when I proceed from the title page to the first question page, I see all of the questions rending at the same time. The rendered HTML looks like thisp  precodeltdiv datarolepage idq0 classpgtypequestion uipage uibodyc uipageactive datatitleQuiz Title dataurlq0 tabindex0 styleminheight 826px gt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq1 classpgtypequestion uipage uibodyc uipageactive datatitleQuiz Title dataurlq0 tabindex0 styleminheight 826px gt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq2 classpgtypequestion uipage uibodyc uipageactive datatitleQuiz Title dataurlq0 tabindex0 styleminheight 826px gt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq3 classpgtypequestion uipage uibodyc uipageactive datatitleQuiz Title dataurlq0 tabindex0 styleminheight 826px gt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq4 classpgtypequestion uipage uibodyc uipageactive datatitleQuiz Title dataurlq0 tabindex0 styleminheight 826px gt...ltdivgt codepre  pAfter document.ready but before mobile.initializePage is called the HTML renders asp  precodeltdiv datarolepage idq1 classpgtypequestion datatitleQuiz Titlegt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq2 classpgtypequestion datatitleQuiz Titlegt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq3 classpgtypequestion datatitleQuiz Titlegt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq4 classpgtypequestion datatitleQuiz Titlegt...ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idq5 classpgtypequestion datatitleQuiz Titlegt...ltdivgt codepre  pI dont understand why every question page is becoming active with a dataurl of q0.p  pThanks in advance for your helpp
Negative 802 pUsing mysqli, I can get information about fields like sop  precodefield  mysqlifetchfielddirectresult, fieldCount codepre  pand I can get the field flags from the result usingp  precodefieldgtflags codepre  pThe PHP manual says that this returns An integer representing the bitflags for the field. but thats all the info I can find. How can I interpret the bit flags So far, Ive worked out thatp  pIntegers length of field doesnt matter return the following bit flags depending on the attributes specifiedp  precodeprimary key 49967 primary amp unique 53255 unique key 53251 foreign key 53257 unique amp index 53259 Auto increment 49675 codepre  pThanks for any help you can offerp
Negative 802 pUsing oracle 9i with SQL developerp  pCan someone show me how to use the rate value for most recent date if there is no date is in table 2. Currently I have hard coded June 4 Monday to use Thursdays rate as there is no rate of June 4th. Weekend was the easy part.  But I want to do this without having to manually hard code the holiday dates.  Can someone helpp  precodeselect  m.effectivedate,  m.valueal.rate  from table1 m, table2 al where   M.ID  al.ID  AND M.EFFECTIVEDATE BETWEEN 01jun12 and 30jun12 and AL.valuedate  m.EFFECTIVEdate       case      when m.EFFECTIVEdate  04jun12 then 3 when tocharm.EFFECTIVEdate,DY  SUN then 2   when tocharm.EFFECTIVEdate,DY  SAT then 1   ELSE 0   end    table1   Effectivedate         Value 06012012            100 06022012            200 06032012            600 06042012           600  All the way to 06302012      Table 2 does not have weekends and some dates depending on UK holiday  Valuedate           Rate 06012012           1.2 06052012            1.5 06062012            5.3 06072012            1.5 06082012            5.6 06112012            1.5 06122012             1.9 06132012             2.1 codepre
Negative 802 pplease help me with this mapping issue Im using Hibernate 3.6.p  pI have these tables p  precodeCREATE  TABLE Towers    Id INT NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT ,   Name VARCHAR5 NOT NULL ,   PRIMARY KEY Id  CREATE  TABLE LineOfBusiness    Id INT NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   Name VARCHAR15 NOT NULL ,   PRIMARY KEY Id  CREATE  TABLE LineOfBusinessXTowers    LineOfBusinessId INT NOT NULL ,   TowerId INT NOT NULL ,   PRIMARY KEY LineOfBusinessId, TowerId  CREATE  TABLE IF NOT EXISTS Departments    Code INT NOT NULL ,   LineOfBusinessId INT NOT NULL ,   TowerId INT NOT NULL ,   PRIMARY KEY Code  ALTER TABLE LineOfBusinessXTowers   ADD CONSTRAINT FKLineOfBusinessXTowersLineOfBusiness     FOREIGN KEY LineOfBusinessId     REFERENCES LineOfBusiness Id     ON DELETE NO ACTION     ON UPDATE NO ACTION,   ADD CONSTRAINT FKLineOfBusinessXTowersTowers     FOREIGN KEY TowerId     REFERENCES Towers Id     ON DELETE NO ACTION     ON UPDATE NO ACTION  ALTER TABLE Departments   ADD CONSTRAINT FKDepartmentsLineOfBusinessXTowers     FOREIGN KEY LineOfBusinessId, TowerId     REFERENCES LineOfBusinessXTowers LineOfBusinessId,TowerId     ON DELETE NO ACTION     ON UPDATE NO ACTION codepre  pIn the Hibernate mapping classes Id like to have a Department class that have the correspondig Tower and LineOfBusiness objectsp  precodepublic class Departments          private int code    private String name    private LineOfBusiness lineOfBusiness    private Towers tower         Constructors and access methods here  codepre  pI was trying to do the mapping this way, but is wrongp  precodelthibernatemappinggt    ltclass nameDepartments tableDepartments catalogDBgt       ltid namecode typeintgt          ltcolumn nameCode gt          ltgenerator classassigned gt       ltidgt       ltproperty namename typestringgt          ltcolumn nameName length45 notnulltrue uniquetrue gt       ltpropertygt        ltjoin tableLineOfBusinessXTowers optionalfalsegt          ltkey columnLineOfBusinessId uniquefalse gt          ltmanytoone namelineOfBusiness             classLineOfBusinessgt             ltcolumn nameLineOfBusinessId notnulltrue gt          ltmanytoonegt       ltjoingt       ltjoin tableLineOfBusinessXTowers optionalfalsegt          ltkey columnTowerId uniquefalse gt          ltmanytoone nametowers classTowersgt             ltcolumn nameTowerId notnulltrue gt          ltmanytoonegt       ltjoingt    ltclassgt lthibernatemappinggt codepre  pWhich would be the correct mapping to do what I want to Can It be done Is there another better strategyp  pThank to you so much.p  pAtte Edgarp
Negative 802 pI followed a tutorial on writing a basic web crawler in Java and have got something with basic functionality.p  pAt the moment it just retrieves the HTML from the site and prints it to the console. I was hoping to extend it so it can filter out specifics like the HTML page title and the HTTP status codep  pI found this library a hrefhttphtmlparser.sourceforge.net relnofollowhttphtmlparser.sourceforge.neta ... which I think might be able to do the job for me but could I do it without using an external libraryp  pHeres what I have so farp  precodepublic static void mainString[] args        String representing the URL     String input         Check if argument added at command line     if args.length gt 1          input  args[0]            If no argument at command line use default     else          input  httpwww.mysite.com         System.out.printlnnNo argument entered so default of   input                   used n           input test URL and read from file input stream     try           testURL  new URLinput         BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew InputStreamReader                 testURL.openStream           String variable to hold the returned content         String line             print content to console until no new lines of content         while line  reader.readLine  null              System.out.printlnline               catch Exception e           e.printStackTrace         System.out.printlnException thrown       codepre
Negative 802 pI created an array of images and animated them usingp  precodeimageview.animationImages  images  imageview.animationDuration  1  imageview.animationRepeatCount  1  [imageview startAnimating] codepre  pHere codeimageviewcode is a pointer to UIImageView object and codeimagescode is the array. I am using a round rect button to fire the animation. When I run the animation for the first time after the simulator opens...the animation does not synchronize with the sound but after using it once when I press the button again it does. Any idea why I am using system sound API to play short sound. I create an codeidcode for the sound and then play it usingp  precodeAudioServicesPlaySystemSoundsoundID codepre  pMy guess is that when I fire the animation for the first time, simulator takes some time to process the images Im using and build the array. I am using 45 images in total. So as a consequence the sound stays ahead of the animated images. But when I try it again, the images are already processed so animation and sound, both are synchronized. But this is just a guess. I dont know what to do about this. If you wanna take a look at the whole code here it isp  precodeIBActionbtnclickedidsender       NSMutableArray images  [[NSMutableArray alloc]init] all alloc does is allocate memory. The init method is crucial to actually initialize the object into a working state.     for int imagenumber  1 imagenumber lt 45 imagenumber          NSMutableString myString  [NSMutableString stringWithFormati.png, imagenumber]         [images addObject[UIImage imageNamedmyString]]          CGRect frame  CGRectMake0.0, 0.0, 320, 460     UIImageView imageview  [[UIImageView alloc] initWithFrameframe]     imageview.contentMode  UIViewContentModeScaleToFill     imageview.animationImages  images      imageview.animationDuration  3.2      imageview.animationRepeatCount  1      [imageview startAnimating]      [self.view addSubviewimageview]      AudioServicesDisposeSystemSoundIDsoundID     NSString path  [[NSBundle mainBundle] pathForResourcegiggity stick around ofTypewav]     NSURL url  [NSURL fileURLWithPathpath]     AudioServicesCreateSystemSoundIDCFURLRefurl, ampsoundID     AudioServicesPlaySystemSoundsoundID     [imageview release]   codepre  pJust to avoid any confusion...my images are named 1.png, 2.png and so on thats why I used iteration when building an array.p
Negative 802 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comnPLz8.png altenter image description herep  pI have a sprite that moves along a vector 0.7,0.3. I have another point whose coordinates I have  lets call them xByB. Now, quite some time ago I learned to calculate the perpendicular distance from a vector to a point first formula on this page a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiPerpendiculardistance relnofollowhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiPerpendiculardistancea. However I tried it, and if I log it, it returns an unbelievably high value that is 100 false. So what do I do wrong  Have a look at the image I provided.  p  pstrongincomingVector  0.7,0.3strong this is the vector the sprite is moving along p  pstrongbh.positionstrong is the point I want to calculate the distance top  pHere is the code p  precode         first I am working out the c Value in the formula in the link given above         CGPoint pointFromVector  CGPointMakebh.incomingVector.xtheSprite.position.x,bh.incomingVector.ytheSprite.position.y         float result  pointFromVector.x  pointFromVector.y         float result2  1result          now I use the formula         float test  bh.incomingVector.x  bh.position.x  bh.incomingVector.y  bh.position.y  result2sqrtpowbh.incomingVector.x, 2powbh.incomingVector.y, 2          the distance has to be positive, so I do the following         iftest lt 0             test  1          codepre
Negative 802 pIs there a way to suppress the toggled signals that is emitted when you set the state of a ToggleButton with setactivep  pI want to represent a connection state with a GtkToggleButton. Since the state can change from other events than just clicking the button, I want to update the button on statechange signals, but I would like the signal not to be emitted I dont need to run a disconnection procedure when it is already disconnected. I could just check the connection state, but it seems to be inconsistent around the time of the signal.p  pOther solutions than ToggleButtons are also welcome.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIve created a new XText project with a single xtext file defining the grammar, and without changing any other files in the project. The grammar I defined took about 150 lines and when trying to generate language infrastructure everything went smoothly, but then I expanded it a bit and now that infrastructure generation fails onp  precode460476 [main] ERROR mf.mwe2.launch.runtime.Mwe2Launcher   Java heap space java.lang.OutOfMemoryError Java heap space     at java.util.ArrayList.iteratorUnknown Source     at org.eclipse.xtext.util.formallang.PdaUtilTraversalItem.ltinitgtPdaUtil.java247     at org.eclipse.xtext.util.formallang.PdaUtil.newItemPdaUtil.java531     at org.eclipse.xtext.util.formallang.PdaUtil.filterEdgesPdaUtil.java451     at org.eclipse.xtext.serializer.analysis.ContextTypePDAProvider.createPDAContextTypePDAProvider.java178     at org.eclipse.xtext.serializer.analysis.ContextTypePDAProvider.getContextTypePDAContextTypePDAProvider.java188     at org.eclipse.xtext.serializer.analysis.SyntacticSequencerPDAProvider.getPDASyntacticSequencerPDAProvider.java604     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.serializer.SyntacticSequencerUtil.getAllPDAsSyntacticSequencerUtil.java59     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.serializer.SyntacticSequencerUtil.getAllAmbiguousTransitionsSyntacticSequencerUtil.java79     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.serializer.SyntacticSequencerUtil.getAllAmbiguousTransitionsBySyntaxSyntacticSequencerUtil.java90     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.serializer.AbstractSyntacticSequencer.getFileContentsAbstractSyntacticSequencer.java95     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.serializer.SerializerFragment.generateSerializerFragment.java97     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.Xtend2GeneratorFragment.generateXtend2GeneratorFragment.java66     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.Xtend2GeneratorFragment.generateXtend2GeneratorFragment.java59     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.CompositeGeneratorFragment.generateCompositeGeneratorFragment.java92     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.LanguageConfig.generateLanguageConfig.java113     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.Generator.generateGenerator.java361     at org.eclipse.xtext.generator.Generator.invokeInternalGenerator.java128     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe.core.lib.AbstractWorkflowComponent.invokeAbstractWorkflowComponent.java126     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe.core.lib.Mwe2Bridge.invokeMwe2Bridge.java34     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe.core.lib.AbstractWorkflowComponent.invokeAbstractWorkflowComponent.java201     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.runtime.workflow.AbstractCompositeWorkflowComponent.invokeAbstractCompositeWorkflowComponent.java35     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.runtime.workflow.Workflow.runWorkflow.java19     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.launch.runtime.Mwe2Runner.runMwe2Runner.java102     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.launch.runtime.Mwe2Runner.runMwe2Runner.java62     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.launch.runtime.Mwe2Runner.runMwe2Runner.java52     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.launch.runtime.Mwe2Launcher.runMwe2Launcher.java74     at org.eclipse.emf.mwe2.launch.runtime.Mwe2Launcher.mainMwe2Launcher.java35 codepre  pI checked my launch settings in the Eclipse configuration for that action and saw that until that time it was codeXmx512mcode. I tried to increase that number and all it did was that now the action takes more time before crashing on the same error. I got all the way up to codeXmx3000mcode  didnt want to try more on my 4Gb machine.p  pI want to stress that all I did was create a new XText project and modify the default Hello X grammar to by a 200line grammar definition of my own. My grammar compiles just fine, giving no warnings or errors. strongWhat caused this memory error to be introduced, and how can I fix itstrongp  pIve found a hrefhttpzarnekow.blogspot.co.il201008howtoreducememoryconsumptionof.html relnofollowthis related blog posta but I admit the proposed fixes there are beyond my level, Im not sure what precisely I need to do and whether it will fix the problem at all.p
Negative 802 pI keep getting the same error when I try to add a custom header image with TCPDFp  precodepdfgtSetHeaderDatalogo.png, PDFHEADERLOGOWIDTH, Something, Lorem Ipsum codepre  pIt tells mep  precodeTCPDF ERROR Cant open image file varwwwtcpdfcachemska93170920eb930db72b109d6a0f192715 codepre  pIm on Ubuntu, what should I dop  pstrongUPDATEstrong Okay, it seems tcpdf has some trouble with png images, used jpg instead and it workedp
Negative 802 pI assume that since jspweb.xml is missing that my plugin did not compile my jsp pages.  How to make this compile it  Am I missing a setup  Here is my pom snippet on jspcp  precode        ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjspcmavenpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.0alpha3ltversiongt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtjspcltidgt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtcompileltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt             lt Use the Tomcat 6 JSP compiler gt             ltdependenciesgt                 ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojo.jspcltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtjspccompilertomcat6ltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt2.0alpha3ltversiongt                 ltdependencygt             ltdependenciesgt         ltplugingt         ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmavenwarpluginltartifactIdgt             ltconfigurationgt                 ltwebXmlgtbasedirtargetjspweb.xmlltwebXmlgt             ltconfigurationgt             ltdependenciesgt                 ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtxpp3ltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtxpp3minltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt1.1.4cltversiongt                 ltdependencygt             ltdependenciesgt         ltplugingt codepre
Negative 802 pHi all sorry if its a silly question.But I am new to javascript.p  pI have a div on which is draggable.Now I want to do some thing when that div is dropped So far I have write a simple alert but its not working. Can any one guide me how do I write some code in drop event.p  pHere is my codep  precodeltdiv id  par class  uidraggable styleposition relative height 200px width 200pxoutline2px solid greengt ltdivgt  ltscriptgt      par.draggable      par.droppable             drop function event, ui                     alertblabla                                                           ltscriptgt codepre  pHere is link to fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netMddyD1 relnofollowDraggable droppableap
Negative 802 pI know that there are similar questions a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2965171swftoolssegmentationfaultherea and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2055061swftoolssegmentationfaultherea but non of the answers worked for me.p  pWhen running codepdf2swf sample.pdf v o sample.swfcode i get strongSegmentation faultstrongp  precode... VERBOSE colorMap pixcomps3 bits8 mode2 NOTICE  File contains jpeg pictures VERBOSE Drawing 1496x1808 transparent jpegimage id 151 at size 1496x1808 548x663, gt256 colors Segmentation fault codepre  pThe O 1 flag didnt work, strongdmesgstrong wasnt helpfulp  precodepdf2swf[29304] segfault at 0000000000000000 rip 00002ac82a6c75b0 rsp 00007fff623484b0 error 4 pdf2swf[32714] segfault at 0000000000000000 rip 00002b7f2e0145b0 rsp 00007fff68ea90c0 error 4 codepre  pI have a similar servers with swftools working fine and processing the same file successfully. Ive tried  installing  both version 0.9.1 as i have on my other server as well as installing the newest version available with no help. p  pIve installed with the following commandsp  precodeLDFLAGSLusrlocallib CPPFLAGSIusrlocalinclude .configure make make install codepre  pAnyone knows what might helpp
Negative 802 pI have two datasets Customer and Goods. The Customer dataset has customer id as key and a list of goodss id the customer bought as value. The Goods datasets has good it as key and its price as value. How to join this two dataset according to the foreign key goods id p  precodecustomer dataset customer id, goods id1,goods id2, ...  goods dataset goods id1, price1 goods id2, price2  The join result dataset I want customer id1,price1,price2,... customer id2,pric3e,price4,... codepre  pI am new in hadoop.I know it can be done in Pig and Hive but I want to implement it in java with Hadoop. Can anybody help me Many thanksp
Negative 802 pLearning Spring I have found two types of definition of xmlns in spring configuration file. One starting with thisp  precode ltbeans xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemabeans codepre  pwhich I found in the spring a hrefhttpstatic.springsource.orgspringdocs3.0.xreferencexsdconfig.html relnofollowdocumentationap  pAnd the other one starts with thisp  precode ltbeansbeans  xmlnshttpwww.springframework.orgschemamvc codepre  pBoth works fine. One difference I have observed is that you have to start all the tags with name beans if you are using the second definition, like thisp  precodeltbeansimport resourcehibernatecontext.xml gt  codepre  pwhich otherwise can be written asp  precode ltimport resourcehibernatecontext.xml gt codepre  pWhat major difference do they makep
Negative 802 pI have been using WCF for a fair bit now, and I have come across several articles on MSDN regarding WCFs publisher subscriber model.p  pOne of the requirements in a project Im about to embark on requires me to have one server send out messages to multiple servers, thus, I have a few queries regarding the publishersubscriber modelp  pMy primary concern with the this isp  pWhat happens if 2 out of 5 of my subscribers are disconnected, due to say, PC rebooting. Do I have to manually handle the publisher resending the messages to the 2 subscribers when they reconnect backp  pI need each message sent out by the publisher to positively reach all the other subscribers, if they are offline, the publisher has to be responsible to resend the messages when the subscribers are back online. Because there can be a lot of messages being sent by the publisher, does that mean I will need some sort of queuing mechanism to store all the messages that are supposed to be sent to the offline subscribers, and resend them when they are back onlinep  pIs using WCFs publishersubscriber mode fitting in my scenario Are there any models out there that supports disconnected subscribers, automatically resending when the subscriber is back online, or do I have to custom code every single aspect to handle thisp
Negative 802 pI need to send a request to multiple different addresses. Some success, some maybe return an error, and I need write log for this response. I think I need deal the response message one by one. How to do this in outsequence. My service config isp  precodeltproxy xmlnshttpws.apache.orgnssynapse nameCloneTest transportshttps,http statisticsdisable tracedisable startOnLoadtruegt    lttargetgt       ltinSequencegt          ltclone id12345gt             lttargetgt                ltendpointgt                   ltaddress uriaddress1 formatpox gt                ltendpointgt             lttargetgt             lttargetgt                ltendpointgt                   ltaddress uriaddress2 formatpox gt                ltendpointgt             lttargetgt             lttargetgt                ltendpointgt                   ltaddress uriaddress3 formatpox gt                ltendpointgt             lttargetgt          ltclonegt       ltinSequencegt       ltoutSequencegt          ltlog levelfull gt          ltsend gt       ltoutSequencegt    lttargetgt ltproxygt codepre  pBest regards.p
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions611304howmanylinesofcodeshouldafunctionproceduremethodhaveHow many lines of code should a functionproceduremethod havea  p blockquote    pOut team has a project of not well structured ansic code. I would like to use some CC techniques to tidy up the code base.p  pAs for C code, we have a lot of pointers and a lot of NULLpointer pitfalls to catch. Therefore there are lot of fragments which look alike. Its likep  precodeif pointer  NULL    function1   function2  codepre  pall over the place. Then there are an awful lot of functions that will be called after each other in the same fashion only with a few variations, likep  precodefunction1 function2a function3 codepre  pand p  precodefunction1 function2b function3 codepre  pall over the place.p  pI would like to extract those blocks as a single function to reduce LOC and copypasting. But that will create not only a somewhat orthogonal layer but also a handfull of function doing more or less the same, except for some details. And even worse, it will create functions that do a lot of things at once.p  pSo, whats a good strategy Whats more important, lean code on high level, lean functions on low level or lean architecture Which principle trumps the other Seperation of concern or DRYp  pI would like to refactor that beast but dont know where to start.p  pTo exploid the example below and put same names in. Lets assume we havep  precodemorningBath drinkCoffee if checkMail    answerMail  codepre  pand put that into morningRoutine. Now we havep  precodedrinkTea morningBath if checkMail    answerMail  codepre  pand call it sundayMorningRoutine. But then there is duplicated code. Or expand morningRoutineday asp  precodeif day  sunday   drinkTea   morningBath  else    morningBath   drinkCoffee      if checkMail    answerMail  codepre  por maybep  precodeif day  sunday   drinkTea   morningBath  else    morningBath   drinkCoffee      if checkMail    answerMail  codepre  pI wonder if that is good style.. maybe.. Thanks for that hintp
Negative 802 pIs there any way to start playing a track from a certain time spot I found this old a hrefhttpwww.spotify.comintblogarchives20090612hintstipsE28093linktoaspecifictracktime relnofollowhints amp tipsa, but didnt work when I tried it in libspotify program. Any update on thisp  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pHello i have a string that looks like thatp  precodeelguentrcaiteucavalenciaareocsetthTHglidesbnINruhenlptnonbidIDlvltpatepltabgBGbefrdebnBDukptBRasthrjvzhTWsrlatindafahitrTRfihujafobsBArofaIRzhCNsrsqmnkosvkmskkmKHenGBmsscugbal  codepre  phow can i break items by  and place them in an array likep  precodearray[0]gtel array[1]gtgu ..... codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to a SQlAzure database from ubuntu 12.04.p  pIve downloaded freeTDS0.91 and compiled it with openssl and libiconf for use with the tinytds gem.p  pWhen I try connect to the sqlazure db I get the following errorp  precodemartinrmartinrDTcodepsgweb tsql U Username P Password H servername.database.windows.net p 1433 locale is enZA.UTF8 locale charset is UTF8 using default charset UTF8 Error 20004 severity 9     Read from the server failed OS error 104, Connection reset by peer Error 20002 severity 9     Adaptive Server connection failed There was a problem connecting to the server codepre  pI cant seem to find anything on what is causing this error, and how to resolve it.p  pI can connect to instances of mssqlserver on a windowsserver machine in the office without any problems. p  pAny help will be much appreciated.p
Negative 802 pConsider the following code that is intended to round numbers to the nearest onehundredth and serialize the result to JSONp  precoderequire json def roundtonearest value, precision    valueprecision.round  precision end a  [1.391332, 0.689993, 4.84678] puts a.map n roundtonearestn,0.01 .tojson gt [1.3900000000000001,0.6900000000000001,4.8500000000000005] codepre  pIs there a way to use JSON to strongserialize all numbers with a specific level of precisionstrongp  precodea.map ... .tojson numericdecimals2  gt [1.39,0.69,4.85] codepre  pThis could be either with the Ruby builtin JSON library or another JSON gem.p  pstrongEditstrong As noted in comments to answers below, Im looking for a general solution to all JSON serialization for arbitrary data that includes numbers, not specifically a flat array of numbers.p  hr  pemsupNote that the above problem can be fixed in this specific case by rewriting the methodsupemp  precodedef roundtonearest value, precision    factor  1precision   valuefactor.round.tof  factor end codepre  pemsup...but this does not solve the general desire to force a precision level during serialization.supemp
Negative 802 pIs there a way to implement a payment service in a Facebook app without the use of Facebook creditsp
Negative 802 pI want to search a table with multiple conditions in Rails. I am using Active record and rails version 3.1.0. p  pI have Movies object, and want to achieve the equivalent of the following in railsp  precodeSelect  from Movies where rating  R OR rating  PG codepre  pI tried the following but it does not workp  precodefiltered  Movies.findall, conditions gt  rating gt R, rating gt PG  codepre  pCan you please provide help to write an equivalent of SQL query mentioned above.p
Negative 802 pIm doing galleryview using Adapter.p  pIn that adapter im using linear layout. In that linear layout textview im adding dynamically.p  precodeclass ViewHolder         TextView txttitle              LinearLayout linearinsideLay       Override     public View getViewfinal int position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent           View viconvertView         ViewHolder holdernew ViewHolder          try         viinflater.inflateR.layout.homepagelist1adapter,null         holder.txttitleTextViewvi.findViewByIdR.id.txttitle          holder.linearinsideLayLinearLayoutvi.findViewByIdR.id.linearinsideLay vi.settagholder catch  codepre  pHere im adding dyanamically.p  precodeprivate void updateDetails     int linksizesingleVenueList.getLinkskeyList.size                 try                     myHolder.addlink1.removeAllViews                 catch Exception e                       TODO handle exception                       forint i0iltlinksizei                     TextView addTextnew TextViewactivity                             addText.setTextsingleVenueList.getLinkskeyList.geti                     addText.setTextSize22                     addText.setTextColorColor.BLACK                     addText.setTagsingleVenueList.getLinksvalueList.geti                     addText.setGravityGravity.CENTERHORIZONTAL                     LinearLayout.LayoutParams lp  new LinearLayout.LayoutParamsLayoutParams.FILLPARENT, LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT                      myHolder.linearinsideLay.addViewaddText,lp                      addText.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener                          Override                         public void onClickView v                               TODO Autogenerated method stub                             String urlv.getTag.toString                             Bundle bundlenew Bundle                             Intent intentnew Intentactivity,WebViewLink.class                             bundle.putStringURL, url                             intent.putExtrasbundle                             activity.startActivityForResultintent, 100                                                           codepre  pIn this Gallery every item im called updateDetails method remove working fine. aging im trying to add new list in that linearlLayout not added.display empty data.p  pnote if im without remove view added previousList  currentList added. tried invalidate and this.notifyDataSetChanged that also not working.p  pplease suggest correct way.p  pthanks.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to send the user to a certian sheet in the workbook based on the value of the hyperlink they click on. 1.01 Is example text in one of the cells that are hyperlinks. I have the event getting triggered when they click with this code, but every time the codeBRcode is 0.  p  precodePrivate Sub WorksheetFollowHyperlinkByVal Target As Hyperlink     Dim BR As Integer     BR  ActiveCell.Value     Select Case BR     Case Is lt 2  case always gets run because BR is always 0         WorksheetsAppts.Select     Case 2 To 3         WorksheetsNext.Select     Case 3 To 4         WorksheetsCalls.Select     End Select End Sub codepre  pI think my problem is where I am getting the codeActiveCell.Valuecode but I havent been able to figure it out.  Any help is appreciated. p  pThanks,p
Negative 802 pIm begining a desktop application SWTJFACE, for create, read, update and delete entries from a database.p  pI want to do this the right way, so the application will be easy to extend.p  pThats why i am looking for how desktop applications developement can be divided in layers.p
Negative 802 pI wrote a code that performs a spline interpolationp  precodex1  [ 0., 13.99576991, 27.99153981, 41.98730972, 55.98307963, 69.97884954, 83.97461944, 97.97038935, 111.9661593, 125.9619292, 139.9576991, 153.953469 ] y1  [ 1., 0.88675318, 0.67899118, 0.50012243, 0.35737022, 0.27081293, 0.18486778, 0.11043095, 0.08582272, 0.04946131, 0.04285015, 0.02901567]  x  np.arrayx1  y  np.arrayy1   Interpolate the data using a cubic spline to newlength samples newlength  50 newx  np.linspacex.min, x.max, newlength newy  sp.interpolate.interp1dx, y, kindcubicnewx codepre  pBut in the new dataset generated  codenewxcode and codenewycode the original points are eliminated, only the first and the last values are kept. I would like to keep the original points.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to generate the source code from apk which is created by adobe air, which is actually coded in flashbut It generates with no java classes and no images in res folder. The app actually a game app which has a 50 images in it. Can any body suggest me that, how to get the converted flash code into java files and the resource through the apk. I would be obliged   if any suggests. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI use Modular Extensions HMVC and Template library by Phil Sturgeon. How can I use thistemplate in a modules controller. I want to load some modules javascript files in the head of the html layout with the appendmetadata method. p  pAn example in order of executionp  pcontrollershomehome.php  the main controllerp  precodeclass Home extends MXController      function index          thisgttemplategtbuildlogin       codepre  pviewslayoutsdefault.php the default layoutp  precode lthtmlgt   ltheadgt     ltphp include ..partialshead.php gt   ltheadgt   ltbodygt        calling topbar module     ltphp echo ModulesrunnavigationpanelsTopBarrender gt     ltphp echo template[body] gt   ltbodygt    lthtmlgt   codepre  pmodulesnavigationpanelscontrollersTopBar.php the topbar modules controllerp  precodeclass TopBar extends MXController   public function construct      parentconstruct want to manipulate the head but template property is not visible        thisgttemplate  gtprependmetadatagenerateJavaScriptIncludeTagTOPBARJAVASCRIPTLOCATION .        changelanguage.js   public function render      data[languages]  thisgtlanguagegtgetOtherLanguageArray     thisgtloadgtviewTopBarview, data   codepre  pIt seems to be output buffering problem, because the method prependmetadata exists.p
Negative 802 pMy assignment is to write a Unix shell script that asks the user for the name of a directory, and then works exactly like codefindcode.p  pHere is what I have so farp  precodebinbash dirlister      cd 1     echo 1     listls l 1       nolinesecho list  awk ENDprintf d,NF      if [ nolines eq 2 ]     then          echo 1          return     fi      filelistecho list  grep .     dirlistecho list  grep d.      filenameecho filelist awk printf sn,NF     presentpwd     echo filename awk v prespresent printf ssn,pres,0      dirlist2echo dirlist  awk printf sn,NF      echo dirlist2  while IFS read r line     do         nextCallecho presentline         dirlister nextCall         cd ..     done     cd ..     read p Enter the name of the direcotry  dName  dirlister dName  codepre  pThe problem is, after a depth of three directories, this script gets into an infinite loop, and I dont see why.p  pEDITp  pHere is the code i came up with after looking at your answer, it still doesnt go more than 1 directory depthp  precodebinbash  shopt s dotglob  dont miss hidden files shopt s nullglob  dont fail on empty directories   listdirectory      cd 2     cd 1     echo e I am called t 1 t 2     for fileName in 1      do         echo e hello t fileName         if [ d fileName ]         then             echo fileName             listdirectory fileName 2          else             echo fileName         fi     done   read p Enter the direcotory Name  dirName varpwd listdirectory dirName var codepre
Negative 802 pI am in the process of developing a webbased RESTful api for a client. Everything works great apart from one request, in which I need to request the Foursquare API for each row.p  pThe URL for this request is a hrefhttpapi.example.comv1userstimes relnofollowhttpapi.example.comv1userstimesa.p  pCurrently the response of a request to that url isp  precode response      user          ... some user info ...         times [                              id 8,                 venuefqid 4b81eb25f964a52000c430e3,                 userid 1,                 waitlength 4468,                 createdat 20120609 214543             ,                              id 9,                 venuefqid 4aad285af964a520c05e20e3,                 userid 1,                 waitlength 8512,                 createdat 20120609 214543             ,                              id 10,                 venuefqid 42377700f964a52024201fe3,                 userid 1,                 waitlength 29155,                 createdat 20120609 214544             ,                              id 11,                 venuefqid 45c88764f964a5206e421fe3,                 userid 1,                 waitlength 33841,                 createdat 20120609 214544             ,                              id 12,                 venuefqid 430d0a00f964a5203e271fe3,                 userid 1,                 waitlength 81739,                 createdat 20120609 214544                      ]      , stat ok  codepre  pHowever, the codevenuefqidcode being returned in the coderesponse.user.timescode array is relative to a venue on the Foursquare API. I tried running a curl request to the Foursquare API for each row, but the performance is incredibly slow. Please can you give some examples of ways in which I could speed up the performance while retrieving the same information I would had I accessed requested the FQ API each timep  pHeres my codep  precodequery  thisgtdbgtquerySELECT  FROM waittimes WHERE userid  , arrayemailaddress  waittimes  querygtresult  foreach waittimes as waittime       waittimegtvenue  thisgtvenueinfowaittimegtvenuefqid    function venueinfofqid       ch  curlinit     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, httpsapi.foursquare.comv2venues4b522afaf964a5200b6d27e3     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1      response  jsondecodecurlexecch     curlclosech      return response[response][venue]   codepre
Negative 802 pIm looking to submit a new app, but have some general questions on the app submission.p  pThis is a football app. This app includes yearly content so Id like to charge .99 per year for the app. So a user downloads it and pays .99 that will give them access to the content for 1 year then the next year there will be new content in the app json feeds, etc so they will need to buy againp  pHow do I accomplished this type of app submission I was thinking I had to create a NEW app each year and have the users download a NEW app each year, is this the only way If so, I will need to address howwhen the users can access the information thru the app and not let them go over the year. Should I include the year in the app setupp  pId like to create one app and require an annual renewal, then I and the users can use the same app and just push down updates  Would I give the app a general name then or include the yearp  pAny directions is appreciated. Thanks.p
Negative 802 pI have a VideoView and it is pause when I start an Email intent.  When the email intent is done, I want the videoView to continue playing, however, it restarts from the beginning.p  precodeOverride public void onPause      Log.dTAG, onPause called     super.onPause     videoView.pause  Override public void onResume      super.onResume     Log.dTAG, onResume called     videoView.startresume doesnt work  codepre  pHow can I get the videoView to resume from where it left off.p
Negative 802 pI need to submit a form for classified ads on our website when a user clicks the submit button. The price of an ad is based on how many words along with how many weeks it will run so the PayPal button I have reads the hidden amount field I have set up. How can I have my form submit and then redirect to PayPal with the hidden amount variable still holding its value Any other methods would also be welcome. p  pEdit Ok, Ive made my own php script to email the information to me from my original form, I had been using a cgi script my webhost hosted.p  pNow I email myself just fine and Im trying to find out how to send my hidden variables to paypal from there when I redirect to it. Heres what Im trying right now.  p  precodeltphp   to  info.whatzupgmail.com    from  REQUEST[email]    name  REQUEST[Name]    headers  From from   subject  Classified Tests    fields  array   fieldsName  Name    fieldsemail  Email   fieldsPhone  Phone   fieldsAddress  Street Address  fieldsCity  City    fieldsState  State   fieldsZip  Zip Code   fieldsClassification  Classification   fieldsAdHeadline  Headline   fieldsAdContent  Ad Content   fieldsWords  Word Count   fieldsWeeks  Weeks to Run   fieldsWordCount  Total Words   fieldsRate  Word Rate   fieldsGrossAmountDue  Gross Amount   fieldsNonProfit  Non Profit Ad   itemname    POST[itemname] amount    POST[amount] currencycode   POST[currencycode] noshipping  POST[itemnumber] shipping  POST[itemnumber] cmd    POST[cmd] bn   POST[bn] nonote  POST[itemnumber] lc    POST[lc] business    POST[business]   body  This Ad has been submittednn foreachfields as a gt b   body . sprintf20s sn,b,REQUEST[a]     iffrom   print You have not entered an email, please go back and try again   else    ifname   print You have not entered a name, please go back and try again   else    send  mailto, subject, body, headers   ifsend   header Location httpswww.paypal.comcgibinwebscr    else   print We encountered an error sending your mail, please contact us at info.whatzupgmail.com          gt  codepre
Negative 802 pI just ran my website made with Django1.3 for the first time on Heroku. I had to change every mentioning of codemyprojectcode into codeappcodesuch as codeimport myproject.core.viewscode into codeimport app.core.viewscode in codeurls.pycode  in order to make my website run without an codeimportErrorcode.p  pI figure either p  ul liI change the Heroku directory code heroku run pwdcode ouputs codeappcode codeappcode into codemyprojectcode. How do I do this li liUse a general prefix. How would I would I do this the best way  li liI should push my project from a directory lowerli ul  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pThis is the file structure of my local and heroku directory  a hrefhttpgist.github.com3361637 relnofollow titlegist.github.com3361637gist.github.com3361637a p  pHere is an example of the changes I had to make in urls.py  a hrefhttpgist.github.com3361686 relnofollow titlegist.github.com3361686gist.github.com3361686a p  pThe changes for the other files were exactly the same, just changing the name of my project p  pstrongUpdate2strongp  pTo mipadip  pNext to your proposed structure I changed my .git folder from thisp  precode.  myprojectdjango      core          etc.      manage.py      .git      etc  requirements.txt codepre  pto thisp  precode.  myprojectdjango      core          etc.      manage.py      etc  requirements.txt  .git codepre  pand pushed the changes to heroku. But now the foldersfiles are mixed with the previous structure. I tried to delete these files using codeheroku run rm filenamecode but this doesnt work. Any ideasp
Negative 802 pAppreciate help if anybody let me know how to acheive PreviousValue cloumn as shown below in MSAccessp  pI have records stored in table for various categories other than Overall and based on IDNameOfficeproductCategory combination I want to acheive previous value column thorugh MS Access functionefficient query p  precodeID       Name        Office Product Overall    Month         Value  Previous 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Sales      201106          6    0 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Sales      201202          3    6 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Sales      201207          4    3 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Overall    201106          6    0 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Overall    201202          3    6 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Overall    201207          4    3 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Exetion    201202          6    0 228      Woodlands  london  UK      Exetion    201202          6    1 228      Woodlands  london  UK      Exetion    201106          1    0 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Exetion    201207          6    6 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Content    201106          6    0 228      Woodlands  london  UK      Content    201106          1    0 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Content    201202          3    6 228      Woodlands  london  UK      Content    201202          1    1 228      Woodlands  london  UK      Content    201207          1    1 228      Woodlands  london  Europe  Content    201207          4    3 codepre  pThanks in Advance p  hr  pResult of queryWhich is not as expected because of Top1 function i guess, the correct output is as shown in image belowp  precode ID  Name      Office   Product Category    Date       Month    ValuePrevious 228  Investors  london  Europe  Content   01062011    201106  6   0 228  Investors  london  Europe  Content   23022012    201202  3   6 228 Investors   london  Europe  Content   01072012    201207  4   6 codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjzn0M.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pI have some problem with sump  pexample if checkbox with codeidsmscode is checked total sum x2 else x1p  precodeltformgt ltinput onclickclickChthis typecheckbox value1.00gt 1.00ltbrgt ltinput onclickclickChthis typecheckbox value2.00gt 2.00ltbrgt ltinput idsms typecheckboxgt pay via smsltbrgt      ltBRgt ltinput idtotal typetext nametotalgt ltformgt ltdivgt  ltscriptgt var total  document.getElementByIdtotal  sms.changefunction     var rise  this.checked  2  1    function clickChcaller   ifcaller.checked    addcaller    else     subtractcaller      function addcaller      total.value  total.value1  caller.value1  rise          function subtractcaller      total.value  total.value1  caller.value1  rise      ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 802 pIm a Tapestry5 user and wondering how I would Inject a service class with a few arguments. From my understanding, using Inject to inject a service class is very similar to instantiating a class with new MyClass. The problem I seem to be having is Im not sure how to pass the arguments into the service. p  pExamplep  pUsing Tapestry Servcep  precodepublic class Main       Inject     private MyService myService      public Main          Where would I pass in my arguements         this.myService         I cant seem to do this by passing the args in through         this.myServicearg1, arg2 unless I may be missing something.         codepre  pTraditional Usagep  precodepublic class Main       public Main          In this example I can pass my args into the constructor.          MyService myService  new MyServicearg1, arg2        codepre
Negative 802 pHello just wondering is their any possibility for a batch file to have a user entry specified time Lets say for example i want to enter a time of 26 minutes, after that the batch file will be like a countdown timer when it reaches 0 it does 1 mouse click to an icon on the desktop or where to pointer of the mouse was pointedp
Negative 802 pI am using a codeListViewcode in a Windows 8 Metro style app and I want to programatically make it scroll to a point where a particular item is in the view.p  pIs this possiblep
Negative 802 pI use my databaseHelperp  precodeOverride public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase db, ConnectionSource connectionSource        try                  TableUtils.createTableconnectionSource, Category.class         Log.iDatabaseHandler.class.getName, created new entries in onCreate              catch SQLException e          Log.eTAG, error creating DB   DATABASENAME          throw new RuntimeExceptione          Upgrading database   Override    public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase db, ConnectionSource connectionSource, int oldVer, int newVer           try                               TableUtils.dropTableconnectionSource, Category.class, true            onCreatedb, connectionSource                 catch SQLException e            Log.eTAG,error upgrading db DATABASENAMEfrom ver oldVer            throw new RuntimeExceptione               public DaoltCategory, Integergt getCategoryDao throws SQLException               if simpleCategoryDao  null              simpleCategoryDao  getDaoCategory.class                  return simpleCategoryDao         public static synchronized DatabaseHandler getHelperContext context              if helper  null                       helper  new DatabaseHandlercontext                  usageCounter.incrementAndGet         return helper      codepre  pAnd I get JSON data, wrap it to my model and save it in the ORMLite..My I do it in the AsyncTask inner class. My doInBackground method in it. p  precode        protected Void doInBackgroundString... param               ContentRepository contactRepo             UserFunctions userFunction  new UserFunctions             json  userFunction.loginUserparam[0], param[1]             try                  if json.getStringKEYSTATUS  null amp json.getStringKEYMESSAGE.equalsStringSuccess                                       String res  json.getStringKEYSTATUS                     ifInteger.parseIntres  1                                                  DatabaseHandler db  new DatabaseHandlergetApplicationContext                         JSONParser p  new JSONParser                         appendLogjson.toString                         DataParsing u  new DataParsing                         ListltCategorygt catlist  u.wrapCategoriesjson                         ListltProcessStatusgt status  u.wrapStatusesjson                         ListltLevelgt level  u.wrapLevelsjson                         ListltSubjectgt subject  u.wrapSubjectsjson                          contactReponew ContentRepositorygetContentResolver,getApplicationContext                          OrmLiteSqliteOpenHelper dbHelpergetHelper1                         getHelper1.open                          DaoltCategory, Integergt daoCatdbHelper.getDaoCategory.class                         QueryBuilderltCategory,Integergt catquery  daoCat.queryBuilder                         try                             getHelper1.open                                 if catquery.query.isEmpty                                                              contactRepo.saveCategoriescatlist                                                                               catch IllegalStateException e                                                      getHelper1.open                                         e.printStackTrace                                                    Log.icategory,catquery.query.toString                                           codepre  pAnd getHelper1 methodp  precodeprivate DatabaseHandler getHelper1          if databaseHandler  null              databaseHandler  DatabaseHandler.getHelperthis                  return DatabaseHandler databaseHandler      codepre  pWhen I start the application, everything works fine. When I try to lauch it in second time I getp  precode 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893 FATAL EXCEPTION AsyncTask 2 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893 java.lang.RuntimeException An error occured while executing doInBackground 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at android.os.AsyncTask3.doneAsyncTask.java200 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerSetExceptionFutureTask.java274 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.setExceptionFutureTask.java125 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java308 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java138 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1088 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java581 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java1019 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893 Caused by java.lang.IllegalStateException database not open 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.rawQueryWithFactorySQLiteDatabase.java1343 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.rawQuerySQLiteDatabase.java1324 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.android.AndroidCompiledStatement.getCursorAndroidCompiledStatement.java154 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.android.AndroidCompiledStatement.runQueryAndroidCompiledStatement.java57 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.stmt.SelectIterator.ltinitgtSelectIterator.java55 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.stmt.StatementExecutor.buildIteratorStatementExecutor.java206 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.stmt.StatementExecutor.queryStatementExecutor.java155 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.dao.BaseDaoImpl.queryBaseDaoImpl.java261 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.j256.ormlite.stmt.QueryBuilder.queryQueryBuilder.java262 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.assignmentexpert.LoginActivityLoginTask.doInBackgroundLoginActivity.java329 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at com.assignmentexpert.LoginActivityLoginTask.doInBackgroundLoginActivity.java1 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at android.os.AsyncTask2.callAsyncTask.java185 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java306 0821 154448.939 EAndroidRuntime1893     ... 4 more 0821 154454.589 Idestroy1893 destroy 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893 Activity com.assignmentexpert.LoginActivity has leaked window com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView40668ff0 that was originally added here 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893 android.view.WindowLeaked Activity com.assignmentexpert.LoginActivity has leaked window com.android.internal.policy.impl.PhoneWindowDecorView40668ff0 that was originally added here 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.view.ViewRoot.ltinitgtViewRoot.java263 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.view.WindowManagerImpl.addViewWindowManagerImpl.java148 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.view.WindowManagerImpl.addViewWindowManagerImpl.java91 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.view.WindowLocalWindowManager.addViewWindow.java424 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.app.Dialog.showDialog.java241 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.app.ProgressDialog.showProgressDialog.java107 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.app.ProgressDialog.showProgressDialog.java90 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at com.assignmentexpert.LoginActivityLoginTask.onPreExecuteLoginActivity.java239 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.os.AsyncTask.executeAsyncTask.java391 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at com.assignmentexpert.LoginActivity5.onClickLoginActivity.java195 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.view.View.performClickView.java2485 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java9080 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java587 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java123 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java3687 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java507 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java867 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java625 0821 154454.839 EWindowManager1893  at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pBut when I start application one more time  everything works fine again. On the next time  I get exceptions again. p  pMy open method in helper classp  precode  public void open throws SQLException        helper.getReadableDatabase       helper.getWritableDatabase     codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to extend the codeUsercode model in Django using inheritance. Heres my modelp  precodeclass Paciente User     Carteira  models.CharFieldmaxlength50,          verbosenameNum Carteira Plano Saude,uniqueTrue     Convenio  models.ForeignKeyOperadora,Descricao, relatednameconvenio,          verbosenameConvenio,uniqueTrue     DDD  models.CharFieldmaxlength2, verbosenameDDD     Telefone  models.CharFieldmaxlength10, verbosenameTelefone codepre  pAnd heres my viewp  precodedef pacienteregisterrequest     PacienteFormSet  modelformsetfactoryPaciente      if request.method  POST         form  PacienteFormSetrequest.POST or None,              request.FILES or None, querysetPaciente.objects.none,              initial[                 isstaff False,                 isactive True,                  issuperuser False,                  datejoined datetime.now,                  lastlogin datetime.now             ]          incluir         if form.isvalid             instance  form.savecommitFalse presalva o registro             for logvalue in instance   repoe os valores hidden de log                 logvalue.isstaff  False                 logvalue.isactive  True                 logvalue.issuperuser  False                 logvalue.datejoined  datetime.now                 logvalue.lastlogin  datetime.now             for reform in instance   salva no banco                 reform.save         else             return HttpResponseRedirecterro     else         form  PacienteFormSetquerysetPaciente.objects.none,              initial[                 isstaffFalse,                 isactive True,                 issuperuser False,                 datejoined datetime.now,                 lastlogin datetime.now             ]          incluir     return rendertoresponseregister.html, form form,, contextinstanceRequestContextrequest codepre  pAnd, last but not least, my templatep  precodeltform enctypemultipartformdata methodPOST actionpacienteregister gt csrftoken   form.managementform      for formy in form.forms         formy.username.labeltagformy.usernameltbrgt        formy.password.labeltagformy.passwordltbrgt        formy.Carteira.labeltagformy.Carteiraltbrgt        formy.Convenio.labeltagformy.Convenioltbrgt        formy.DDD.labeltagformy.DDDltbrgt        formy.Telefone.labeltagformy.Telefoneltbrgt       formy.isstaff.ashidden       formy.isactive.ashidden       formy.issuperuser.ashidden        formy.datejoined.ashidden       formy.lastlogin.ashidden       endfor         ltinput typesubmit namesubmit valueSalvar gt ltformgt codepre  pThe user is supposed to register himself, but he will only have access to edit some of the fields, because the others I am setting inside the view and in the template, I am hiding them.p  pBut the thing is that my form is not validating. I did a lot of research, but just a few examples over the internet use inheritance to extend codeUsercode model. And this ones, does not show how would be the view that makes the registration of the user inside the application.p  pAny help would be very appreciated p
Negative 802 pPictures say allp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjT1Hp.png altGraphical diff on a filep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKoiJS.png altTextual diff on a filep  pThe problem is that the methods comments didnt really change, but diff shows that they did on UTF8 characters.p  pIm using NetBeans IDE 7.2 Build 201207171143, OS X 10.8 12A269, git 1.7.9.6 Apple Git31.1.p
Negative 802 pI already finished the tutorial but Im having a slight issue with the CSS rendering since section 7 where you make the signup form. This is what Im gettingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comCrZcP.png altenter image description herep  pAnd this is what its supposed to look likep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1iG9I.png altenter image description herep  pAnd this is the relevant CSSp  precodemixin boxsizing    mozboxsizing borderbox   webkitboxsizing borderbox   boxsizing borderbox   input, textarea, select, .uneditableinput    border 1px solid bbb   width 100   padding 10px   height auto   marginbottom 15px   include boxsizing  codepre  pWas wondering if anyone else had the same issuep
Negative 802 pWhy does SF prohibit STD objects on the detail side of an MDR I think you can have the same level of complex relationships with custom objects. The only thing I can think of is that it has to do with multitennant environment and deletion, meaning that say contactsetc from all companies that use SF have their contacts in the same table and if they were a detail in a MDR, then it would effect other companies. p
Negative 802 pI have downloaded and unzipped in a directory to get disc1 to disc3 folders but theres no exe to launch and no instruction in readme file so how do you install p  pIBM WebSphere Application Server for Developers, including Liberty Profile v8.5 Part 1 of 3 was.repo.8500.developers.ilanpart1.zip  988Mp  pDownload nowp  pIBM WebSphere Application Server for Developers, including Liberty Profile v8.5 Part 2 of 3 was.repo.8500.developers.ilanpart2.zip  1Gp  pDownload nowp  pIBM WebSphere Application Server for Developers, including Liberty Profile v8.5 Part 3 of 3 was.repo.8500.developers.ilanpart3.zip  910Mp
Negative 802 pI have a form with text boxes and a read only text box , next to this i have a calendar image, on click of image, calendar pops up and date can be selected. And on submission of form, validation happens when data is entered for the text boxes, jquery does eager validation when data is entered.p  pI want this behavior to happen even on selection of date, which is not working, could please some on let me know what i have to do to eager validation on selection of date.p  pI have passed onchange true as one of the parameter to my validate method, its not working.p
Negative 802 pI am developing my skills using the Codeigniter framework. I have already viewed and inserted data into the database and finding it more tricky to update data. Most tutorials ive saw are inputting the values in the code rather than pulling a selected id from the database and echoing in form fields. So far i havep  pnewsmodelp  precodefunction editArticledata          data  array                        title gt title,                        content gt content,                        author gt author                               thisgtdbgtwhereid, id         thisgtdbgtupdatenews, data, arrayid gtid       codepre  pControllerp  precode    public function updateentry          load the upate model         thisgtloadgtmodelupdatemodel          get the article from the database         data[news]  thisgtnewsmodelgtgetarticlethisgturigtsegment4           perform validation on the updated article so no errors or blank fields         thisgtloadgtlibraryformvalidation          thisgtformvalidationgtsetrulestitle, Title, trimrequired         thisgtformvalidationgtsetrulescontent, Content, trimrequired         thisgtformvalidationgtsetrulesauthor, Author, trimrequired           If validation fails, return to the edit screen with error messages         ifthisgtformvalidationgtrun  FALSE               thisgtindex          else             update the news article in the database             ifquery  thisgtupdatemodelgtupdate           else             redirectadminedit                codepre  pViewp  precode        ltphp echo formopenadminediteditarticle gt          ltphp echo forminputtitle, setvaluetitle, Title gtltbr gt         ltphp echo formtextareacontent, setvaluecontent, Content gtltbr gt         ltphp echo forminputauthor, setvalueauthor, Author gt         ltphp echo formsubmitsubmit, Edit Article gt         ltphp if isseterrorecho ltp classerrorgterrorltdivgt         gt         ltphp echo validationerrorsltp classerrorgt gt          ltphp echo formclose gt  codepre  p1 Im not sure how to echo the data out from when the user has clicked the edit button from the article view shown to grab that id, and then display on the edit page in the text fields.p  p2 And then for the user to then submit the updated data and post in the databasep  pAny guidance or help with structuring the rest of my controllerview files would be appreciated as ive been on this for more than a dayp  pThank You.p
Negative 802 pWhy does this key only get dispatched on a long press.  Im trying to have it so that normal press of the power button mutes the currently playing audio in the Ringer stream.  It only works on long press, normal press turns the screen off. I need it to work on normal press.p  precodeOverride public boolean dispatchKeyEventKeyEvent event           switch event.getKeyCode          case KeyEvent.KEYCODEPOWER             if ringer  null                 return super.dispatchKeyEventevent              if mute                 if ringer.isRinging                     ringer.stopRing                 else if ringer.isRinging                     ringer.ring              mute  mute             return true          return super.dispatchKeyEventevent codepre  pp
Negative 802 pI created my website with some simple codes and design using Adobe Dw and hosted it on GAE. its a very simple website, html files, images and external css... actually thats the extent of my knowledge when it comes to programming and I have no knowledge beyond simple html and css whatsoeverp  pI would like to receive comment from my users and I also I need to have a contact form which forwards the information to my email.p  pThe second one, I guess, should be pretty easy and google turns a lot of results for free form to emailp  pBut for the comments, I need to be able to save it on the servers, on GAE.p  pIm not sure how GAE works, but if Im correct it should act just like any other server and allow me to write data too without having to login to my account and using Eclipsp  pHere is what I need to knowp  pHow can I get comments or any submitted data from website users, save it to GAE servers and be able to modify it latter if needed.p  pSince I have no idea where should begin with this, it would be so much help to me even if you only tell what should I look for and what do I need.p  pI forgot to tell, I use EclipseJava to deploy my codes in the war folder to GAE.p
Negative 802 pHow can I tranfer data between different DB Servers, this is a daily job, i.ep  pre Insert into ServerA..table1    select data from ServerB.table2. pre  pthis is just an example,  the real situation is we select data from many servers, and then do some join, then insert into the destination.p  pWe strongcan not use SSISstrong, we strongcan not use linked serverstrong, How can we do thisp  pbtw, this is a daily job, and the data is huge.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to implement this codep  precodepackage fortyonepost.com.iapa    import android.app.Activity   import android.graphics.Bitmap   import android.graphics.BitmapFactory   import android.os.Bundle   import android.util.Log    public class ImageAsPixelArray extends Activity      a Bitmap that will act as a handle to the image   private Bitmap bmp    an integer array that will store ARGB pixel values   private int[][] rgbValues     Called when the activity is first created.    Override   public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState       setContentViewR.layout.main        load the image and use the bmp object to access it       bmp  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources, R.drawable.fourcolors        define the array size       rgbValues  new int[bmp.getWidth][bmp.getHeight]        Print in LogCats console each of one the RGB and alpha values from the 4 corners of the image       Top Left       Log.iPixel Value, Top Left pixel   Integer.toHexStringbmp.getPixel0, 0       Top Right       Log.iPixel Value, Top Right pixel   Integer.toHexStringbmp.getPixel31, 0       Bottom Left       Log.iPixel Value, Bottom Left pixel   Integer.toHexStringbmp.getPixel0, 31       Bottom Right       Log.iPixel Value, Bottom Right pixel   Integer.toHexStringbmp.getPixel31, 31        get the ARGB value from each pixel of the image and store it into the array       forint i0 i lt bmp.getWidth i                  forint j0 j lt bmp.getHeight j                          This is a great opportunity to filter the ARGB values               rgbValues[i][j]  bmp.getPixeli, j                          Do something with the ARGB value array           codepre  pI cant seem to figure out what this line of code does    bmp  BitmapFactory.decodeResourcegetResources, R.drawable.fourcolorsbr when i try to implement it, eclipse will say it cant find what fourcolors is, ive got no idea what it is and cant seem to figure it out. Do you guys know what it is and how should it be used thank in advancep
Negative 802 pCan someone explain why the URL variable in this code is always set to Location unknown.php by the time the headerURL is called  If I comment out the declarationinitialization in the first line the code works, but I get a variable undeclared warning I also get these warnings if I declare URL before the if blocks without initializing it.p  precodeURL  Location unknown.php if spring     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location snowmold.php  else if other      if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o01.php     if whole  root URL  Location o02.php     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o03.php     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o04.php     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o03.php     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o05.php     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o06.php     if leavesampampstemampamprootampampheadampampwholeURL  Location o07.php  headerURL codepre  pOkay, Ive simplified the code to highlight the problem... p  precodespring  issetPOST[season] ampamp strcmpPOST[season],spring  0 URL  Location unknown.php if spring     URL  Location snowmold.php  headerURL codepre  palways redirects to unknown.php. If I change codeURL  Location unknown.phpcode to codeURLcode, the code redirects to snowmold.php if and only if spring is selected, But I get a URL undefined warning.p
Negative 802 phere is the code, this code works very well when the post didnt include a link on the link field, a message can be send with or without a link inside field message a link posted in the field message it will look like a clickable text link httpwww.mylinkposted.comwithoutmetadata you can send a post likep  blockquote   pHi, i finally finish my new websitep      pa hrefhttpmywebsite.com relnofollowhttpmywebsite.comap      pill waiting for some feed back, from your experience.p blockquote  pBut if a link is writedcopied inside link field it will be extracted meta data from it and the post will include description,caption,title,image, source... and the post it will look like if the user have shared a link on other user feedwall with all the post parameters on it, and looks prety well, but notification its not coming to notification stream, and looks really spammy just post and not send a notification, what do you think can solve this issuep  pre                  appid         xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                  appsecret     xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx                  siteurl       httpwww.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.comapp00index.php                    try                     includeonce srcfacebook.php                 catchException e                     errorloge                                   facebook  new Facebookarray                     appId      appid,                     secret     appsecret,                                        user  facebookgetUser                  ifuser                      try                                 userprofile  facebookapime                     catchFacebookApiException e                         errorloge                         user  NULL                                                         ifuser                      Get logout URL                     logoutUrl  facebookgetLogoutUrl                 else                      Get login URL                     loginUrl  facebookgetLoginUrlarray                         scope          publishstream usergroups,                         redirecturi   siteurl,                                                            ifuser                      queries  array                         arraymethod  GET, relativeurl  .user,                         arraymethod  GET, relativeurl  .user.friends,                         arraymethod  GET, relativeurl  .user.groups,                         arraymethod  GET, relativeurl  .user.likes,                                                try                         batchResponse  facebookapibatch.jsonencodequeries, POST                     catchException o                         errorlogo                                            string. Decode for use as a PHP array.                     userinfo       jsondecodebatchResponse[0][body], TRUE                     friendslist    jsondecodebatchResponse[1][body], TRUE                     groups          jsondecodebatchResponse[2][body], TRUE                     pages           jsondecodebatchResponse[3][body], TRUE                        ifissetPOST[submitx]                         ifPOST[message]  POST[link]  POST[picture]                              body  array                                 message        POST[message],                                 link           POST[link],                                                               batchPostarray                              i1                             flag1                             foreachPOST as key  value                                  ifstrposkey,id  0                                      batchPost[]  arraymethod  POST, relativeurl  valuefeed, body  httpbuildquerybody                                     ifi  50                                          try                                             multiPostResponse  facebookapibatch.urlencodejsonencodebatchPost, POST                                                                   catchFacebookApiException e                                             errorloge                                             echoBatch Post Failed                                                                                  flag0                                         unsetbatchPost                                         i1                                                                                                                                ifissetbatchPost                                  try                                     multiPostResponse  facebookapibatch.urlencodejsonencodebatchPost, POST                                 catchFacebookApiException e                                     errorloge                                     echoBatch Post Failed                                                                  flag0                                                                                else                              flag2                                                                 pre
Negative 802 pIm trying to build a component on a web page that responds to a hover event when run on a browser e.g. on a desktop where hover events happen.  But when viewing that page on a browser without hover events such as an iPad, then it would require a click to activate the behavior that you would get with hovering.p  pI know that WebKit does some wiggy things to translate touch events into hover events so that hoverbased popup menus function, so one option would be to do nothing.  But Id rather have a bit more control over this, especially since Im thinking the hovertouch event might expose a hyperlink that I would want to then click or touch a second time.p  pSUMMARY Desktop Hover to reveal details, then click to actually follow the link. iPad    Touch to reveal details, then touch again to follow the link.p  pAre there any known patterns or techniques that people have used to accomplish something like this  With or without jQuery is fine...p
Negative 802 pIm new to android. I have developed an app and published on Play. My apps default language is Turkish. But when I published I didnt see the Turkish description part. There is English as default selected language. p  pHow can I write a Turkish descriptionp  pEdit Here is an screenshot for being clearer.p  pimg srchttpsdl.dropbox.comu2044233Screenshot1.png altlanguagesp
Negative 802 pThis question is related with a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12533001dowehavetoexplicitlyrecyclethebitmapifwedontneeditDo we have to explicitly recycle the bitmap if we don39t need ita.p  pThere is an ImageView have a drawable, when user clicks a button, it will assign a new drawable to the ImageView.p  pDo we have to destroy the old drawable belongs to the ImageView, and howp  precodeDrawable oriDrawable  imageView.getDrawable   set callback to null oriDrawable.setCallbacknull   get the bitmap and recycle it BitmapDrawableoriDrawable.getBitmap.recycle codepre  pIs the code above correct Whats the best solutionp
Negative 802 pIve an Air application, which I want to maximize at the startup. I set the width and height value to 100 but it didnt help me. Ive tried to set the percentWidth, percentHeight values to 100 but it didnt work neither.p  precodeltsWindowedApplication xmlnsfxhttpns.adobe.commxml2009                    xmlnsslibraryns.adobe.comflexspark                    xmlnsmxlibraryns.adobe.comflexmx                    width100 height100 codepre  pAll the components properties are set to 100 but the application doesnt start in maximum size. How should I set them properly Thank youp
Negative 802 pI have a codeListViewcode, and for each row of the codeListViewcode I have an codeImageViewcode, 2 codeTextViewcode views, and 1 codeToggleButtoncode.p  pHow can I access the views within a row e.g. the codeToggleButtoncodep  pIve tried using an codeOnClickListenercode, but it didnt work and I dont know why. Below is what Ive triedp  precode Override  public void onListItemClickListView parent, View view, int position, long id     ToggleButton tb2  ToggleButtonparent.findViewByIdR.id.star     iftb2.isChecked     Toast.makeTextMainActivity.this, TOOGLE BUTTON TEST, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show       codepre  pMy row layoutp  precodeltTableRow xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidbackgroundandroiddrawablelistselectorbackground     androidclickabletrue     androidgravityfillhorizontal     androidlongClickabletrue     androidminHeightandroidattrlistPreferredItemHeight     androidpaddingBottom8dip     androidpaddingTop5dip gt      ltImageView         androidididicon         androidlayoutwidth50dp         androidlayoutheight50dp         androidlayoutmarginLeft20dp         androidlayoutmarginRight10dp         androidscaleTypefitXY         androidsrcdrawablecontactuser gt      ltLinearLayout         androidlayoutwidthmatchparent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutgravityfillhorizontal         androidlayoutmarginLeft10dp         androidlayoutmarginRight10dp         androidlayoutweight1         androidgravityfill         androidorientationvertical gt         ltTextView             androidididnameClient             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceMedium             androidtextColorffffff gt         ltTextView             androidididaccountClient             androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent             androidlayoutheightwrapcontent             androidtextColor483ca0 gt     ltLinearLayoutgt      ltToggleButton         androidididstar         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutmarginLeft10dp         androidlayoutmarginRight20dp         androidbackgrounddrawableliststarselector         androidclickabletrue         androidenabledtrue         androidinputTypenone         androidtextOff         androidtextOn gt  ltTableRowgt codepre
Negative 802 pI have been trying to change a image in a webpage using jquery and httprequest, without any luck... after research a lot I decide to ask for help. The code is pasted bellow and I first try to ask for the json what works fine and then update the scr on the image... didnt work. For a final test I use a mouseover and mouse out function and didnt work as well, funny thing is that other property like, show and hide works fine, the only problem is with the codeattrscr,code.p  pThanksp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltscript src..jsjQuery.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt   .getJSONhttpwww.containernurseries.co.nzjsonjsonPlantDetails.php,    plantSelectedARGYRANTHEMUMPOLLY,   functiondata     a1.attrscr,dataimagejpgbase64,data.plantDetail.Image      document.readyfunction      a1.mouseoverfunctione        a1.attrscr,httpwww.containernurseries.co.nzimagesservices.gif     .mouseoutfunctione        a1.attrscr,httpwww.containernurseries.co.nzimagesservices.gif         ltscriptgt ltheadgt  ltbodygt ltimg ida1 srchttpwww.containernurseries.co.nzimagescontacticon.gif width18 height37gt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 802 pi have a symfony2 project works well, after some modification of html, i always get a blank page when i set in app.phpp  precodekernel  new AppKernelprod, false codepre  pbut if i set the debug parameter to truep  precodekernel  new AppKernelprod, true codepre  peverything works fine, i havent see any log in my prod.log. I use php apc and fastCGI on my server. Anyone can tell me the difference between the parameter Or this is just a problem of cachep
Negative 802 pDeployment fails after executingp  precoderun ln nfs sharedpathconfigdatabase.yml releasepathconfigdatabase.yml codepre  pThe error isp  precodevarappsmyserver.comsharedconfigdatabase.yml and varappsmyserver.comreleases20120925174051configdatabase.yml are the same file codepre  pAny idea It seems to me that is is not a Capistrano issue but it happened just after I started to use rvmcapistrano gem.p  pThanks in advanced.p
Negative 802 pSay I have these 2 linesp  precodeblah20030717.abc blah20040714 codepre  pUsing sed, how can i match on both line start and end only  codeblah.abccode  and remove the last 4 charactersp  pI triedp  precodesed sblah..41g codepre  pbut that removes 4 characters off the other line too.p  precodeblah20030717 blah2004 codepre  pand p  precodesed sblah.abc.41g codepre  pdoesnt change anything.p
Negative 802 pI have 3 tables Products, Tags, and productstagsmany to many between Products and Tags. in my schema, a product can have zero to many tags and a tag can have zero to many products. Now i want to select products that have certain tags and dont have certain tags.p  pProducts tablep  blockquote   pidproducts    namep      p1  samsung galaxyp      p2  samsung note1p      p3  samsung note2p      p4  iphone 4gsp blockquote  pTags tablep  blockquote   pidtags  wordp      p1  samsungp      p2  galaxyp      p3  note1p      p4  note2p      p5  iphonep      p6  4gsp      p7  applep blockquote  pProductsTags Tablep  blockquote   pproduct  tagp      p1  1p      p1  2  p      p2  1p      p2  3p      p3  1p      p3  4p      p4  5p      p4  6p blockquote  pI have the query below, but it gives me the products with tags i bdidntb want cause they have some other tags and as result of join they appear in the result set.p  blockquote   pSELECT  FR0M products AS pp  precodeJOIN productstags AS pt ON pt.product  p.idproducts  JOIN tags AS t ON t.idtags  pt.tag  WHERE t.word IN samsung, mobile  AND t.word NOT IN note1, note2 codepre blockquote  pIf i wanted Samsung Galaxy and i defined to have tags like samsung and not have note1 and note2. What would be the query for thisp  pP.S. I thought maybe EXISTS or NOT EXISTS should be used, but i am just not able to figure out how i should use them.p  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 802 pI have this weird problem with Drupal Menus. When I try to add a link to any drupal menu, it throws the following SQL exception. I can create a new menu or delete an existing one, but I cant add any links  Any helpp  pAdditional uncaught exception thrown while handling exception.p  pOriginalp  pPDOException SQLSTATE[HY000] General error 2006 MySQL server has gone away SELECT s.lid, t.translation, s.version FROM localessource s LEFT JOIN localestarget t ON s.lid  t.lid AND t.language  language WHERE s.source  source AND s.context  context AND s.textgroup  039default039 Array  [language] gt tr [source] gt Configure how content input by users is filtered, including allowed HTML tags. Also allows enabling of moduleprovided filters. [context] gt  in locale line 684 of homepredrapublichtmlmoduleslocalelocale.module.p  pAdditionalp  pPDOException SQLSTATE[HY000] General error 2006 MySQL server has gone away INSERT INTO watchdog uid, type, message, variables, severity, link, location, referer, hostname, timestamp VALUES dbinsertplaceholder0, dbinsertplaceholder1, dbinsertplaceholder2, dbinsertplaceholder3, dbinsertplaceholder4, dbinsertplaceholder5, dbinsertplaceholder6, dbinsertplaceholder7, dbinsertplaceholder8, dbinsertplaceholder9 Array  [dbinsertplaceholder0] gt 1 [dbinsertplaceholder1] gt php [dbinsertplaceholder2] gt type message in function line line of file. [dbinsertplaceholder3] gt a6s5quottypequots12quotPDOExceptionquots8quotmessagequots495quotSQLSTATE[HY000] General error 2006 MySQL server has gone away SELECT s.lid, t.translation, s.version FROM localessource s LEFT JOIN localestarget t ON s.lid  t.lid AND t.language  language WHERE s.source  source AND s.context  context AND s.textgroup  amp039defaultamp039 Array  [language] ampgt tr [source] ampgt Configure how content input by users is filtered, including allowed HTML tags. Also allows enabling of moduleprovided filters. [context] ampgt  quots9quotfunctionquots8quotlocalequots5quotfilequots53quothomepredrapublichtmlmoduleslocalelocale.modulequots5quotlinequoti684s14quotseveritylevelquoti3 [dbinsertplaceholder4] gt 3 [dbinsertplaceholder5] gt [dbinsertplaceholder6] gt a hrefhttppredra.comadminstructuremenumanagemenuheadermenuadd relnofollowhttppredra.comadminstructuremenumanagemenuheadermenuadda [dbinsertplaceholder7] gt a hrefhttppredra.comdoktorhaldunsan relnofollowhttppredra.comdoktorhaldunsana [dbinsertplaceholder8] gt 78.180.179.155 [dbinsertplaceholder9] gt 1348828684  in dblogwatchdog line 154 of homepredrapublichtmlmodulesdblogdblog.module.p
Negative 802 pI attached the servicebased database to my windows application and I used the following code to save the data, it is working correctly, but when I close the application and open again the data which I saved was cleared automatically.p  pHow to save the data permanently...p  precodestring c  Application.StartupPath  Stock.mdf SqlConnection con  new SqlConnectionAttachDbFilenamecIntegrated SecurityTrueConnect Timeout30User InstanceTrue  con.Open  SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandInsert into Codedetails valuesTF,  txtproductcode.Text  ,  txtproductname.Text  ,  txtbrandcode.Text  ,  txtbrandname.Text  , con cmd.ExecuteNonQuery con.Close codepre
Negative 802 pIs there a way to do method overloading in TypeScript languagep  pI want to achieve something like thisp  precodeclass TestClass      someMethodstringParameter string void          alertVariant 1 stringParameter    stringParameter           someMethodnumberParameter number, stringParameter string void          alertVariant 2 numberParameter    numberParameter  , stringParameter    stringParameter        var testClass  new TestClass testClass.someMethodstring for v1 testClass.someMethod12345, string for v2 codepre  pHere is an example of what I dont want to do I really hate that part of overloading hack in JSp  precodeclass TestClass      private someMethodOverloadstringstringParameter string void           A lot of code could be here... I dont want to mix it with switch or if statement in general function         alertVariant 1 stringParameter    stringParameter           private someMethodOverloadnumberstringnumberParameter number, stringParameter string void          alertVariant 2 numberParameter    numberParameter  , stringParameter    stringParameter           private someMethodOverloadstringnumberstringParameter string, numberParameter number void          alertVariant 3 stringParameter    stringParameter  , numberParameter    numberParameter           public someMethodstringParameter string void     public someMethodnumberParameter number, stringParameter string void     public someMethodstringParameter string, numberParameter number void      public someMethod void          switch arguments.length          case 1             iftypeof arguments[0]  string                  this.someMethodOverloadstringarguments[0]                 return                          return  Unreachable area for this case, unnecessary return statement         case 2             if typeof arguments[0]  number ampamp                 typeof arguments[1]  string                  this.someMethodOverloadnumberstringarguments[0], arguments[1]                          else if typeof arguments[0]  string ampamp                      typeof arguments[1]  number                  this.someMethodOverloadstringnumberarguments[0], arguments[1]                          return  Unreachable area for this case, unnecessary return statement                  var testClass  new TestClass testClass.someMethodstring for v1 testClass.someMethod12345, string for v2 testClass.someMethodstring for v3, 54321 codepre
Negative 802 pin my app i have to open pdf. and i am using FOXIT READER SDK..  and i have successfully configure android NDK to use CC code. i am try to run its demo.p  phere is my log cat error.p  pMemory manager created sn  XXXXDTEMP,code  XXXXXXA96AB2BF3C4021EC71EB189CD77E68DFB2 1003  FPDFEMB TRACE FSLoadJbig2Decoder calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSLoadJbig2Decoder, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE Loading JPEG2000 decoder calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK Loading JPEG2000 decoder, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSFontCMapLoadGB calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSFontCMapLoadGB, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSFontCMapLoadGBExt calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSFontCMapLoadGBExt, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSFontCMapLoadCNS calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSFontCMapLoadCNS, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSFontCMapLoadKorea calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSFontCMapLoadKorea, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSFontCMapLoadJapan calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSFontCMapLoadJapan, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSFontCMapLoadJapanExt calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSFontCMapLoadJapanExt, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FPDFEMBSetFontMapper calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FPDFEMBSetFontMapper, 0 ticksp  pFPDFEMB TRACE FSMemoryAlloc calledp  pFPDFEMB BENCHMARK FSMemoryAlloc, 0 ticksp  pstrongDocLoad  FPDFDocLoad Doc did not load properlystrongp  phere i think pdf document not load properly... p  pcan i use another alternative to open pdf.. but pdf want to open only in my app.p  pThanks in advance..p
Negative 802 pIm not sure how to use codenativeClickAtcode method to click at an arbitrar location.p  pIn the a hrefhttpsgithub.commakinacorpusspynnerblobmastersrcspynnerbrowser.py relnofollowspynner classa, the doc said p  precodeClick on an arbitrar location of the browser. param where where to click QPoint param real if not true coordinates are relative to the window instead     of the screen timeout seconds seconds to wait after click codepre  pI have had searched a hrefhttpqtproject.orgdocqt4.8qpoint.htmlQPoint2 relnofollowQT doca to figure out what is a codeQPointcode object. So it seems to be x, y coordinates.p  pWhat I tried so far p  precodeimport spynner from PyQt4 import QtCore  browser  spynner.Browser     embedjquery  True,     debuglevel  spynner.DEBUG   ...  place  QtCore.QPoint311,443 print place  PyQt4.QtCore.QPoint311, 443 browser.nativeClickAtplace, 3, realTrue codepre  pBut when I run the script, strongI get a segfault errorstrong.p  pAny help will be very appreciate.p
Negative 802 pWhat I do need is to get the twitter timeline whith only tweets with location associated. p  pI know in Facebook it is possible using codemehomewithlocationcode, is there something like this for twitterp
Negative 802 pIm building a new spring web application which uses maven for dependency management. I am trying to use slf4japi and slf4jsimple. I added them to my pom file, but when I build I get the errorp  precodeSLF4J Failed to load class org.slf4j.impl.StaticLoggerBinder. SLF4J Defaulting to nooperation NOP logger implementation SLF4J See httpwww.slf4j.orgcodes.htmlStaticLoggerBinder for further details. codepre  pWhich is indicative of slf4j not having an implementation, however, slf4jsimple is include in my pom. Below is my pom.xmlp  precodeltproject xmlnshttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 httpmaven.apache.orgxsdmaven4.0.0.xsdgt   ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt   ltgroupIdgtfoo.barltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtnameltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt   ltpackaginggtwarltpackaginggt   ltnamegtnameltnamegt       ltpropertiesgt         ltorg.springframework.versiongt3.1.0.RELEASEltorg.springframework.versiongt     ltpropertiesgt      ltdependenciesgt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringcontextltartifactIdgt             ltversiongtorg.springframework.versionltversiongt              ltexclusionsgt                   ltexclusiongt                       ltgroupIdgtcommonsloggingltgroupIdgt                       ltartifactIdgtcommonsloggingltartifactIdgt                   ltexclusiongt              ltexclusionsgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringwebmvcltartifactIdgt             ltversiongtorg.springframework.versionltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtjstlltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjstlltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.2ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgthibernatecoreltartifactIdgt              ltversiongt3.6.3.Finalltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt           ltgroupIdgtorg.slf4jltgroupIdgt           ltartifactIdgtslf4japiltartifactIdgt           ltversiongt1.6.6ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.slf4jltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtslf4jsimpleltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.6.6ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtnet.sourceforge.jtdsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjtdsltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.2.4ltversiongt         ltdependencygt     ltdependenciesgt     ltbuildgt         ltfinalNamegtROOTltfinalNamegt         ltpluginsgt             ltplugingt                 ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.pluginsltgroupIdgt                 ltartifactIdgtmavencompilerpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt2.5.1ltversiongt                 ltconfigurationgt                     ltsourcegt1.6ltsourcegt                     lttargetgt1.6lttargetgt                 ltconfigurationgt             ltplugingt             ltplugingt                 ltartifactIdgtmavenwarpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt2.1.1ltversiongt                 ltconfigurationgt                     ltpackagingExcludesgtWEBINFweb.xmlltpackagingExcludesgt                 ltconfigurationgt             ltplugingt         ltpluginsgt     ltbuildgt ltprojectgt     codepre  pBelow is my maven dependency treep  precode[INFO] foo.barnamewar0.0.1SNAPSHOT [INFO]  org.springframeworkspringcontextjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringaopjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]      aopallianceaopalliancejar1.0compile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringbeansjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringcorejar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringexpressionjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringasmjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]  org.springframeworkspringwebmvcjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringcontextsupportjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]    org.springframeworkspringwebjar3.1.0.RELEASEcompile [INFO]  jstljstljar1.2compile [INFO]  org.hibernatehibernatecorejar3.6.3.Finalcompile [INFO]    antlrantlrjar2.7.6compile [INFO]    commonscollectionscommonscollectionsjar3.1compile [INFO]    dom4jdom4jjar1.6.1compile [INFO]    org.hibernatehibernatecommonsannotationsjar3.2.0.Finalcompile [INFO]    org.hibernate.javax.persistencehibernatejpa2.0apijar1.0.0.Finalcompile [INFO]    javax.transactionjtajar1.1compile [INFO]  org.slf4jslf4japijar1.6.6compile [INFO]  org.slf4jslf4jsimplejar1.6.6compile [INFO]  net.sourceforge.jtdsjtdsjar1.2.4compile codepre  pAny ideas on what could be wrong Thanks.p
Negative 802 pI am building a project using story boards and a codeMasterViewcode layout. Im trying to get the codeUITableViewcode data from a JSON file a hrefhttpafterimagedesign.tktopHits.json relnofollowhttpafterimagedesign.tktopHits.jsona I dont know if this is correct JSON or not, Im new so I call these methods in codeviewDidLoadcodep  precoderesponseData  [[NSMutableData data] retain] NSURLRequest topHitsRequest  [NSURLRequest requestWithURL[NSURLURLWithStringhttpafterimagedesign.tktopHits.json]] [[NSURLConnection alloc] initWithRequesttopHitsRequest delegateself] codepre  pand then in codeconnectionDidFinishLoadingNSURLConnection connectioncode method, I call thisp  precode[connection release] NSString responseString  [[NSString alloc] initWithDataresponseData encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding] [responseData release] NSDictionary topHitsDictionary  [responseString JSONValue] NSArray topHitsArray  [topHitsDictionary valueForKeytitle] codepre  pThe problem is I think that I get this error Instance method JSONValue not found. I have looked for this for a while, and all of the tutorials Ive seen use this method. Is it iOS 6 or something else Thanksp  pEDITp  pHow do I add it to a UITableView I tried codecell.textLabel.text  [self.topKpop objectAtIndexindexPath.row]code but I keep getting a SIGABRT error. I have gotten SIGABRT error, but this time its in the .m file.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to create app which is match text with  appropriate images by pointing with line.p  pI want to create app exactly same which is shown in the below imagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPkKOp.jpg altI created List of text views and a grid view of images in between I have linear layout. When I click on text view I will get x1,y1 points of text view and when I click on image I will get x2,y2 positions of image view. I am passing this values to Drawing class to draw a line. But every time its drawing only one line.p  pcan any one please give me an ideap  pThis is my main classp  precodepublic class MatchActivity extends Activity                      ArrayAdapterltStringgt listadapter                     float x1                     float y1                     float x2                     float y2                     Override                     public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState                          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState                         setContentViewR.layout.main                         String[] s1   smiley1, smiley2, smiley3                          ListView lv  ListView findViewByIdR.id.textlist                         ArrayListltStringgt list  new ArrayListltStringgt                         list.addAllArrays.asLists1                         listadapter  new ArrayAdapterltStringgtthis,R.layout.rowtext, s1                          lv.setAdapterlistadapter                         GridView gv  GridView findViewByIdR.id.imagelist                         gv.setAdapternew ImageAdapterthis                         lv.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener                            public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt arg0, View v, int arg2,                                     long arg3                                                   x1v.getX                                y1v.getY                                Log.dlist,text positions x1x1 y1y1                                                                           gv.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener                          public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt arg0, View v, int arg2,                             long arg3                                   DrawView drawnew DrawViewMatchActivity.this                           x2v.getX                           y2v.getY                               draw.position1.addx1                               draw.position1.addy1                           draw.position2.add x2                               draw.position2.addy2                           Log.dlist,image positions x2x2 y2y2                      LinearLayout llLinearLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.drawline                                       ll.addViewdraw                                                                                                               codepre  pThis is my drawing class to draw a linep  precode public class DrawView extends View                    Paint paint  new Paint                   private ListltFloatgt position1new ArrayListltFloatgt                   private ListltFloatgt position2new ArrayListltFloatgt                      public DrawViewContext context                          supercontext                         invalidate                         Log.ddrawview,In DrawView class position1position1 position2position2                                             Override                     public void onDrawCanvas canvas                           super.onDrawcanvas                          Log.don draw,IN onDraw position1position1 position2position2                         assert position1.size  position2.size                     for int i  0 i lt position1.size i  2                          float x1  position1.geti                         float y1  position1.geti  1                         float x2  position2.geti                         float y2  position2.geti  1                                 paint.setColorColor.BLACK                         paint.setStrokeWidth3                                 canvas.drawLinex1,y1, x2,y2, paint                                                                 codepre  pMy layout main.xml filep  precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent      androidgravitycenterhorizontalgt      ltListView         androidididtextlist         androidlayoutwidth150dp         androidlayoutheightfillparent          gt      ltLinearLayout         androidididdrawline         androidlayoutwidth150dp         androidlayoutheightfillparent         androidbackgroundcccccc gt      ltGridView         androidididimagelist         androidlayoutwidth150dp         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidgravitycenterhorizontal         androidstretchModecolumnWidth         androidverticalSpacing10dp         androidcolumnWidth150dpgt   ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pMy Logcat detailsp  pFirst time selection of text and imagep  precode1019 104223.672 DText list653 Clicking on text coordinates are0.0 ,151.0 1019 104225.831 DImage list653 Clicking on image coordinates are0.0 ,320.0 1019 104225.861 DonDraw653 In onDraw coordinates of text position[0.0, 151.0] image position[0.0, 320.0] codepre  pSecond time selection of text and imagep  precode1019 104258.512 DText list653 Clicking on text coordinates are0.0 ,302.0 1019 104300.144 DImage list653 Clicking on image coordinates are0.0 ,0.0 1019 104300.303 DonDraw653 In onDraw coordinates of text position[0.0, 151.0] image position[0.0, 320.0] codepre  pThird time selection of text and imagep  precode1019 104324.962 DText list653 Clicking on text coordinates are0.0 ,0.0 1019 104326.144 DImage list653 Clicking on image coordinates are0.0 ,320.0 1019 104326.261 DonDraw653 In onDraw coordinates of text position[0.0, 151.0] image position[0.0, 320.0] codepre  pThanks in advance .p
Negative 802 pFollowing yesterdays issue  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comq128220681735214DOM Equidistant divs with inlineblocks and text justify won39t work when inserting through JSa   which Snuffleupagus was kind enough to help me understand, I stumbled into another weird browser behaviour.p  pUpdated fiddle in here a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netxmajoxNUJnZ relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netxmajoxNUJnZap  pWhen any kind of content is added block or inline to the divs they shift down. When all divs have content, they magically move back into their correct places.p  pI tried starting them all with some dummy content div and then just changing that childrens text but it reacts the same way.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pIm not sure where the correct place is to ask this question but here goesp  pIm trying to extract some data from the 2010 census, specifically the statelevel summary files 1 amp 2 for New Jersey and put it into R.  Specifically Im looking for income and family size by citymunicipality.p  pI can download and unzip the files from here a hrefhttpwww2.census.govcensus201004SummaryFile1NewJersey relnofollowNJ SF1 Filea, but I cant figure out how to put the files together for use as they dont seem to have any headings on them.p  pId appreciate any suggestions on how this data is organized and apologize in advance for posting in the incorrect area.p  pNOTE Ive looked at the codeusCensus2010code package and it might be a good alternative but Im trying to avoid downloading 2 GB and doing an install from source if possible.p
Negative 802 pI have a ListView in a ListFragment and I want to change the background of the fragment when the user changes the focused item in the list.  I specifically say focus here because this is a Google TV app so Im targeting dpad controls and item selection does something else.p  pThe questions is, how can I get a notification or callback when the list item focus changes, similar on onListItemClick, but for focus  Ive tried setting the OnFocusChangeListener on the row view when the adapter creates it but that doesnt ever seem to be called.p
Negative 802 pI have a chrome extension browser action that I want to have list a series of links, and open any selected link in the current tab. So far what I have is this, using jqueryp  precodevar url  urlForThisLink var li  ltligt var ahref  lta hrefgt  title  ltagt ahref.clickfunction     chrome.tabs.getSelectednull, function tab          chrome.tabs.updatetab.id, url url       li.appendahref codepre  pIt partially works. It does navigate the current tab, but will only navigate to whichever link was last created in this manner. How can I do this for an iterated series of linksp
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4950725howdoigetgittoshowmewhichbranchesaretrackingwhathow do I get git to show me which branches are tracking whata  p blockquote    pIve added two remote repos to my Git projectp  precode git remote show cavneb origin codepre  pI setup my master branch to track codecavnebmastercodep  precode git branch setupstream master cavnebmaster codepre  pEvery other branch tracks the corresponding branch from origin. Is there some way that I can see which remote branch is being tracked by each local branchp
Negative 802 pI have a UICollection View with cells that contain images from the web. I use the EGOImageView class to load the images in the background, however with really large images there is about a half a second freeze on the iPhone and on the iPad it is very noticeable. Is there anything I can do to make it more efficient Is there a way to download a compressed version of large imagesp
Negative 802 pSorry for a big question, but I cant explain my situation with less information.br I designed a database system that is like thisp  precodeCREATE TABLE servers     ID bigint primary key not null      other fields of the server   CREATE TABLE producers     ID bigint not null,     ServerID bigint not null,      other field of the producer      constraint PKproducers         primary key ID, ServerID,     constraint FKproducerservers         foreign keyServerID references servers  CREATE TABLE records     ID bigint primary key,     ServerID bigint not null,     ProducerID bigint not null      other fields of record      constraint FKrecordsservers         foreign keyServerID references servers     constraint FKrecordsproducers         foreign keyServerID, ProducerID references producers   CREATE TABLE groups     ID bigint not null primary key,     GroupName nvarchar50 not null,     Permissions int not null      other fields of the group   CREATE TABLE users     ID bigint not null primary key,     UserName nvarchar50 not null unique,     Permissions int not null      other fields of user   CREATE TABLE usersingroups     UserID bigint not null,     GroupID bigint not null,     constraint PKusersingroups primary key UserID, GroupID,     constraint FKuigusers foreign keyUserID references users,     constraint FKuiggroups foreign keyGroupID references groups  codepre  pData will be added to coderecordscode from codeproducerscode and each producer may provide 5002000 records per day and each codeservercode usually have 24 producer and it is completely normal to have 36 server. As you see coderecordscode table is growing really fastI periodically archive some data and shrink database but coderecordscode table usually have  100000 record.p  pNow my question isbr As you see users have different permissions, based on which group they currently belong and which permissions applied to them by administrators, now I have to advance this system in a way that each user may have different permissions to different itemscodeservercode, codeproducercode and coderecordcode in a way that if a user have explicit permission to an item use that permission otherwise use permission from parent and at least global permissions of the user. For example user permissions to a coderecordcode will be indicated from permissions that applied to that coderecordcode, its codeproducercode, its codeservercode or permissions that defined for the user.p  pAs first workaround I think I will implement relation tables that provide relation between user and various objects as followp  precodeCREATE TABLE userserverpermissions     UserID bigint not null,     ServerID bigint not null,     Permissions int not null,     constraint PKusp primary key UserID, ServerID,     constraint FKuspusers foreign key UserID references users,     constraint FKuspserver foreign key ServerID references servers  CREATE TABLE userproducerpermissions     UserID bigint not null,     ServerID bigint not null,     ProducerID bigint not null,     Permissions int not null,     constraint PKupp primary key UserID, ServerID, ProducerID,     constraint FKuppusers foreign key UserID references users,     constraint FKuppserver foreign key ServerID references servers     constraint FKuppproducer foreign key ServerID, ProducerID references producers  CREATE TABLE userrecordpermissions     UserID bigint not null,     RecordID bigint not null,     Permissions int not null,     constraint PKurp primary key UserID, ServerID,     constraint FKurpusers foreign key UserID references users,     constraint FKurprecord foreign key RecordID references records  codepre  pBut using this approach really decrease performance, because main table that I work with it is coderecordscode and it is a rare condition that an administrator set special permission for a record and most records should use permissions from their codeproducercode but using this technique I should check multiple tables for each access to coderecordscode table. For example a simple query likep  precodeSELECT  FROM records WHERE  Some condition  AND recordisaccessible ID  codepre  pWill kill my server that should be able to respond to multiple clientsbr Most my clients use MSSQL as DBMS but there are few cases where they use MySQL or ORACLE.p  pNow can anyone direct me in a way to accomplish the taskp
Negative 802 pDoes Android support multiple menu folder e.g. like drawablehdpi and drawablemdpi If so what types are supported land, xhdpi, swXXXdpp  pP.S. Sorry for such a goofy question...p  pEdit 1 For example I have different layouts. Depending on that I can have different menu resources, no As a start it would be nice to have sooch folders p  ul liresmenu li liresmenulandli liresmenuxhdpili liresmenuxhdpilandli liresmenusw600dpli ul  pThe first two work fine... but when I try to add the other ones the app work instable on different devices.p
Negative 802 pThis has got to be a stupid simple question, but I havent been able to find an answer despite searching Google multiple times in multiple ways, and digging through the Calc documentation.p  pstrongGIVENstrong an instance of Emacs, with Calc running, and having performed multiple calculations including storing variables and equations, some of which may have come from the .emacs.dcalc.el file,p  pstrongHOWstrong do you return Calc to a empristineem state emwithoutem restarting Emacsp  pemPristineem Nothing on the stack.  Nothing in the trail.  No stored variables or equations.  Etc.p
Negative 802 pIm using the codeArrays.sortcode method to sort an array of my own codeComparablecode objects. Before I use sort the array is full, but after I sort the array and print it to System nothing is printing out. EDIT. the array prints nothing at all. not empty lines, just nothing.p  phere is the code for my method which uses codesortcode p  precodepublic LinkedQueueltPrintgt arraySortLinkedQueueltPrintgt queue1      Print[] thing  new Print[queue1.size]     LinkedQueueltPrintgt newQueue  new LinkedQueueltPrintgt      forint i  0 i ltqueue1.size i              Print ob  queue1.dequeue         thing[i]  ob         System.out.printlnthing[i]   printing works here           Arrays.sortthing      forint j  0jltthing.length1j              System.out.printlnthing[j]   printing does not work here          newQueue.enqueuething[j]           return newQueue  codepre  pand here is the class for the codeComparablecode object called codePrintcode.p  precodepublic class Print implements ComparableltPrintgt      private String name     private int numPages,arrivalTime,startTime,endTime      public PrintString n, int p, int time, int sTime, int eTime              name  n         numPages  p         arrivalTime  time         startTime  sTime         endTime  eTime           public int getPages              return numPages            public int compareToPrint other              ifthis.getPagesltother.getPages             return 1          else ifthis.getPagesgtother.getPages             return 1          else             return 0           public String toString              return namenumPages pages  printed startTimeendTime minutes       codepre
Negative 802 pI have a dll with exporting function p  precodeextern C declspecdllexport IDriver  stdcall GetDriver  codepre  pThere is a programm which is written on Delphi. It cant see the function GetDriver.  Its double awful because I can not get and modify sources of this program.p  pWhat may be the reason of successful loading my dll according log file and failed call exporting function Thank you.p  pWindow 7 x64, Visual Studio 2010, C project for x86 target p
Negative 802 pI have this calculationp  precodefloat tempd  2451545  0.0009  77.048759360  4682 NSLogtempd  f, tempd codepre  pThe result using Xcode is  2456227.250000 But it should be  2456227.21492p  pDo you guys have any idea what Im doing wrong  I cant seem to figure it out.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pHow would you set a program to become the topmost application using Process.Start or something along those linesp  pAny help would be appreciatedp
Negative 802 pI am reading the source code of the dirent.h theres a enump  precodeenum      DTUNKNOWN  0,   unknown type     define DTUNKNOWN DTUNKNOWN     DTFIFO  1,      a named pipe, or FIFO     define DTFIFO DTFIFO     DTCHR  2,      a character device     define DTCHR DTCHR     DTDIR  4,      a directory     define DTDIR DTDIR     DTBLK  6,      a block device     define DTBLK DTBLK     DTREG  8,      regular file     define DTREG DTREG     DTLNK  10,     symbolic link     define DTLNK DTLNK     DTSOCK  12,    local domain socket     define DTSOCK DTSOCK     DTWHT  14           define DTWHT DTWHT  codepre  pSO what is DTWHT Ive searched the Single Unix Specification Version 4, and got nothing. My distro is CentOS 6.2 x64 Linux Kernel Version is 2.6.32220.x16.x8664.p  pThank you very muchp
Negative 802 pI am running a website on dotcloud which uses nginx to serve both static content and html pages, and django to serve json for ajax requests.p  pI am having trouble configuring my nginx.conf file, since it seems that anything not specifically mentioned here will be given to django which will produce an error.p  pFor example, say a user wants to access the about page, so they type www.example.comabout into the browser. I want nginx to server back about.html without django being involved at all. How can I do this Ive tried the followingp  precoderewrite about  pathtofileabout.html break codepre  pBut this doesnt seem to work. Am i doing something wrong herep  pThanks for the help.p
Negative 802 pThe fat arrow can be used in different settings but it somehow doesnt always bind to the instance I want.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a rumourbased website. In one part of the site, there is a working feature where you are post rumours and the rumours are shown.p  pBut i am working on the homepage so that the two latest rumours are placed into a table. With my code below, there is a table with no rows, despite data being in the mysql table, and this error message p  blockquote   pWarning mysqlfetchassoc supplied argument is not a valid MySQL result resource in websites123regLinuxPackage22theqlitheqlick.compublichtmlleeds.php on line 212p blockquote  pAny idea My code is belowp  precodequery  SELECT  FROM rumour ORDER BY id DESC row  mysqlfetchassocquery  id  row[id] name  row[name] description  row[description]  echo lttable class rumour border1gt echo lttrgt echo lttd style  fontsize18ptfontfamilyNoteworthyBoldgt Hot Rumours  lttdgt echo lttrgt echo lttd class  td1gt. text2linkrow[description]. lttdgt echo lttrgt echo lttrgt echo lttd class  td1gt. text2linkrow[description]. lttdgt echo lttrgt echo lttablegt codepre
Negative 802 pThe problem is that the form which Im trying to validate is located on a page which is loaded via AJAX. Ive tried to call validationengine after the page is loaded, but it doesnt seem to work. Is it possible to use this plugin to validate such formsp
Negative 802 pWorking on an application using Node.jsSocket.IO that requires wide browser compatibility, so its expected that clients may not have WebSocket support in their browsers. I wanted to know whats the most robust way to authenticate users no matter the underlying transport. p  pThere are a number of examples which send a cookie with the sessionID on the connecthandshake which is ideal but Im concerned that this wont work with Flash Sockets as the cookies sent are different. p  pThe other approach is to get the client to store the SessionID when the user authenticates and then when the user requires Socket connection you send the session ID though as the first message. The issue with this approach is you incur overhead of establishing a full connection which is not ideal from a load or security perspective.p  pWhat is the best authentication pattern using Socket.IO during the connectionhandshake phase i.e. not sending a token through the connected socket, not matter what underlying transport mechanism is used between the client amp serverp
Negative 802 pThis is my programp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  define uart0 0x860 define uart1 0x880  void sendchar int output       int nothing     while write on uart1 is not ready, wait     whileuart18 amp 0x0040 ampamp 0x0040 8 eller 2 2 byte 8 bitar              nothing  0           uart14  output  4 eller 1 en byte 4 bitar   int reccharxvoid      ifuart18 amp 0x0040 ampamp 0x0040 8 eller 2 2 byte 8 bitar              return uart1 amp 0x000f          else              return 1       codepre  pThe compiler complains p  blockquote   pexpected  before outputp blockquote  pWhy How can I fix it I dont understand the complaint. p  h2Updateh2  pWeve rewritten to program but we still get compilation errorsp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt  static int const uart1  int 0x880  void sendchar int output       int nothing     while write on uart1 is not ready, wait     whileuart1[2] amp 0x0040 ampamp 0x0040 8 eller 2 2 byte 8 bitar              do nothing         nothing  0           uart1[1]  output  skriv till uart1   int reccharxvoid      ifuart18 amp 0x0040 ampamp 0x0040 8 eller 2 2 byte 8 bitar              return uart1 amp 0x000f          else              return 1       codepre
Negative 802 pI have an use case where I need to get the total number of Javascript lines executed when my web page is loading.p  pThe problem I am facing is that the browser throws an alert when a certain number of JS execution exceed  5 million I think in case of IE  and the page gets hanged.p  pI used the profiler available in IE Developers tool bar,but it gives me the total number of JS functions called but not the total numbercount of lines executed.p  pAny help is appreciated.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIm using QPainter to draw multiline text on QImage. However, I also need to display a colored rectangle around each characters bounding box.p  pSo I need to know the bounding box that each character had when being drawn.p  pFor example, forp  precodepainter.drawTextQRect100, 100, 200, 200, QtTextWordWrap, linenline2, ampr codepre  pI would need to get 10 rectangles, taking into account newlines, wordwrap, tabs, etc.p  pFor example, the rectangle of the second codelcode would be below the rectangle of the first codelcode, instead of being to the right of codeecode, because of the newline.p  pSomething like the coordinates of the red rectangles in this picture Ive put them by hand so theyre not really the correct positionsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfSOuT.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pWhen I put button on a toolbar, its style changes automatically to match the toolbar elements.p  pI derived my own class from a ToggleButton, and now if I instantiate one on the toolbar, it looks like ordinary button again. How can I access the builtin templates of the WPF, such that I dont have to recreate the whole template from scratchp
Negative 802 pIm trying to set a SQL query as the ComboBoxs row source.p  pHere it is.p  precodeSELECT .   FROM   INNER JOIN  ON .  .              RIGHT JOIN  ON .  .  WHERE .  [].[Value],        .  [NaprCombo].[Value],        . gt Date codepre  pBut Access displays a message that I have an error in codeJOINcode statement.p  pWhat I want select code.code from table codecode which has a code.code with code.code equal to code.code selected in combobox.p  pI think I should select codecode matching condition from combobos at first and then join them to source table. Maybe I have a problem with parentheses. Maybe I dont understand how nested codeJOINcodes work in MS Access.p  pData structure is shown on pic.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.como0F2N.png alt1p  h1Updateh1  pExact message given by Access Syntax error in JOIN operation.p
Negative 802 pI have three activities A, B, C.  Activity A can start B or C.  When A starts C i can return to A just have pressed back button. But i want return to B and then to A with second press of back button.p  pI tried to use TaskBackStack in this way p  precodefinal TaskStackBuilder builder  TaskStackBuilder.createthis     .addParentStackthis     .addNextIntentnew Intentthis, B.class     .addNextIntentnew Intentthis, C.class builder.startActivities codepre  pBut its not working... Can anyone help mep  pSorry for my English and thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI feel a bit dump but there is something I dont understand or even know if its possible about prototyping in JavaScript.br Id like to use a method while Im creating the prototype of my pseudoclass p  precodevar Class  function  Class.prototype       a function          return ok        , z Class.prototype.a  I tried with thisconstructoretc.   TypeError Object [object Object] has no method a the rest isnt evaluated var test  new Class test.z codepre  pI know I can do it this way but Id like to know if I can still but all my methodproperties in the codeClass.prototypecode declaration p  precodevar Class  function  Class.prototype.a  function      return ok  Class.prototype.z  Class.prototype.a var test  new Class test.z  ok codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 802 blockquote   pstrongPossible Duplicatestrongbr   a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6270004howcaniconverteregexpressionstopreginphpHow can I convert ereg expressions to preg in PHPa  p blockquote    pThe site I am working on has been migrated to a server using php 5.3.16 from 5.2.17 We have a problem with the function ereg being deprecated.p  pHow can I resolve the issue with the following linesp  precode1 ereg[09], v[1] 2 ereg[AZaz ], v[4] 3 ereg4[09]12[09]3, v[1] 4 ereg5[15][09]14, v[1] 5 ereg3[47][09]13, v[1] 6 eregexp, value codepre
Negative 802 pI tryp  precodenecessaryStuffOnly  SoupStrainertable,class viewstable soup  BeautifulSoupvegetables,parseonlynecessaryStuffOnly codepre  pwithout luck on a table like thisp  precodeltdiv classviewcontentgt   lttable classviewstable stickyenabled cols20gt     lttheadgt       lttrgt         lttdgtblablabalttdgt       lttrgt     lttheadgt     lttbodygt       lttrgt         lttdgtmore blablablalttdgt       lttrgt     lttbodygt   lttablegt ltdivgt codepre  pand this does work for the divp  precodeSoupStrainerdiv,class viewcontent codepre  pCant a SoupStrainer like this filter on element with multiple classesp
Negative 802 pI am updating my core data model in the next version of my app. I have added a new entity for Departments, following the instructions a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1830079iphonecoredataautomaticlightweightmigrationherea.p  pI would like to add some sample departments, both for new users and those who update to the latest version. My approach up till now has been to store a HasLaunchedOnce boolean in code[NSUserDefaults standardDefaults]code, which if missing adds some reference data and sets itself to YES for the next launch.p  pShould I add a similar flag hasLaunchedV1.1Once to add my departments What other approaches could I take My goal is to keep things as simple as possible for future versions. I would prefer to simply check if any departments exist, but of course this would fire if the user had deleted all departments manually.p
Negative 802 pI have a urllib2 opener, and wish to use it for a POST request with some data.p  pI am looking to receive the content of the page that I am POSTing to, and also the URL of the page that is returned I think this is just a 30x code so something along those lines would be awesome.p  pThink of this as the codep  precodeanOpener  urllib2.buildopener, anOpener.addheaders  [,,,,...,,]  do some other stuff with the opener  data  urllib.urlencodedictionaryWithPostValues pageContent  anOpener.THEANSWERTOTHISQUESTION pageURL  anOpener.THESECONDPARTOFTHISQUESTION codepre
Negative 802 pAlright so this question is driving me insane.p  pHow would I use an array as a parameter in a methodp  pSay I have SetTemperature as a method, how would I copy that to say the temperature arrayp  pAlso how would I get the highest intvalue etc in my array using a methodp
Negative 802 pIve installed Windows Phone SDK 8.0 and there are no project types for desktop windows RT applications.p  pHow can I develop this type of applicationsp
Negative 802 pIm trying to make a RouteConfig in Web API, that allows following patternsp  pstrongPatternsstrongp  precodeapicontroller apicontrollerid int, optional  apicontrolleraction apicontrolleractionid int, optional codepre  pstrongUse casesstrongp  precodeapiprofile get all profiles apiprofile13 get profile number 13  apiprofilesendemail send email to all profiles apiprofilesendmail13 send email to profile number 13 codepre  pstrongWhat Im trying is the followingstrongp  precoderoutes.MapHttpRoute     name ControllerAndID,     routeTemplate apicontrollerid,     defaults null,     constraints new  id  d   Dekkar heiltlur eingngu  id parameter   routes.MapHttpRoute     name DefaultApi,     routeTemplate apicontrolleractionid,     defaults new  action  Get, id  RouteParameter.Optional   codepre  pstrongThe error Im getting isstrongp  blockquote   pMultiple actions were found that match the request   rnMinarSidur.Models.DataTransfer.UserProfileDTO sendmailSystem.String   on type   MinarSidur.Controllers.ProfileControllerrnMinarSidur.Models.DataTransfer.UserProfileDTO   sendpaycheckSystem.String on type MinarSidur.Controllers.ProfileControllerp blockquote  pCan you help me accomplishing thisp
Negative 802 pI try to trouble shoot install as it fails recently. I have the following part in my install log file, but do not know how to readinterpret it.  Can anyone point the doc or resources thanks a lot p  precodeMSI s 78A8 [211426012] Doing action viewer.exe Action start 211426 viewer.exe. MSI s 78A8 [211426012] Note 1 2262 2 CustomAction 3 2147287038  MSI s 78A8 [211426022] Transforming table CustomAction.  MSI s 78A8 [211426022] Note 1 2262 2 Binary 3 2147287038  MSI s 78A8 [211426022] Transforming table Binary.  Action ended 211456 viewer.exe. Return value 1. codepre  pEdit  I found one link which is to tell how to interpret msi log  a hrefhttpblogs.technet.combrichardmacdonaldarchive20070402howtointerpretwindowsinstallerlogs.aspx relnofollowhttpblogs.technet.combrichardmacdonaldarchive20070402howtointerpretwindowsinstallerlogs.aspxa p
Negative 802 pFirst of all, I took the animals example from the coffeescript site.p  pI want to simulate next things in javascriptp  ul liClassesli liPublic methods onlyli liPrivate methods and variables onlyli liInheritanceli liCall methods from the super classli ul  pI think this way to create this is ok, but when I try to get the codemovecode method from the parent class, always it returns to itself. What Im doing wrongp  pBTW. Which are the best practices to achieve my goal Is right what Im doingp  precodevar Animal  function      function Animal       var private       var public           move function              console.logCan move                    Animal.prototype  public     Animal.prototype.constructor  Animal     return Animal   var Snake  functionsuper      function Snake       var private       var public           move function              console.logSnake.super.move             console.logSlithering                    Snake.prototype  super.prototype     Snake.super  super.prototype     forvar method in public          ifObject.prototype.toString.callpublic[method]  [object Function]              Snake.prototype[method]  public[method]                   return Snake Animal  var s  new Snake s.move codepre
Negative 802 pI have a question about the way backbone handles it views. Suppose I have the following codep  precodeltdiv idcontainergt    ltdiv idheadergt    ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pAfter this I change header into a backbone view. p  pHow can I now remove that view from the header div again after Im done with the view and add ANOTHER view to the same divp  pI tried just overwriting the variable the view was stored in. This results in the view being changed to the new one...but it will have all the event handlers of the old one still attached to it.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI have two tables, the first one looks like thisp  pstrong[Comparisons]strongp  ul liId intli liCarId1 intli liCarId2 intli liSlug stringli liTimeStampli ul  pThe second onep  pstrong[VehicleSpecs]strongp  ul liId intli liYear intli liMake stringli liModel stringli ul  pI have this query p  precodeSELECT TOP 100   FROM [Comparsions]  WHERE  ORDER BY [TimeStamp] codepre  pIt returns the newest 100 records, but I need to replace the codeCarId1code and codeCarId2code with information from the second table like this codeCarId1 gt [Year  Make  Model]codep
Negative 802 pIm a beginner c programmer, and im getting familiar with the Windows Forms App. I have 2 forms and im trying to understand how to set one of them to be the first one that appears when im running the application.p  pIs there a way to set this, or I have to create the forms by the order they appears p
Negative 802 pI just hit a snag with Robotium trying to reproduce a bug with a functional test. My activity was not setup to properly handle the next key when moving from the user name field to the password field during sign in. I was Googling for a bit and I couldnt com up with a solution. I tried this on my Galaxy Nexusp  precode    solo.clearEditText0     solo.enterText0, Constants.TESTACCOUNT1.getUsername     solo.clickOnEditText0     solo.clickOnScreen672,1132     solo.clickOnEditText0     solo.sleep15000     solo.enterText1, Constants.TESTACCOUNT1.getPassword codepre  pThe idea is to click in the text field to raise the keypad then attempt to click the next button however the click in the edit text field does not raise the keypad. Ive also tried sending the enter key and I tried sending the enter key with FLAGEDITORACTION and neither of them simulate the next key. Helpp
Negative 802 pI used code.mobile.changePagepage3code in my code and designed asp  precode Default.aspx  ltdiv datarolepage idpage1gtHomePageltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idpage2gtSomethingltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idpage3gt      ltaspButton IDbtnSubmit runatserver TextSubmit OnClickcmdsubmitClickgt ltdivgt ltdiv datarolepage idpage4gtSomethingltdivgt codepre  pIn code behindp  precode Default.cs  cmdsubmitClickobject sender, EventArgs e  Open DB Connection Insert Records Status bind to label  codepre  pI have written some DB process in button click event. My problem is when changed to page3 and clicked button, after the response page1 is displaying instead of page3. But in URL showing as ActualURLpage3. How can I maintain last viewed page page3p
Negative 802 pA client is using PHP as followsp  precodefunction getBlahsomething    p1  foo   p2  bar   obj  new COMnamespace.class   result  objgtmethodp1,p2,something   unsetobj   blah  explodechr10,result  and do other stuff   echo blah  codepre  pThe COM object is a VB.NET class. This code works. The PHP is getting executed from a web page.p  pWithin the .NET method another class is instantiated which does communications with a server. On completion of the method, we assume the .NET garbage collection is going to dispose all resources. We further assume that on completion of the PHP method that the COM object will get wrapped up through PHP GC and that those resources will not be available to other processes.p  pBut were finding that as multiple users hit the function simultaneously that threads instantiated within the .NET method objects are being reused. So user1 executes the PHP, the COM object is instantiated and the method called, a managed object is created, that object creates at thread and waits for a server response for some milliseconds to seconds. Now user2 does the same but somehow user1s response comes back on user2s thread. So either or both processes return, and one of them might have the response from the others threadp  pYeah, we all know what assume means, and weve tried explicit resource disposal in every way possible.p  pAnother question here expresses the exact opposite problem  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3164096isitpossibletocacheserializeacomobjectinphpIs it possible to cacheserialize a COM object in PHPa The responses to that say No but this might prove otherwise.p  pReproducing this can be very difficult but the fact that it occurs once in a while is very irritating  imagine submitting a web form and getting a confirmation for someone elses transaction  not good ehp  pWhile the scope of a PHP variable is unique to each process, and each process GCs its own resources at the end of each function, it seems like the memory allocated for COM objects is in some way shared while two users are executing the same code. In other words, a PHP function that includes a COM object does not appear to be reentrant.p  pCan anyone point to some rules to confirm that this is defined behavior, or that this is a verifiable bugbr Is PHP over Windows recognized as not being threadsafebr Is there some flag that needs to be set or some patch to apply to ensure threadsafe stabilitybr Do we need to use semaphores or blocking locksbr Is there some issue or known configuration for FastCGI or IIS7p  pI dont have the PHP version handy and need to get details on the exact environment. Please forgive some missing details, but if you know something is significant please ask. Um, and please dont ask if the answer doesnt change your response. Im also more of a .NET guy than a PHP guy, so I could be missing something else critical here or obvious to a PHP guru.p  pAnd yes, Ive been looking for answers to some of these questions for months, but having no luck with Google or here at SO. So here we are.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIm looking to create a bespoke slider and need some help. In theory, it should be relatively simple. Im making it look incredibly difficult.p  pIve created two buttons  a prevbtn and a nextbtn and I want them to toggle between three slides of DOM elements. At the moment youll be screaming at me to use a slideshow plugin. However, the issue is that these arent actually slides, but are in fact DOM elements scattered around the page that I want to turn onoff by fading them inout. p  pI have given each of the DOM elements I want to show classes named .first, .second and .third to correspond with which phase I want them to show in.p  precodeltdiv id1 classfirstgtltdivgt ltdiv id2 classsecondgtltdivgt ltdiv id3 classthirdgtltdivgt  .second, .third display none codepre  pObviously, when .first objects are displayed, prevbtn should fadeOut the .first objects and fadeIn .third classes. Also when .first objects are visible, nextbtn should fade out .first objects and display .second classes. You get the idea. This is the bit Im struggling on.p  pIve had a fiddle around with addClass and removeClass, but I cant seem to come up with an elegant solution without repeating a click function for every class added to prevbtn AND nextbtn. Which we all know would be ridiculous sample of laboriously ridiculous code below.p  precodejprevbtn.first.clickfunction     jprevbtn.addClassthird.removeClassfirst     jnextbtn.addClassthird.removeClassfirst     j.first.fadeOut500, function         j.third.fadeIn500       jnextbtn.first.clickfunction     jprevbtn.addClasssecond.removeClassfirst     jnextbtn.addClasssecond.removeClassfirst     j.first.fadeOut500, function         j.second.fadeIn500       codepre  pSo, as you can tell from that nonsense, Im not yet the brightest spark at jQuery and cant do the clever stuff just yet, so cheers in advance for the help If anyone can implement an autoslide timer into this too, then wow  just wow. But its not 100 necessary. Cheersp
Negative 802 pI have a problem with some code using curses after upgrading to a new server and thus also new software like libs, headers and such. The problem is the use of the ldat struct fields firstchar, lastchar and text which in the the newer versions of curses.h is hidden in the curses.priv.h and therefore they are not resolved.  p  pI could really use some pointers as to how I might be able to resolve these issues.p  pThe code below indicates the use of the struct fields, but it just a part of the complete code as it several thousand lines...p  pIf there is need for additional code I can add this.p  pI might also add that I have not made this program myself, Im just responsible for making it work with our new server... p  precodeint updatewindowchanged, dw, sw, winshared bool changed WINDOW dw          Destination window  windowt sw        Source window  bool winshared      int y, x     int yind, nx, first, last     chtype pd, ps     pd  pointer destination, ps  pointer source      int nscrolls        Number of scrolls to make        if swgtchanged          changed  FALSE         return0                Determine number of times window is       scrolled since last update          nscrolls  swgtscrollcount ifnscrolls gt swgtny     nscrolls  0      swgtscrollcount  0L      dwgtflags  HASMOVED     dwgtcury  swgtcury     dwgtcurx  swgtcurx      ifnscrolls gt 0           Dont copy lines that is scolled away          fory  nscrolls y lt swgtny y              yind  GETYINDy  nscrolls, swgttoprow, swgtny             ifswgtlastch[yind]  NOCHANGE                  first  dwgtline[y].firstchar  swgtfirstch[yind]                 last  dwgtline[y].lastchar  swgtlastch[yind]                  ps  ampswgtscreen[yind][first]                 pd  chtype ampdwgtline[y].text[first]                 nx  last  first  1                  LOOPDNx, nx                     d  ps                  if winshared                      swgtfirstch[yind]  swgtnx                     swgtlastch[yind]  NOCHANGE                                             else          LOOPUPy, swgtny              yind  GETYINDy, swgttoprow, swgtny             ifswgtlastch[yind]  NOCHANGE                  first  dwgtline[y].firstchar  swgtfirstch[yind]                 last  dwgtline[y].lastchar  swgtlastch[yind]                  ps  ampswgtscreen[yind][first]                 pd  chtype ampdwgtline[y].text[first]                 nx  last  first  1                  LOOPDNx, nx                     pd  ps                  if winshared                      swgtfirstch[yind]  swgtnx                     swgtlastch[yind]  NOCHANGE                                                 if winshared             swgtchanged  FALSE           changed  TRUE     returnnscrolls  codepre  pI appreciate all the help I can getp
Negative 802 pI have a problem in understanding some basic concepts here i think ... I am working on creating a a project for managing a complex database, i am using linq to entities for my database that is in mssql 2012 and WPF  I have 2 main problemsp  pI want to create a generic view for editing remove update and insert a large amount of tables from the database, i have no problem creating the list of tables manually but after that how can i manage it in a generic way   linq to entities does not allow doing something like p  precodestring tableName  listbox.selectedItem.value var a  from p in db.tables[tableName] select p codepre  pand even if i make all this manually for each table how can i create a UI that edits the information  i need to dynamically create a formviewusercontrol for editing that will contain items such as textbox and datetimepickers for each column... but i cannot make a generic selection for a table ... p  pThe other problem i have is manipulating data,  lets say i have a TASK table in the database p  precodevar tsks  from p in TASKs select new p.taskid, p.taskdescription, p.taskdate codepre  pand i want to load it all to a gridview but instead of the taskdate column i need it to be manipulated from a function for example p  precode02122012 will show From Today 30112012 will show From 2 days ago codepre  pand i just dont know how to connect this kind of function to the databinding Ive tried creating sqlfunctions Ive tried calling functions in the code and tried to create extension functions for the entity but always got stuck and failed.   p  pJust to make things clear, i have some nice experience in .net tech but WPF and LINQ is new to me,  i could easily create all Above in asp.net or windows form application using direct contact to the SQL DB without linq  therefore i understand i have a problem with some basics understanding and would to get answers to my 2 questions and will be more than happy to get directions to relevant tutorialsp
Negative 802 pis it possible to rotate text in IEp  precodemoztransform rotate330deg   FF3.5      otransform rotate330deg   Opera 10.5      webkittransform rotate330deg   Saf3.1, Chrome      filter  progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.BasicImagerotation330deg   IE6,IE7      msfilter progidDXImageTransform.Microsoft.BasicImagerotation330deg  IE8  codepre  plines written for IE are not working.p  pCan any one help.p  pstrongEDIT. I want to rotate text crossedstrongp
Negative 802 pI have two buildtargets to check my code quality.p  pI run the following buildtargets every time i compile. This takes up too much time and i would like them to only check the files that did change.p  pIn other words i want to filter files that did not change from the codeItemGroupcode codeCppCheckFilescode  codeLinterFilescode.p  precode  ltTarget NameCppCheckgt     ltItemGroupgt       ltCppCheckFiles Includemain.c gt       ltCppCheckFiles IncludeSource.c gt     ltItemGroupgt     ltMessage TextConfiguration starting. ImportanceHigh gt     ltExec CommandCCppcheckcppcheck.exe CppCheckFiles.FullPath  enablestyle templateampquotfileline errorseverityid messageampquot gt   ltTargetgt   ltTarget NameSPLintgt     ltItemGroupgt       ltLinterFiles Includemain.c gt       ltLinterFiles IncludeSource.c gt       ltLinterFiles IncludeSource.h gt     ltItemGroupgt     ltMessage TextConfiguration starting. ImportanceHigh gt     ltExec CommandsplintCaller LinterFiles.FullPath gt   ltTargetgt codepre  pI know that the regular build process does this and i wonder if i have to go so fas as to write my own task.p
Negative 802 pNeed help with union struct. Im receiving byte stream that consists of various packets, so Im putting the byte data into union struct and accessing needed data via struct members. The problem is with uint32t type member  the read skips its two bytes and shows wrong value when accessing via its member. Heres full demo codep  pPacketUtils.hp  precodeinclude ltstdint.hgt  typedef struct     uint8t startSymbol   uint8t packetType   uint32t deviceId   uint16t packetCRC   PacketData  typedef union     uint8t bytes  stores raw bytes   PacketData packet    Packet   Puts bytes into predefined struct void getPacketFromBytesvoid bytes, Packet packetRef codepre  pPacketUtils.cp  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include UnionStruct.h  void getPacketFromBytesvoid bytes, Packet packetRef    uint8t rawBytes  uint8t bytes   packetRefgtbytes  rawBytes  codepre  pCalling codep  precode sample byte data uint8t packetBytes[]  0x11, 0x02, 0x01, 0x01, 0x01, 0x03, 0xbb, 0xbd  Packet packetRef getPacketFromBytespacketBytes, amppacketRef  printfxn, packetRef.packetgtstartSymbol  good  prints 0x11 printfxn, packetRef.packetgtpacketType  good  prints 0x02  printfxn, packetRef.packetgtdeviceId  bad  prints bd bb 03 01 printfxn, packetRef.packetgtpacketCRC  bad  prints 36 80 some next values in memory codepre  pEverything is OK when PacketData struct consist of uint8t or uint16t type members then the print shows correct values. However, printing deviceId of type uint32t skips two bytes 0x01 0x01 and grabs last 4 bytes. Printing packetCRC prints the values out of given byte array  some two values in memory, like packetBytes[12] and packetBytes[13]. I cant figure out why it skips two bytes... p
Negative 802 pI have data set with code.traincode file and its very large file say 100MB file. I want to perform NER for extracting organization names. I trained using OpenNLP.p  pSample Codep  precodeTokenNameFinderModel modelNameFinderME.trainen,organization,               sampleStream,Collections.ltString, ObjectgtemptyMap  codepre  pBut I get an error codeArrayIndexOutofBoundExceptioncode.p  pIs there any way to train large data set using openNLP for NER Could you post sample codep  pWhen I Googled I found Class GIS and DataIndexer interface can be used to train large data set but I do know how Could you post sample codep
Negative 802 pI currently have an image as my title for my website. Google is not recognizing this as the title and it shows up with something other than what i want in google search. I thought of perhaps adding the below h1  link...p  precodelta hrefgt lth1 stylepostionabsolutemargin1000px 1000pxgtmy titlelth1gt ltimg srcimageslogo.jpg altmy titlegt ltagt codepre  pHowever this doesnt hide the title like I want it to. Any advicep
Negative 802 pI have a Nexus 7 with Android 4.2.1 and I noticed in my app the background image I am using for some linear layouts is drawn incorrectly. With other devices with older versions of the Android OS the 9patch background is drawn correctly but with this device the border line is stretched when it should not be stretched.p  pCorrect Evo 4G v2.3.5 a hrefhttpi.imgur.comWDTNr.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comWDTNr.pngap  pIncorrect N7 v4.2.1 a hrefhttpi.imgur.comHntMY.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comHntMY.pngap  pAny idea what is causing this If not, is there any other way to get the black borders on these views without using 9patch imagesp  pemeditemp  p9patch file a hrefhttpi.imgur.comLDoBE.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comLDoBE.pngap  p9patch in editor tool a hrefhttpi.imgur.comUoydG.png relnofollowhttpi.imgur.comUoydG.pngap  playout xml section using it leftbordergraybkgp  precodeltLinearLayout  androidididMeasurements  androidlayoutwidth0px  androidlayoutheightmatchparent  androidlayoutweight50  androidbackgrounddrawableleftbordergraybkg  androidorientationverticalgt codepre
Negative 802 pI have a small desktop application that stores its data in an SQLite db.p  pCurrently, when the app is first run or the user wants to create a new config I just delete the db file and run a load of emQSqlQuery.execCREATE TABLE...em statements.p  pWhen I realised I had to change the db structure, this lead to a fair bit of work hunting down all the SQL I had used and updating it to work. So now I am trying to come up with a more modular approach to storing the SQLcreating tables...p  pMy first idea was to store the SQL statements for creating the db in a text file, as a Qt resource, but now Ive actually implemented it, it feels clunky QFileQTextStreamloop on readLine and doesnt allow me to format my SQL statements in the text file for readability.p  pAnother way I could do it is to generate an empty db at compiletime and store that as a resource, but to me I think the extra size of the binary would outweigh the gains in simplicity for new db creation.p  pI could create a load of global const QStrings, but I like this idea least of all and would prefer to seperate nonCQt from the source code if possible.p  pSo, any ideas from the gurus out therep
Negative 802 pIve created a sub of the zentheme. And am mighty proud of it, but up in the top right corner secondarymenu the usermenu shows up  perfectly.p  pI just dont understand how it gets there  p  ul liIn structureblocks the usermenu appears in the Disabled section Region None  li liIn fact, there IS no region called secondarymenu id of the element gotten from Firebug  li ul  pIsnt that strangep
Negative 802 pThis question has been already asked but Ive not found a 1 voice answer.p  pIs it better to do p  ul li1 big table with li ul  puserid  attribute1  attribute2  attribute3  attribute4p  ul lior 4 smal tables with  userid  attribute1li ul  puserid  attribute2p  puserid  attribute3p  puserid  attribute4p  p1 big table or many small tables  Each user can only have 1 value for attributeX. We have a lot of data to save 100 millions users. We are using innoDB. Performance are really important for us 10 000 queries  s.p  pThanks p  pFranoisp
Negative 802 pRecently I was asked to work on a project which was developed for an aviculture company.br The client asked if I can make the application which was being developed in C, to work on a tablet.br So i want to know if i finish the application in c normally Will I be able tobr 1.Use the codemono for androidcode and compile the whole project with that and get an android app easily for being used in android devicesbr 2.Use the executable project on a Windows 8 tablet without any changesbr I would be grateful if any one could answer these two questions.p
Negative 802 pI have an use case where I need to strip decryption of password protected zip file attached to an email, and replace it with the same zip file unencrypted. What I have so far p  precodeimport zipfile import StringIO  ...  if part.getcontenttype  applicationzip     encryptedstring  part.getpayload.decodebase64     encryptedzip  zipfile.ZipFileStringIOencryptedstring     encryptedzip.setpasswordpassword codepre  pI know that the zip file is now decrypted as I can do codeencryptedzip.namelistcode and it works. Now that I have regular zip in the var encryptedzip, I would just like to base64 encode it and replace the payload of the current attachment and move forward to next attachment. However, ZipFile does not have .tostring method which i could use to reencode it. p  pHow do I achieve this p
Negative 802 pI have a vector of objects and I want to return the range of elements whose attribute have a specific value. This is the structurep  precodeclass A  public   stdvectorltBgt vec   pairltvectorltBgtiterator, vectorltBgtiteratorgt getElementsunsigned int attrval   unsigned int name  return name  private   unsigned int name   class B  public   unsigned int attr  return attr    A source  return source    B dest  return dest  private   A source   B dest   unsigned int attr  codepre  pThe vector codeveccode is already sorted by codeattrcode and codedestgtnamecode in that order. Now I want to return all elements, whose codeattrcode is equal to codeattrvalcode.p  pWhat is the appropriate stl algorithm or is there even a vector member function to implement codegetElementsunsigned int attrvalcodep
Negative 802 pIm making a customer case management system with Symfony 2.1 and Ive stumbled on this weird problem Im unable to resolve. For some reason when I do the showAction with codeCustomerCaseControllercode, I get the following error p  blockquote   pClass HSWAshaBundleEntityUserInterface does not existbr   500 Internal Server Errorp blockquote  pI have no idea which part of the application is requiring that interface. strongIf I create an empty codeUserInterface.phpcode class, the problem goes awaystrong and everything works. Why does the codeshowActioncode require codeUserInterfacecodep  pI have narrowed the problem to somehow relate to this piece of code in the showControllerp  precodecustomercase  thisgtgetDoctrine gtgetRepositoryHSWAshaBundleCustomerCase gtfindid codepre  pI have the following entitiesp  ul licodeUsercode for login and submitting casesli licodeCustomercode for Customersli licodeCustomerCasecode for cases.li ul  pThe codeCustomerCasecode has a ManyToOne relation with codeCustomercode and codeUsercode entities in the following wayp  pstrong srcHSWAshaBundleEntityCustomerCase.phpstrong     namespace HSWAshaBundleEntityp  precodeuse DoctrineORMMapping as ORM use GedmoMappingAnnotation as Gedmo use DoctrineCommonCollectionsArrayCollection     CustomerCase     ORMTablenamehswcustomerCase   ORMEntity   GedmoLoggable   GedmoSoftDeleteablefieldNamedeletedAt   class CustomerCase       ORMManyToOnetargetEntityCustomer, inversedBycustomerCases    ORMJoinColumnnamecustomerid, referencedColumnNameid, nullablefalse    protected customer      ORMManyToOnetargetEntityUser, inversedBycreatedCustomerCases    ORMJoinColumnnamecreatorid, referencedColumnNameid, nullablefalse    protected creator      ORMManyToOnetargetEntityUser, inversedByholdingCustomerCases    ORMJoinColumnnameholderid, referencedColumnNameid, nullablefalse    protected holder .....etc.... codepre  pstrong srcHSWAshaBundleEntityCustomerCase.phpstrong     namespace HSWAshaBundleEntityp  precodeuse SymfonyComponentSecurityCoreUserEquatableInterface use DoctrineORMMapping as ORM use SymfonyComponentSecurityCoreUserAdvancedUserInterface use DoctrineCommonCollectionsArrayCollection     HSWAshaBundleEntityUser     ORMTablenamehswusers   ORMEntityrepositoryClassHSWAshaBundleEntityUserRepository    class User implements AdvancedUserInterface  .....etc.... codepre  pstrongCould the relationship with the User entity affect this somehowstrong Thats the only visible difference I see between codeCustomerCase.phpcode and codeCustomer.phpcode where codeshowActioncode works without codeUserInterfacecode. p  pCan someone help me to debug this behaviour. It seems really useless to have an empty codeUserInterfacecode class only because Symfony requires is for an unknown reason.p
Negative 802 pDear fellow iOS developersp  pI have an codeNSMutableArraycode that contains objects of type Person.  The Person object contains parameters of codeNSStringcode name, codeNSStringcode dateStamp, and codeNSStringcode testScore.  What I would like to do using fast enumeration, is to check to see in the codeNSMutableArraycode testResults, is see if an object with the same name parameter exists.  If it does, then I want to replace the existing object in the codeNSMutableArraycode, with the object that I am about to insert which will have the most current codedateStampcode, and testScore values.  If an object with no matching name parameter is found, then simply insert the object that I have.p  pMy code so far looks like thisp  pThis is the code that creates my object that I am about to insertp  precodePerson newPerson  [[Person alloc] init]     [newPerson setPersonNamenewName] variables newName, pass, and newDate have already been      [newPerson setScorepass]      created and initialized     [newPerson setDateStampnewDate] codepre  pand here is the code where I try to iterate through the NSMutableArray to see if an object with the same name parameter already existsp  precodefor Person checkPerson in personList  personList is of type NSMutableArray          if newPerson.newName  checkPerson.name              here is where I need to insert the code that replaces checkPerson with newPerson after a match has been found                        else                personList.addObjectnewPerson this is the code that adds the new object to the NSMutableArray when no match was found.        codepre  pIts not a very complicated problem, but I am confused as to how to go about finding a match, and then replacing the actual object without knowing ahead of time what index the object resides in.p  pThanks in advance to all who reply.p
Negative 802 h1Long story shorth1  pPlease see the demo a hrefhttpdl.dropbox.comu8743819reducedtestcaseoverlaysandclickeventssrcdooverlay.html relnofollowherea.p  pI have several codediv.storyinmyworkscodep  pinside each codediv.storyinmyworkscode, there is a codediv.pageimagedivoverlaycode that controls the overlay over each codediv.storyinmyworkscode.p  pInside each codediv.pageimagedivoverlaycode there is a codea.btnstorysettingcode responsible for hiding and showing a codediv.storysettingstalkbubbleleftcode.p  pboth codea.btnstorysettingcode and codediv.storysettingstalkbubbleleftcode are child elements of codediv.pageimagedivoverlaycode.p  pHere is a snippetp  precodeltdiv classimgholder storyinmyworks  rel91 stylebackground urlimg01d0.jpg1353745136 norepeat backgroundsize cover border 1px solid DCDDDEgt             ltdiv classpageimagedivoverlaygt                 lta classbtnstorysetting hrefgtltspangtltspangtltagt                 ltdiv classstorysettingstalkbubbleleft settingsbubble borderradius5 hidden talkbubblepaddinggt codepre  pThe basic issue is I want a different behavior when I click on div.storyinmyworks OR div.pageimagedivoverlay which does NOT affect the click event handler for codea.btnstorysettingcode         p  h1What I wanted to accomplishh1  ol liwhen cursor moves into any single codediv.storyinmyworkscode, an overlay appears over that codedivcode strongdonestrongli liwhen cursor moves into any single codediv.storyinmyworkscode, an image codebtnstorysetting12x12.pngcode appears at the top right hand corner strongdonestrongli liwhen left click on the codebtnstorysetting12x12.pngcode, a bubble appears right next to the image. strongdonestrongli liwhen the bubble appears, the selected codediv.storyinmyworkscode continues to exhibit the overlay look strongdonestrongli liAfter the bubble appears and then left click anywhere else in the doc, the bubble closes and codediv.storyinmyworkscode goes back to normal without the overlay strongdonestrongli liAfter the bubble appears, cursor can leave the bubble and the bubble stay visible and the overlay for the selected codediv.storyinmyworkscode remains. strongdonestrongli liWhen a bubble is opened for 1 codediv.storyinmyworkscode and then cursor opens the codebtnstorysetting12x12.pngcode of ANOTHER codediv.storyinmyworkscode, the previous bubble disappears and the corresponding overlay is hidden, but the currently selected codedivcode now has the overlay and the bubble appears for the currently selected codedivcode strongdonestrongli liWithout changing any of the previous 7 behavior, I want to be able to click on the codediv.storyinmyworkscode which leads to another behavior e.g., navigating to another webpage.li ol  pNote that those marked strongdonestrong are accomplished. Please see the demo a hrefhttpdl.dropbox.comu8743819reducedtestcaseoverlaysandclickeventssrcdooverlay.html relnofollowherea.p  h1What I tried and gotten as a resulth1  pI tried to do 8 but rule 2  7 will be instantly broken.p  h1What I needh1  pA way to accomodate all 8 requirements without breaking anything else.p  h1FAQsh1  ol liis this your full appli ol  pNo. I did a reduced test case where i stripped out as much unnecessary code to explain my problem without affecting the problem statement as possible.p  pYou can tell by noticing that there is no stylings for the links inside the talk bubbles in the demo.p  h1Disclosureh1  ol liI have crossposted this same question at csstricks.com over a hrefhttpcsstricks.comforumsdiscussion21193howtoassigndifferentbehaviortoparentandchildelementswhenchildishoveringontopofparenItem1 relnofollowherea to gather greater attention to my problem.li ol
Negative 802 pI recently wanted to write a simple migration script. I wrotep  precodeentries  Entries.alltext gt test  entries.each do entry   entry.updatetext gt entry.text.gsubtest, notest end codepre  pIt didnt save the records, even though the update statement returned true. What did I missp
Negative 802 pI am writing a web app in PHP for our Joomla CMS that needs to query a SharePoint web service that is locked down under SSLHTTPS.  p  pMy server is also running SSL and users authenticate to MY web server and provide credentials a company issued cert.  So now I know who they are.p  pI need to be able to query our SharePoint server different servers and different people managing them for this user but I cannot authenitcate to SharePoint as this user.p  pI need to present a high level application cert that can see everything in SharePoint and tell SharePoint who Im doing the search for the user.  And then have SharePoint return only those items or lists that the user is allowed to see.  This is a proxied search, correctp  pIm probably not using the correct search terms in Google, but I cannot find anything on the web that might help me.  Ill need to coordinate with the SharePoint people to set this up, but Im not even sure what to tell them I need.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI am running Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate. I have installed the Intuiut SDK v12.0 to its default location. I copied the file IntuitWizardQBFC.zip and pated it into the templates folder for visual studio. The icon for the quick books template is on the interview screen but when I click on it I get an error message. It states Could not load file or assembly Interop QBFC10, Version11.0.0.132, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken31d8aec64e18259 or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the specified file I saw a similar post regaurding an existing application. I cannot open the template to create the first application. My machine is Windows 7 64 bit. When I write programs for class I set the target to x86 so If I can test them on older computers. This setting is usually set after the solution is created when the new project is started. Please help I am currently using access to get data from my QB data base and want to do something diffrent.  p
Negative 802 pI am currently working on an android project and I am having a bit of a strange issue. Its probably something really simple Im missing but cant see what Ive done wrong. p  pIve added a new menu item to my XML file and then I am trying to reference the new menu item to either show it or hide it. The menu item is being shown on the screen when I run the app so I know I have the XML correct and have the correct file but when I try and do findViewById it returns null.p  pBelow is the code. p  precodeMenuItem mnuUpgrade     mnuUpgrade  MenuItemfindViewByIdR.id.mnuupgrade             if common.checkForProVersion                              mnuUpgrade.setVisiblefalse                          else                              mnuUpgrade.setVisibletrue              codepre  pand below is my XML filep  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmenu xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid gt     ltitem androidididmnuaddLogin         androidtitleNew Login         androidiconandroiddrawableicmenuadd         androidshowAsActionalwaysgt     ltitemgt     ltitem androidididmnusearch         androidtitleSearch         androidiconandroiddrawableicmenusearch         androidshowAsActionalwaysgt     ltitemgt     ltitem androidididmnusettings         androidtitleSettings         androidshowAsActionifRoom         androidiconandroiddrawableicmenumanagegt     ltitemgt     ltitem androidididmnuupgrade         androidtitleUpgrade         androidshowAsActionifRoom         androidiconandroiddrawableicmenuuploadgt     ltitemgt     ltitem androidididmnulogout         androidtitleLog out         androidshowAsActionifRoom         androidiconandroiddrawableicmenucloseclearcancelgt     ltitemgt ltmenugt codepre  pThanks for any help you can provide. p
Negative 802 pIn Bluehost under the cronjob task list I have set up a job that executes every minute.p  precodemysql usermyusername passwordmypassword use mydb         e UPDATE users SET val  1 WHERE name  matt codepre  pI believe I am not selecting the database properly as I am using the same username and pass to log into PHPmyAdmin and the SQL query works fine once I have logged into PHPmyAdmin.p  pWhere is the mistakep
Negative 802 pIm using strongsolr 3.6.1strong in my project and since yesterday I get following errors if I try to update the indexp  pre classlangnone prettyprintoverridecodeSocket accept failed java.net.SocketException Too many open files  org.apache.lucene.store.LockObtainFailedException Lock obtain timed out    NativeFSLockoptjbossas7.1.1.Finaldomainserversserveronelibapachesolr3.6.1  examplesolr.dataindexwrite.lock codepre  pI already found following solutions to avoid these errors p  ul lisolrconfig.xml ul lichange index to a compoundindex codeltuseCompoundFilegttrueltuseCompoundFilegtcodeli lilower the merge factor codeltmergeFactorgt2ltmergeFactorgtcode   best value  2 and lt 10  defaultli ulli liFile Descriptor ul lie.g. codeulimit n200000codeli ulli ul  pWhat is the best solutionp
Negative 802 pI  have the followingp  precode    ltdiv idbtnLgtLeftltdivgt     ltdiv idbtnRgtRightltdivgt      lttable idtab1gt             lttheadgt                     lttrgt                             lttdgtItemlttdgt                             lttdgtPricelttdgt                             lttdgtDescriptlttdgt                     lttrgt             lttheadgt             lttbodygt                     lttrgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                     lttrgt                     lttrgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                     lttrgt                     .                     .                     .                     lttrgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                             lttdgtEntrylttdgt                     lttrgt              lttbodygt     lttablegt      ltscriptgt             btnR.clickfunctione                      tab1 thead tr tdnthchildn2.cssdisplay,tablecell                     tab1 thead tr tdnthchildn1.cssdisplay,none                          btnL.clickfunctione                      tab1 thead tr tdnthchildn2.cssdisplay,none                     tab1 thead tr tdnthchildn1.cssdisplay,tablecell                  ltscriptgt codepre  pThe code works as expected, hiding and showing the last element.  The issue is there are 20,000 rows in the table and rendering is very slow.  I would like to only affect elements in the viewport  a few and as the user scrolls down change the others as opposed to change them all at once.p
Negative 802 pI made a threadpool class as follows using C11.p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltfunctionalgt include ltvectorgt include ltconditionvariablegt include ltthreadgt include ltmutexgt include ltqueuegt include ltatomicgt include ltfuturegt  class threadpool      struct task          stdsizet mpriority         stdfunctionltvoidgt mfn         bool operatortask t1, task t2 const              return t1gtmpriority lt t2gtmpriority               public     threadpoolstdsizet nthreads     threadpool      void assignstdfunctionltvoidgt fn, stdsizet priority     template lttypename Tgt stdfutureltTgt assignstdfunctionltTgt fn, stdsizet priority private     void funnel     stdvectorltstdthreadgt mthreadlist     stdpriorityqueuelttask, stdvectorlttaskgt, taskgt mtasks     stdmutex mtasksmtx     stdconditionvariable mnewc     stdmutex mnewcmtx     stdatomicltboolgt mdestruct  threadpoolthreadpoolstdsizet nthreads      for stdsizet n  nthreads n gt 0 n         mthreadlist.pushbacknew stdthreadstdbindampthreadpoolfunnel, this  threadpoolthreadpool      mdestruct  true     while mthreadlist.empty          mnewc.notifyone         ...   template lttypename Tgt stdfutureltTgt assignstdfunctionltTgt fn, stdsizet priority      stdpromiseltTgt prom     stdfutureltTgt ft  prom.getfuture     threadpooltask t  new task     tgtmfn  stdbind[]stdpromiseltTgtamp p          p.setvaluefn     , stdrefprom     tgtmpriority  priority              stdlockguardltstdmutexgt lockmtasksmtx         mtasks.pusht          mnewc.notifyone     return ft  void threadpoolfunnel      while mdestruct                       stduniquelockltstdmutexgt lockthisgtmnewcmtx             mnewc.waitlock                  for               threadpooltask t                              stdlockguardltstdmutexgt lockmtasksmtx                 if mtasks.empty break                 t  mtasks.top                 mtasks.pop                          tgtmfn             delete t                int count      return 3  int mainint argc, char argv[]      threadpool herppool  new threadpool10     forint i  0 ilt900i          auto derp  herppoolgtassignltintgtcount,3  lt error here         printfd, derp.get          delete herppool     getchar  codepre  pI am unable to solve why I get the following error under MSVC 2012 at the line specified.p  precode1gt  main.cpp 1gtmain.obj  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol public class stdfutureltintgt thiscall threadpoolassignltintgtclass stdfunctionltint cdeclvoidgt,unsigned int assignHthreadpoolQAEAVfutureHstdVfunctionA6AHXZ2IZ 1gtCUsers...visual studio 2012ProjectsthreadpoolReleasethreadpool.exe  fatal error LNK1120 1 unresolved externals  Build 0 succeeded, 1 failed, 0 uptodate, 0 skipped  codepre  pTo me, it looks like the function exists. Ive no idea what the linker is complaining about and would greatly appreciate some help tracking down the error. Ive been staring at it for a few hours now.p
Negative 802 pThe usual way of creating an audio player in JavaScriptp  precodevar a  new Audio a.src  test.mp3 codepre  passumes the audio data is owned by the codeAudiocode object. What is the proper way to load audio data separately, and then create audio players which would play that existing data One usecase is when you want to play the same sound simultaneously by multiple players, e.g. to create an echo effect. I would assume that to create another player using same data one can just dop  precodevar b  new Audio b.src  a.src codepre  pbut I wonder whether this is the best way to do it... and if it is, whether one would have to wait for codeloadeddatacodecodecanplaythroughcode events on codebcode given those events had already fired on codeacode.p
Negative 802 pIn the a hrefhttpwww.yesodweb.combookpersistent relnofollowPersistent chapter of the Yesod booka, a certain field is given an codeEqcode suffix, but it is never explained why. In the Relations section, we see the following modelsp  precodePerson     name String     deriving Show Car     ownerId PersonId Eq     name String     deriving Show codepre  pSoon after, we are shownp  precodePerson     name String Store     name String PersonStore     personId PersonId     storeId StoreId     UniquePersonStore personId storeId codepre  pAside from the latter being manytomany, what is the difference Ive gathered on IRC that the codeEqcode suffix enables joining on that field. If that is the case, why would a person ever emnotem want the codeEqcode suffix Are there any other cases that codeEqcode should be used aside from relationsp
Negative 802 pI am working on an FPS game. You can see it a hrefhttpstillescarpment3701.herokuapp.com relnofollowdeployed on Heroku  herea it takes almost ten seconds to load so please wait.p  pThe player can shoot properly but the enemies cant, even though theyre using the same logic.p  pBullets get saturated just after the shooting function is called. I need the enemy to shoot the bullets with some suitable delay, just like happens when the player is shooting.p  pHere is my code.p  precode   bulletTempEnemy  new J3D.Transform     bulletTempEnemy.geometry  J3D.Primitive.Sphere0.5, 4, 4    bulletTempEnemy.renderer  J3D.BuiltinShaders.fetchNormal2Color     bulletHolderEnemy  new J3D.Transform  engine.scene.addbulletHolderEnemy     function EnemyShooting   bulletHolderEnemy.position.x swat2.position.x  bulletHolderEnemy.position.y swat2.position.y  bulletHolderEnemy.position.z swat2.position.z    var b  bulletTempEnemy.clone    var f v3.subfirstpersoncontroller.position,swat2.position.norm   b.direction  new v3    b.directionf  b.position.fromArrayf b.progress  0 b.ttl  50  b.animate  function  b.position  b.direction.cp.mult1  b.progress b.progress  1 b.ttl                          ifb.ttl  0                  bulletHolderEnemy.removeb                                                 bulletHolderEnemy.addb    codepre  pThe code below was called in the game loop function codedrawcodep  precode var zdis Math.absMath.absMath.absswat2.position.z   Math.absfirstpersoncontroller.position.z  var xdis Math.absMath.absMath.absswat2.position.x  Math.absfirstpersoncontroller.position.x   ifxdis lt 80      setIntervalEnemyShooting, 90000         forvar i  0 i lt bulletHolderEnemy.numChildren i      bulletHolderEnemy.childAti.animate   codepre  pIm using the a hrefhttpsgithub.comdrojdjouJ3D relnofollowJ3D librarya.p
Negative 802 pI have changed the date format of field, however its not finding the record on new date pattern. p  precodeSELECT id, DATEFORMATsaledate, dmY AS saledate  FROM sales  WHERE saledate  31122012 codepre
Negative 802 pTables structurep  pTESTLINKSp  ul liid li lisourceli liprojectidli liclientidli liqali listgli liprodli liusernameli lipasswordli ul  pPROJECTSp  ul liidli liprojectnameli liclientidli liprojectdescriptionli liprojectmanagerli liqbidli liaetidli liuatdateli litargetreleasedateli listatusli ul  pPRODUCTSp  ul liidli liproductnameli liprojectmanageruseridli ul  pTESTLINKSPRODUCTSp  ul liidli litestlinksidli liproductsidli ul  pCLIENTSp  ul liidli liclientnameli liclientmanagerli ul  pMy goal is to create a system to input testing links and to enable the user to pull the appropriate testing links based on multiple options which they can select in a series of dropdown boxes.p  pI have setup the PHP and HTML pages to input data into the tables listed above. Now I am trying to setup the MySQL query and PHP required to pull the data into the webpage. p  pI would like the user to be able to query the results based on 1 projects.id 2 testlinks.source 3 products.id 4 clients.idp  pthese would be selected from 4 separate dropdown boxesp  pI was easily able to successfully pull results based on projects.id and testlinks.source because these two tables have projectid in common. However I am now having an issue pulling results based on productid because the products are associated to the testlinks and not to the projects. The testlinksproducts table handles the association of products to testlinks but I do not know how to add this to the query because when I run the query  I get rows repeated several times and doesnt achieve the results that I want.p  pHere is my PHP file which is working for pulling testlinks based on project.id and testlinks.source p  precodequery  SELECT testlinks.id,                  testlinks.source,                  testlinks.projectid,                  testlinks.clientid,                  testlinks.qa,                  testlinks.stg,                   testlinks.prod,                   testlinks.username,                  testlinks.password,                   projects.id,                   projects.projectname            FROM testlinks , projects            WHERE testlinks.projectid  projects.id              AND testlinks.projectidprojectid                   OR testlinks.sourcesource              result  mysqlqueryquery or diemysqlerror   echo lttable classzebragt  echo lttheadgtlttrgt     ltthgtIDltthgt     ltthgtSourceltthgt     ltthgtProject Nameltthgt     ltthgtQAltthgt     ltthgtSTGltthgt     ltthgtProdltthgt     lttrgtlttheadgt whilerow  mysqlfetcharrayresult      echo lttrgt      echo lttdgt.row[id].lttdgt         lttdgt.row[source].lttdgt         lttdgt.row[projectname].  lttdgt         lttdgt.lta href.row[qa]. targetnewgt             ltbuttongtQAltbuttongtltagtlttdgt         lttdgt.lta href.row[stg]. targetnewgt             ltbuttongtSTGltbuttongtltagtlttdgt         lttdgt. lta href.row[prod]. targetnewgt             ltbuttongtPRODltbuttongtltagtlttdgt         lttrgt  echo lttablegt codepre  pCan someone help with adding query functionality to pull testlinks based on productsid contained in testlinksproducts table p  pHelp would be very much appreciated on this onep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIn my javaspring app, I have a velocity template in which I create a map which will hold values also inserted in the templatep  precodeset myMap   codepre  pWhat I want to do is have an ifelse checking if the map is empty.  This doesnt seem to be working for me.  Ive triedp  precodeif myMap.empty ... if myMap.size  0 codepre  pNeither of these work.  What is the correct way to check if a Map is empty in velocity.  Ive tried searching the Documentation and SO, but I cant find an example.p
Negative 802 pI am getting data from these two tables using linq to entities, relationships exist between tables on primary foriegn key basis, result set is coming but every row is repeating multiple times in reult however in Db there are not duplicate rows. Dont understand how to resolve this.p  phere is piece of codep  precodeStringBuilder sb  new StringBuilder         string text  txtBoxSearch.Text         OLSContainer ols  new OLSContainer         var result  from tex in ols.COURSEs                      from another in ols.UNITs                      where tex.courseName.Containstext  tex.description.Containstext  another.unitName.Containstext                      select new  tex,another           foreach var cours in result                      sb.AppendLinelth2 id  cours.tex.courseID  gtlta hrefadmin.aspxid  cours.tex.courseID  gt  cours.tex.courseName  ltagtlth2gt                   foreach var cours in result                      sb.AppendLinelth2 id  cours.another.unitID  gtlta hrefadmin.aspxid  cours.another.unitID  gt  cours.another.unitName  ltagtlth2gt          codepre
Negative 802 pstrongDesignstrongbr View Hierarchy is as below  p  ul licodeUIScrollViewcode for paging multiple image  ul licodeUIScrollViewcode for enabling zoom on the codeUIImageViewcode  ul licodeUIImageViewcodebr ul licodeUIViewcode origin,size relative to codeUIImagecode in codeUIImageViewcode li licodeUIViewcode  li licodeUIViewcode ...  li ulli ulli licodeUIScrollviewcode ul licodeUIImageViewcode ul licodeUIViewcode  li licodeUIViewcode ...   li ulli ulli licodeUIScrollViewcode ... and so on  li ulli ul  pstrongImplementationstrong  p  precode idinit      self  [super init]   if self         Custom initialization       self.minimumZoomScale  1.0f       self.maximumZoomScale  4.0f       self.zoomScale  1.0f       self.bouncesZoom  true       self.bounces  true       self.tag  10       self.alwaysBounceHorizontal  false       self.autoresizesSubviews  YES        self.zoomView  [[UIImageView alloc] init]     self.zoomView.userInteractionEnabled  YES     self.zoomView.autoresizesSubviews  YES   return self     voiddisplayImageUIImage image         Set the image in the view   [zoomView setImageimage]     Set the Frame size to the size of image size    Ex. Resulting ScrollView frame  0,0,1250,1500    Ex. Resulting ImageView frame  0,0, 1250,1500   CGRect scrollFrame  self.frame   scrollFrame.size.width  image.size.width   scrollFrame.size.height  image.size.height   self.frame  scrollFrame    CGRect iViewFrame  zoomView.frame   iViewFrame.size.width  image.size.width   iViewFrame.size.height  image.size.height   zoomView.frame  iViewFrame     Add subviews before resetting the contentsize   for customClass field in list.fields         UIView view  [[UIView alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake[field.x floatValue], [field.y floatValue], [field.width floatValue], [field.height floatValue]]       view.backgroundColor  [UIColor redColor]       view.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleBottomMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleRightMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleLeftMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleTopMargin UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleHeight  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth        [zoomView addSubviewview]        Set the Frame size to the size of scrollview frame size    Ex. Resulting ScrollView Frame  0,0,320,460    Ex. Resulting ImageView Frame  0,0,320,460   CGRect scrollViewFrame  self.frame   scrollViewFrame.size.width  320.0f   scrollViewFrame.size.height  460.0f   self.frame  scrollViewFrame    CGRect imageViewFrame  zoomView.frame   imageViewFrame.size.width  self.bounds.size.width   imageViewFrame.size.height  self.bounds.size.height   zoomView.frame  imageViewFrame     self.contentSize  zoomView.bounds.size    [self addSubviewzoomView]      codepre  pAbove is the code that I tried implementing. It adds the codeUIViewcodes to the codeUIImageViewcode inside the codeUIScrollViewcode. But the relative origin of the codeUIViewcode is not correct both before and after resizing.   p  pIs there anything I should be doing differently to get the codeUIViewcodes correctly placed inside the codeUIImageViewcodep
Negative 802 pId like to do this in bashp  pre classlangsh prettyprintoverridecodebinbash  func     return 1   efunc echo some text exit e codepre  pbut Im gettingp  precodeexit func numeric argument required codepre  pAFAIK variables in bash are without a type, how to convert it to int to satisfy requirementp
Negative 802 pIs it possible to have a viewlist without the rows being clickable I have information I want read in from a json file I can do that and then display that information in a list I dont know how to do that atm I do need help with that as well, but Ill try a bit more myself first, but if I press on a row I dont want that to be highlighted for a few seconds. I tried changing ListView to TextView, but then the setAdapter gives an error. Is it possible to  do thatp
Negative 802 pIve been writing a KMDF filter driver for WPD Portable Devices class based on example in a hrefhttpwww.osronline.comarticle.cfmarticle446 relnofollowhttpwww.osronline.comarticle.cfmarticle446a. The driver purpose is the block write requests to the device.br I set it up in the registry in UpperFilters for WPD class, and when plugging in Samsung Galaxy S3, I was able to catch the WPD IOCTLs sent to the device currently the driver does nothing but forwarding the request to the next driver. So far so good.br I then installed Samsung Kies to see if the filter driver still works, but when I plugged in the device, Windows tried to install the Samsung Mobile MTP Device and failed. I tried it several times I verified the driver is still installed, and this is not a missing driver issue. When I removed my driver from the UpperFilters, the device was installed and working. When I put the filter back, the device failed to start code 10. Using Windbg I can see that my driver starts, device is added, and then the driver unloads I dont know what happens in the middle...br When I tried to put it as a lower filter, it again worked fine.br While searching the net, I found out it also happens when using WDM and not WDK.p  pWhy is putting UpperFilter causing the device to fail to start in this casebr Is there a way to resolve itp
Negative 802 h2This question belongs zu testunit version 2.5.3h2  h1Problem solved with testunit version 2.5.4h1  pI have a test with many anonymous TestCases. It worked with testunit 2.5.0, but the actual version 2.5.3 produces an error.p  pWhen I run this testp  precodegem testunit, gt2.5.2 require testunit Class.new TestUnitTestCase  do   def testadd     assertequal 2, 11   end end codepre  pno test is executed and I get the error codeundefined method sub for nilNilClass NoMethodErrorcode in codetestrunner.rb361code I use the actual testunitgem 2.5.3.p  pWith a name for the TestCase, the problem disappearsp  precodegem testunit require testunit X  Class.new TestUnitTestCase  do   def testadd     assertequal 2, 11   end end codepre  pIn my real problem, I generate many TestCases. So I have a situation likep  precodegem testunit require testunit 2.times    X  Class.new TestUnitTestCase  do     def testadd       assertequal 2, 11     end   end  codepre  pIf I execute this I get a warning codealready initialized constant Xcode and the error codecomparison of Array with Array failed ArgumentErrorcode in collector.rb48in sortby.p  pMy questionsp  ul liHow can I avoid the errorli liOr How can I create TestCases with dynamic assigned constantsli ul
Negative 802 pIm making a very simple website thats going to be displayed on a TV in a office. The index.php page is a form, and it has three fields. The form method is post and everything there is correct.p  pThen I have this piece of code on the next page, the one the form points to after submission.p  precode mysqlselectdbfigs, con  mysqlqueryUPDATE stats SET slotssoldPOST[slotssold], totalfigurePOST[totalfigure], appssatPOST[appssat]   mysqlclosecon gt codepre  pThe problem is that the table is updating SOME of the time and other times its not, anyone have any ideas why Its really simple I thought it would just work a charm.p
Negative 802 pHow much of a performance impact does having a large number of groups in SignalR cause For example, take a social network where there are posts, and comments on those posts that need to be updated through a SignalR hub. Would it be better to create a group for each of those posts, and then send the comment update to that group, to send the comment update to all the clients and then have the clientside code decide whether to update or not, or is there another way Im missing Thanksp
Negative 802 pI am writing a status page, that checks various system services and renders their status.p  pAs part of my testing, Im shutting down my database, and would like to test whether its working or not, and render this fact on the page.p  pHowever, when the database is shut down, I cant seem to render any page  instead, I get this error before my code is runp  precodeorg.hibernate.exception.GenericJDBCException Cannot open connection codepre  pPlay is trying to open a transaction, fails, and kills my entire page.p  pHow can I work around this strongfor this specific pagestrong, manually test my DB connection, and act accordingly, instead of failing the entire pagep
Negative 802 pI have a table with column totals and row totals.  I have it set up that when someone enters a number into the input fields it calculates them on keyup and on page load.  The columns are recalculating on page load just fine, but the rows are resetting back to zero.p  precode Calculate Sum Of Rows function      input.livekeyup, newSum     newSum  function newSum      var sum  0     var thisRow  this.closesttr     iterate through each input and add to sum     thisRow.findinputnot.ignorenot.descriptionnot.miles.eachfunction              val  parseFloatthis.value             sum  isNaNval  0  val             change value of total     thisRow.find.sumtotalclaimed.htmlsum  codepre  pHeres the code for the columns, which works perfectly recalculates on page loadp  precode Calculate Sum Of Columns function      input.miles.livekeyup, calculateSum1       calculateSum1   function calculateSum1      var sum  0     iterate through each textboxes and add the values     input.miles.eachfunction          add only if the value is number         ifisNaNthis.value ampamp this.value.length0              sum  parseFloatthis.value                   .toFixed method will roundoff the final sum to 2 decimal places     summiles.htmlsum  codepre  pI thought it would be as simple as putting newSum in the function, but thats not working.  Any ideas what Im doing wrong p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have a build.sbt with the following settingsp  precodeimport akka.sbt.AkkaKernelPlugin                                                                                                   import akka.sbt.AkkaKernelPlugin. Dist, outputDirectory, distJvmOptions   AkkaKernelPlugin.distSettings                                                                                                      outputDirectory  filedist1 . codepre  pBut when I run dist . The output still goes to targetdist.  p  pHow can I fix this without using a build.scala file                                                        p
Negative 802 pHow i can dinamically change action button icon of codeAction Barcode when i swipe fragments in codeViewPagercode. Depending on fragment button must change state icon.p
Negative 802 pI have the following array of datap  precodedata  array  0 gt array    firstname gt John,    lastname gt Doe  ,  1 gt array    firstname gt Foo,    lastname gt Bar    codepre  pAnd Id like to manipulate it to end up with this arrayp  precodefinalData  array  firstname gt arrayJohn,Foo,  lastname gt arrayDoe,Bar  codepre  pHow do I accomplish this using PHP Id love to learn about the PHP array methods if one can be used in this scenario.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have developed an application which primarily sends email messages uses SMTP. Sending messages one by one is fine, however I am looking to speed the process. I have created multiple instances of the codeSmtpClientcode as well as messages to avoid conflict among each other. Because of the separate instances, I assumed performing code.Sendcode on multiple threads would work well. However, something with my codeThreadcode code alone is not working, because I can not send even one email on one thread using this code. I simply receive a vague codeFailure sending mailcode exception. I will post code that works, and the codeThreadcode that does not work. Could someone share what they believe may be the causep  pstrongNotestrong I am not currently looking to use the newer codeasynccode capabilities but instead leveraging codeThreadcodep  pstrongWorking Declaration and Method Callstrongp  precodevar SMTP  new SmtpClient              Host  txtBxSenderHost.Text,         Port  587,         EnableSsl  true,         DeliveryMethod  SmtpDeliveryMethod.Network,         UseDefaultCredentials  false,         Credentials  new NetworkCredentialstrSenderAddress, strSenderPassword       using var message  new MailMessagesenderAdrress, toAddress              Subject  strSubject,         Body  strBody                    SMTP.Sendmessage      codepre  pstrongNOT Working Thread declaration and Method Callstrongp  precodevar SMTP  new SmtpClient              Host  txtBxSenderHost.Text,         Port  587,         EnableSsl  true,         DeliveryMethod  SmtpDeliveryMethod.Network,         UseDefaultCredentials  false,         Credentials  new NetworkCredentialstrSenderAddress, strSenderPassword       using var message  new MailMessagesenderAdrress, toAddress              Subject  strSubject,         Body  strBody                    Thread T1  new Threaddelegate  SMTP.Sendmessage           T1.Start      codepre
Negative 802 pSo originally I had the following, which allowed me to change text on the click of a linkp  precodeltp idmessagegtStarting Textltpgt lta href classlinkgtShow message 1ltagtltbrgt  ltscriptgt    var test  test text     .link.clickfunction        message.texttest     ltscriptgt codepre  pHow could I change this so the text is pulled from .txt documentsp
Negative 802 pI have taken the objects from the tables into 2 variables. Now i want to send the values of those variables to html using coderendertoresponsecode.p  precodedef AssetMovementrequest     print AssetMovement     featurelist  request.session[featurelist]     featuresgroups  request.session[featuresgroups]     pplidrequest.session[pplid]     empnm  AssetAssignmentEmployee.objects.filterEmployeePeoplepplid     print empnm     idobj  AssetTrack.objects.all     print idobj     report  reports.astmvmtrepoquerysetidobj     report.generatebyPDFGenerator, filename EMy Work LocationExampleWorkSpaceassettrack1mediastr2.pdf     return rendertoresponseassetmgmtastmvmtReport.html,contactsfeaturelist,root settings.MEDIAROOT,lenlenfeaturelist1,featuresgroupsfeaturesgroups,assertlistidobj codepre  pLike above, I have send idobj through assertlist now i want to send empnm object with the same name i.e, assertlist and display in the table.p  pKindly try to answer this question as soon as possible. Thank You.p
Negative 802 pI have an issue with redemption or may be other. i have eml file which is in proper format in body. but if i import that eml to pst or msg then format of that mail is changes in output file. some new extra lines are getting added or some of font is changes and color of text is also change. it disturb total body format. please give me solution,  thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI am trying, and having little luck, to find an open source library either written in codeCcode or codeCcode to help me parse arbitrary codeCCcode type declarations e.g declarations like codevoid foo[] int, void  [] [123]code which I am then going to meta model.p  pI cant use GPL licensed code like the codecdeclcode tool as this is for a closed source application and I am hoping for a more robust solution to what I can write myself.p  pCan anybody recommend an open source codeCCcode Type Declaration parsing libraryp
Negative 802 pMost Haskell FRP frameworks like AFRP, Yampa and Reactivebanana make a difference between continuous timevarying functions and discrete ones. Usually they call them behaviors and events.p  pOne exception is Netwire, which uses an inhibition monoid to model events. What are pros and cons of such an approachp  pIn particular, Im interested in application of FRP to robot controlling. For example, this paper a hrefhttphaskell.cs.yale.eduposttypepublicationampp182httphaskell.cs.yale.eduposttypepublicationampp182a show a way to encode a task and HSM abstractions in FRP using events. Can this be directly translated to Netwirep
Negative 802 pI develop android apps.p  pIm in some confusion about LogCat.p  pIf I sometimes cant Judge where is the error exactly if my app force closes. Is there any way or shortcuts to know where  our error exactly  p
Negative 802 pIn this Code i try to get the value from textfield and dropdown listbox , I get values dynamically from user and send that value to webserices, In Given code get the value pass that values to webservice through javascript, but script didnt reponse to that code.. any one help me to fix this problem.p  precodeHere Code      ltbody style gtltscript typetextJavaScript gt       var xmlhttpuserid         functionmyFunction               var checkidnew Array             var userid  document.getElementByIduserid.value             forvar i0ilt2i                           ifdocument.getElementByIddomainidi.checkedtrue                              checkid[i]document.getElementByIddomainidi.value                alertcheckid                                       var domainid  document.getElementById.value         alertuserid         var url ..webservicePasswordstationwsuserauthpwdstation.jsp  useriduseridampdomaincheckid      alerturl         xmlhttpduseridGetXmlHttpObject         if xmlhttpduseridnull                    alert Your browser does not support Ajax HTTP           return                   xmlhttpduserid.onreadystatechangegetuserid         xmlhttpduserid.openGET,url,true         xmlhttpduserid.sendnull              function GetXmlHttpObject                         alertGetXmlHttpObject1             if window.XMLHttpRequest                              return new XMLHttpRequest                             if window.ActiveXObject                               return new ActiveXObjectMicrosoft.XMLHTTP                            return null                          function getuserid                            if xmlhttpduserid.readyState4                                var textxmlhttpduserid.responseText                  alerttext                  texttext.replacessg,              alertText 2text                    iftext.matchSUCCESS                                             alertAuthenticate successfully                        window.locationaccountmain.jsp                                          else                                            alertPlease check your User id                                                     codepre
Negative 802 pWhere can I find the cordova.2.0.3.jar  I am trying to get running with PhoneGap on android.p  precodelocalhostbin shuttle .create DocumentscordovaandroidHelloWorld com.Name.HelloWorld HelloWorld cp UsersshuttleDocumentscordovaandroidframeworkcordova2.3.0.jar No such file or directory An unexpected error occurred cp BUILDPATHframeworkcordovaVERSION.jar PROJECTPATHlibscordovaVERSION.jar exited with 1 Deleting project... codepre
Negative 802 pI have a Problem when drawing with the MFC CDC class and the LineTo and MoveTo function. The CDC Object doesnt begin at the point where I move the Pointer and leaves the first Pixel blanc like in the center of the image. When I draw around a corner like on the left side of the image it is clear that the CDC object leaves the outmost pixel free. I did try to load a custom brush but had no different results.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comp0Ngi.png altEdge examplep  precode    memDC.FillSolidRectclient, BACKGROUNDCOLOR     CPen penBorderPSENDCAPSQUARE  PSSOLID, BORDERWIDTH, BORDERCOLOR     Draw the Horizontal line for the Status Bar     CPen oldPen  memDC.SelectObjectamppenBorder     memDC.MoveToclient.left  0.5f  BORDERWIDTH, client.top  0.5f  BORDERWIDTH     memDC.LineToclient.Width  0.5f  BORDERWIDTH, client.top  0.5f  BORDERWIDTH     CPen penRecessPSENDCAPSQUARE  PSSOLID, BORDERWIDTH, RECESSCOLOR     Draw the recess     memDC.SelectObjectamppenRecess     memDC.MoveToclient.left  1.5f  BORDERWIDTH, client.top  1.5f  BORDERWIDTH     memDC.LineToclient.Width  0.5f  BORDERWIDTH, client.top  1.5f  BORDERWIDTH codepre
Negative 802 pI am looking for a Methode to use the PopOverWindow with a normal Button. I found informationen about the Storyboard in combination with the button PopOverView but I dont use a Story board. So i Need help or a tutorial, of it. Thanks soo much.p
Negative 802 pIm using texture blending in my terrains fragment shader to blend from one texture to the next. Right at the seam between using only my grass texture and blending between dirtgrass or snowgrass textures, the mipmaps seem to cause an ugly seam see photo below. Disabling mipmapping fixes the problem but makes my terrain very grainyugly at a distance. Is there a way to eliminate this seam without disabling mipmappingp  hr  pterrainvs.glslp  precodeprecision mediump float  attribute vec3 Position attribute vec2 TextureCoord  uniform mat4 uMVMatrix uniform mat4 uPMatrix  varying vec2 texCoord varying float y  void mainvoid    glPosition  uPMatrix  uMVMatrix  vec4Position, 1.0   texCoord  TextureCoord   y  Position.y  codepre  pterrainfs.glslp  precodeprecision mediump float  uniform sampler2D dirttexture uniform sampler2D grasstexture uniform sampler2D snowtexture  varying vec2 texCoord varying float y  void mainvoid    if y lt 5.0      glFragColor  texture2Ddirttexture, texCoord    else if y lt 0.0      glFragColor  mix       texture2Ddirttexture, texCoord,       texture2Dgrasstexture, texCoord,       y  5.0  5.0         else if y lt 3.0      glFragColor  texture2Dgrasstexture, texCoord    else if y lt 5.0      glFragColor  mix       texture2Dgrasstexture, texCoord,       texture2Dsnowtexture, texCoord,       y  3.0  2.0         else      glFragColor  texture2Dsnowtexture, texCoord     codepre  hr  pTextureManagerinitializep  precodegl.bindTexturegl.TEXTURE2D, texture.texture gl.texImage2Dgl.TEXTURE2D, 0, gl.RGBA, gl.RGBA, gl.UNSIGNEDBYTE, texture.image gl.texParameterigl.TEXTURE2D, gl.TEXTUREMAGFILTER, gl.LINEAR gl.texParameterigl.TEXTURE2D, gl.TEXTUREMINFILTER, gl.LINEARMIPMAPLINEAR gl.texParameterigl.TEXTURE2D, gl.TEXTUREWRAPS, gl.CLAMPTOEDGE gl.texParameterigl.TEXTURE2D, gl.TEXTUREWRAPT, gl.CLAMPTOEDGE gl.generateMipmapgl.TEXTURE2D gl.bindTexturegl.TEXTURE2D, null codepre  hr  pConfigurationp  ul liWindows 7 Pro SP1li liGoogle Chrome 24.0.1312.57 mli liNVIDIA GTX 680li ul  hr  pnormal view img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comNZ4ya.png altnormal viewp  pzoomed in img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdN02e.png altzoomed inp
Negative 802 pIn a function I want to use an if statement to look up a mysqli codebindresultcode variable codeifqandaReplyType  Singlecodebut I am getting an undefined variable when attempting this. I looked at some SO examples but I do not understand to implement it correctly. So my question is that can somebody provide a code snippet in order to be able to fix the error and also for me to see how a mysqli variable should be retrieved in a function for future use and to give me full understanding on how it should be written.p  pCODEp  precodeqandaquery  SELECT q.QuestionId ReplyType                             FROM QuestionId q                             INNER JOIN Reply r ON q.ReplyId  r.ReplyId          ...              qandaqrystmtgtbindresultqandaQuestionId,qandaReplyType              arrReplyType  array               while qandaqrystmtgtfetch               arrReplyType[ qandaQuestionId ]  qandaReplyType                         qandaqrystmtgtclose           function ExpandOptionTypeoption            ...               foreachoptions as indivOption                    ifqandaReplyType  Single          ...                                     else if qandaReplyType  Multiple          ...                                    codepre  pATTEMPTp  precodevar reply function ExpandOptionTypeqandaReplyType       thisgtreply  qandaReplyType             ifqandaReplyType  Single ...         else ifqandaReplyType  Multiple ...        codepre
Negative 802 pIm creating a list of videos which are played within a codeVideoViewcode. p  pI want to catch the Sorry, this video cant be played error and just move on to the next video. The videoswitching is handled within a codeonCompletionListenercode.p  pI already got the code for an codeonErrorListenercode from a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma82987171331671herea but I just cant find how to trigger the video is complete event.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pI have an application that has a startup flow like thisp  pstrongStartupActivity  LoginDialog  LoginActivity  HomeActivitystrongp  pWhen I go from the LoginActivity to the HomeActivity I callp  precodeIntent intent  new Intent this, HomeActivity.class  if Build.VERSION.SDKINT gt Build.VERSIONCODES.HONEYCOMB       intent.setFlags Intent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTASK  Intent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK   else      intent.setFlags Intent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP  Intent.FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOP   startActivity intent  finish codepre  pcodeOn gt API 11code, this makes it so that the codeHomeActivitycode is a brand new task and the codeStartupActivitycode is no longer on the back stack.p  pHowever, on codeAPI lt 10code, the codeFLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP  FLAGACTIVITYSINGLETOPcode clears the codeLoginActivitycode from the back stack, but the codeStartupActivitycode is still there. If the user clicks back from the codeHomeActivitycode, it takes them back to the codeStartupActivitycode.p  pemHow can I clear the StartupActivity from the back stackemp  ul liFrom my research, it seems like the best way is to startActivityForResult but can I do that from the Dialog Who will get the resultli ul  pbSummarybp  ul liFrom the codeStartupActivitycode, I show the codeLoginDialogcode.li liFrom the codeLoginDialogcode, I go to the codeLoginActivitycode without clearing the back stack. ul liThis is because I want the user to be able to go back from the codeLoginActivitycode to the codeStartupActivitycode.li ulli liFrom the codeLoginActivitycode, I go to the codeHomeActivitycode and clear the back stackli liPressing back still goes back to the codeStartupActivitycode on codedevices lt API 10codeli ul
Negative 802 pIm experiencing random errors several per day in my mvcefunity application under higher load 10 request per secp  ul liemThe connection was not closedem  emThe connections current state is connectingemli lideadlocks on Count queries no explicit transactionli liemAn item with the same key has already been added. in System.Data.Entity.DbContext.SetTEntityem while resolving DbContextli liemThe remote host closed the connection. The error code is 0x80070057emli liemThere is already an open DataReader associated with this Command which must be closed first.em  I turned on MARS to get rid off this altough I believe it should work correctly without MARS, there are no nested queries, which may caused another random errorli liemThe server will drop the connection, because the client driver has sent multiple requests while the session is in singleuser mode.emli ul  pI use a hrefhttpweblogs.asp.netrashidarchive20090215aspnetmvcunityandcommonservicelocator.aspxthisa implementation of PerRequestLifetimeManager and tried Unity.Mvc3 too without any difference. p  pThere are a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3518152theremotehostclosedtheconnectiontheerrorcodeis0x80070057somea a hrefhttpwww.sqlservercentral.comForumsTopic7287491491.aspxbm802936hintsa that DbContext is not being disposed correctly. I am not sure if perrequest is the cause of problems, because it seems to be a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma51917972075015commona practise.p
Negative 802 pWe have a device and Id like to use printf function to send messages to the IDE for debugging purposes. The setupp  ul lipARM CortexM3 devicepli lipULINK2 interfacepli lipuVision4 IDEpli ul  pIve followed the instructions available in a hrefhttpwww.keil.comsupportmandocsulink2ulink2traceitmviewer.htm relnofollowthis linka to be able to see the messages in the Debug printf Viewer. First I modified the retarget.c file, to redirect the output to the a hrefhttpinfocenter.arm.comhelpindex.jsptopiccom.arm.doc.ddi0337eBABCCDFD.html relnofollowITMa interfacep  precodeinclude ltstdio.hgt include ltrtmisc.hgt  pragma importusenosemihostingswi   Para utilizao do saida de debug atravs do ULINK2 define ITMPort8n    volatile unsigned char 0xE00000004n define ITMPort16n   volatile unsigned short0xE00000004n define ITMPort32n   volatile unsigned long 0xE00000004n define DEMCR           volatile unsigned long 0xE000EDFC define TRCENA          0x01000000  struct FILE  int handle  Add whatever you need here   FILE stdout   Escreve caractere na porta de Debug int sendchar int ch               if DEMCR amp TRCENA      while ITMPort320  0     ITMPort80  ch      returnch    int fputcint ch, FILE f    return sendcharch   int ferrorFILE f     Your implementation of ferror    return EOF    void ttywrchint ch      sendcharch    void sysexitint returncode  label  goto label   endless loop   codepre  pThen I configured the IMT in the uVision4, following the instructions img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOcTma.jpg altenter image description herep  pThe project compiles fine. I download the application to the device and start I debug session with uVision4. I try to use printf with a simple message in the main function, right after the system initialization, but the Debug Viewer remains empty. Ive put breakpoints int the sendchar function, I can see that all lines are hit, as expected.p  pHas anyone succeeded using printf with ULINK2 and uVision4 Does anyone has a clue on why I cant see any output in the Debug Viewer windowp  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pIve tried to use the existing ITM functions, resulting in a simpler retarget.cp  precodeint fputcint ch, FILE f    return ITMSendCharuint32tch  codepre  pNevertheless, no output is shown in the Debug Viewer. When I step over the printf funcion call, Trace Data Overflow is displayed in the bottom of the IDE, followed by Trace Communication Error.p
Negative 802 pI want to catch a mandatory and an optional parameter.p  plets say I have a stringp  precodeX or Y codepre  pand or Y is optional.p  pI can do p  precodescan . or . codepre  pand receive an array with size 3 that includes also the result for the optional catch.p  pHow can I write the scan to receive an array for only the 2 X and Y possibillitiesp  pThank Youp
Negative 802 pI use the JW player to load a XML playlist. It works fine when I manually write the XML file, but not when I use php to parse...p  pI want it to look like thisp  precodeltrss version2.0 xmlnsmediahttpsearch.yahoo.commrss xmlnsjwplayerhttpdeveloper.longtailvideo.comtracgt  ltchannelgt   ltitemgt     lttitlegtAlbertlttitlegt     ltmediacontent url..movieshi.mp4 gt     ltdescriptiongtltdescriptiongt     ltjwplayerdurationgt10ltjwplayerdurationgt   ltitemgt ltchannelgt ltrssgt codepre  pThe first problem is the codeltrss version2.0 ...code  It forces the headers to be codeltxml version1.0gtcodep  pThe second problem is the codeltmediacontent url ...code How can I print out that with php p  pThe third problem is how to add the end rss codeltrssgtcodep  pMy code isp  precodeltphp    channel  array    channel []  array    title gt Albert,    content gt filmerc1.jpg,    duration gt 10        channel []  array    title gt Claud,    content gt filmerc2.jpg,    duration gt 10         doc  new DOMDocument   docgtformatOutput  true     r  docgtcreateElement channel     docgtappendChild r      foreach channel as item         b  docgtcreateElement item      title  docgtcreateElement title     titlegtappendChild    docgtcreateTextNode item[title]         bgtappendChild title      content  docgtcreateElement mediacontent     contentgtappendChild    docgtcreateTextNode item[content]         bgtappendChild content      duration  docgtcreateElement jwplayerduration     durationgtappendChild    docgtcreateTextNode item[duration]         bgtappendChild duration      rgtappendChild b          echo docgtsaveHTML    docgtsavewrite.xml    gt codepre  pAny ideas Im a newbie in PHPXML, sorry p
Negative 802 pWhat is the easiest way to send the data stored in an NSArray to a NSTableView and display it line by linep  pFor example NSArray has data [a, b, c]p  pI want the NSTableView to sayp  pap  pbp  pcp  pThe NSTableView only needs 1 column.  p
Negative 802 pI am calling view controller method from delegate class, the method is called but uitableview declared in that method does not call it delegate methods and a buttons and view also alloc in that view but nothing is shown. p  pExplaining from beginingp  pOn navigation controller needed a button and to be shown on all views. So, i took that in delegate this way.p  precodeUIButton btnMenuOpen  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeCustom] btnMenuOpen.frame  CGRectMake0, 15, 40, 56 [btnMenuOpen setImage[UIImage imageNamedsidemenu.png] forStateUIControlStateNormal] [btnMenuOpen addTargetself actionselectormenu forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside] [self.window addSubviewbtnMenuOpen]  voidmenu  ViewController viewC  [[ViewController alloc]initWithNibNameViewController bundlenil] [viewC menu]  codepre  pThis is the view controller classp  precodevoidmenu  NSLogmenu opened  self.mMenuView  [[UIView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake0, 0, 240, 480] self.mMenuView.backgroundColor  [UIColor grayColor] self.mMenuView.autoresizingMask  0 [self.navigationController.view addSubviewself.mMenuView]  self.mSearchBar  [[UISearchBar alloc] initWithFrameCGRectMake0, 16, 220, 44] self.mSearchBar.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleWidth self.mSearchBar.backgroundImage  [UIImage imageNamedslidetabbutton.png] self.mSearchBar.delegate  self [self.mMenuView addSubviewself.mSearchBar]  UIButton btnMenuClose  [UIButton buttonWithTypeUIButtonTypeCustom] btnMenuClose.frame  CGRectMake215, 19, 40, 44 [btnMenuClose setImage[UIImage imageNamedsidemenu.png] forStateUIControlStateNormal] [btnMenuClose addTargetself actionselectormenuclose forControlEventsUIControlEventTouchUpInside] [self.mMenuView addSubviewbtnMenuClose]  self.mMenuTableView  [[UITableView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake0, 61,                                                                    240, 420 styleUITableViewStylePlain] self.mMenuTableView.delegate  self self.mMenuTableView.dataSource  self [self.mMenuView addSubviewself.mMenuTableView]  [self.mMenuTableView reloadData]   codepre  pNow, nothing is displyed when this method is called, control goes through it but nothing happens, no delegates of table are called and neither other stuff worksbutton searchbar and uiview.p  pPlease guide for the above. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI have a problem with a ModelForm that doesnt save the selected file.p  pIve seen this with pdb at the first line of the view that receives the form datap  precodePdb pp request.FILES ltMultiValueDict gt codepre  pThe codeenctypecode attribute is set in the codeformcode tag. This occurs at least with Chromium and Opera.p  pIve read a lot of question about this issue but none helped in my case, any further ideasp  pThis is the relevant part of the modelp  precodeclass AudioCutmodels.Model      slug  models.SlugFieldmaxlength128, uniqueTrue     logo  models.ImageFielduploadtoucutslogos, blankTrue codepre  pthis is the formp  precodeclass AudioCutFormModelForm     Form for creating a new AudioCut     start  SecondsSinceEpochField     tags  TagsCommaSeparatedField      class Meta         model  AudioCut         fields  title, description, logo, start, length,                     category, tags, radio, show         widgets  title TextInputattrssize 34, maxlength 32,                     radio HiddenInput, show HiddenInput,                     tags Textarea codepre  pThis is the viewp  precodedef makenewcutrequest      if request.method  POST         cutform  AudioCutFormrequest.POST, request.FILES         outdata[cutform]  cutform         if cutform.isvalid             newcut  cutform.saveFalse             newcut.owner  request.user             newcut.save             cutform.savem2m codepre  pAnd this is the templatep  precodeltform enctypemultipartformdata idcutthisfrm methodpost actiongt csrftoken      ltlabel foridtitlegt Tampiacutetuloltlabelgtcutform.title     cutform.title.errors     ltlabel foriddescriptiongtDescipciampoacutenltlabelgtcutform.description     cutform.description.errors     ltlabel foridtagsgtEtiquetasltlabelgtcutform.tags     ltspan classhelptextgtSepare las etiquetas con comas ,ltspangtltbrgt     cutform.tags.errors     ltinput typebutton classimageuploadgtltlabel foridlogo classimageuploadgtAgregar imagenltlabelgtcutform.logoltspan idlogofilenamegtampemspltspangt     cutform.radiocutform.showcutform.startcutform.length     ltdiv classerrorsgtcutform.nonfielderrorsltdivgt     ltinput typehidden namenexturl idnexturl valuegt     ltdiv classsavecutgtltinput typereset valueCancelargtltinput typesubmit valueGuardargtltdivgt ltformgt codepre  pOther thins I checked, the folder where the images are saved exists and the server can write to it. I can add the images fine with Djangos admin.p  pI am running the dev server on localhost62080.p
Negative 802 pIm a .NET Newbie... and Im trying to rewrite a program I wrote in VB6. The problem is that I have 41 values to use to create a new records in Access. Almost everything Ive read uses codeINSERT INTOcode but 41 fields makes a LONG SQL statement.p  pstrongNOTESstrongp  pThe Source and Target Data exists in Access.p  pI created a Structure call codeTargetXStudentReccode that holds all of the fields that Im populating.p  pThe Fields names in the Access DB codeStudent IDcode, codeLast Namecode are import field names for the system the data is going into.p  pstrongIN visual basic 6 I usedstrong p  precodeTargetXStudentRec.AddNew TargetXStudentRecStudent ID  .StudentID TargetXStudentRecLast Name  .LastName TargetXStudentRecFirst Name  .FirstName .......................... TargetXStudentRec.Update codepre  pIs there a way to do this in ADO.netbr Or what is the best solutionp
Negative 802 pHow do I replicate this behavior found in Notes appp  ol liYou have a codeUITableViewControllercode with items,li liYou can scroll the list down with lots of items,li liWhen you hit the bottom of the list, you can overscroll a bit, but the list wont scroll all the way back. There will be some space left under the last item. This space is utilized in Notes to display some layout image.li ol  pTo demonstrate with photos img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comgLZFC.jpg altPhoto 1p  pThis is an unscrolled list. Its easy to create such using codeUITableViewControllercode. And when you pull the list up, default codeUITableViewControllercode just bounces back to this state.p  pHowever, Notes allows this img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comLD9YW.jpg altPhoto 2p  peg. After scrolling to leave a bit of space, dont have it bounce all the way back.p  pHow do you replicate such behaviorp
Negative 802 pSo, I have a route that exposes a Webservice Endpoint. After the request is received, I send some information to some queues and I would like to return a response to the original caller. The response is an enumeration that can have 4 values codeOK,NULL,RPT,NOKcode.p  pI can get the response in soapUI, but its not in a valid SOAP Envelope. This means that when the response is processed in Java or .Net an exception is thrown saying there is no valid Envelope namespace.p  pHow do I guarantee that the response being sent is a SOAPMessagep  pTo generate my responde message I have this methodp  precodepublic OnClientEventResponse processMessage message     ifmessage.getBody.toString.containsOnClientEventResponse         return OnClientEventResponse message.getBody          OnClientEventResponse resp  new OnClientEventResponse     resp.setReturnResponse.OK     return resp  codepre  pIn soapUi I get thisp  precodeltonClientEventResponsegt    ltResponsegtOKltResponsegt ltonClientEventResponsegt codepre  pbut I needed something like thisp  precodeltsoapEnvelope xmlnssoapblablasoapenvelopegt ltsoapHeadersgt ltsoapBodygt     ltonClientEventResponsegt        ltResponsegtOKltResponsegt     ltonClientEventResponsegt ltsoapBodygt ltsoapEnvelopegt codepre  pMy Webservice interface class is p  precodeWebServicename  ClientEventNotifierEndpoint public interface ClientEventNotifierEndpoint   WebMethodoperationName  onClientEvent, action  urnOnClientEvent WebResultname  return public Response onClientEventWebParamname  readerCode String readerCode, WebParamname  clientRfid String clientRfid,         WebParamname  eventType String eventType, WebParamname  dateTime Date dateTime codepre  pp
Negative 802 pIm creating is a Storyboard app. The Main controller is a codeUITabBarControllercode. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comb7UZr.png altenter image description herep  pWhen the Mail and the Documents tabs are clicked, they show the respective ViewController. However when the Mail tab is clicked, I want to display codeUITableViewControllercode with a Navigation bar. Since you cannot display a Navigation bar in a codeUITableViewControllercode, I found out that I must add a codeUINavigationControllercode and implement a codeUITableViewControllercode inside it.p  pCan anyone please tell me how to do that I researched here on SO as well and came across similar questions but some of them didnt have any code examples and others were for older iOS versionsIm using iOS 6.p  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pI got a codeString[]code which contains of multiple user details. Something like thisp  precodeWilson20MaleRaymond25MaleSophie20Female codepre  pI wanted to split the string up and organize it into multiple array. Such as one array for codeNamecode, one array for codeAgecode and another array for codeGendercode. Up to this point I managed to split the codeString[]code into something like this.p  precodeString[] User  student.split  User[0]  Wilson20Male     User[1]  Raymond25Male User[2]  Sophie20Female codepre  pI dont really know how to organize it from this point. Any comments and answers are highly appreciatedp  pstrongEDITstrongp  precodeWilson20MaleRaymond25MaleSophie20Female codepre  pThe above part is actually a value that is returned from the server and I wanted to handle this value. Thank you for all the replies. I think I understand a bit in theory wise, but Im having slightly issue in implementing codes.p
Negative 802 pI want to get a value of single column returned in the form of codeArrayListltgtcode from codeSQLitecode for retrieving data my code is p  precode    public ListltContentDataObjectgt findAll      ListltContentDataObjectgt contentDataObjects  new ArrayListltContentDataObjectgt     String selectQuery  SELECT               DBHelper.MOBILECONTENTFULLTEXT               FROM   DBHelper.MOBILECONTENTTABLENAME     database  dbOpenHelper.getReadableDatabase     try          Cursor cursor  database.rawQueryselectQuery, null         Log.iTAG, Returned   cursor.getCount   rows          ifcursor  null             cursor.moveToFirst             while cursor.isAfterLast                  ContentDataObject contentDataObject  checkcursor                 contentDataObjects.addcontentDataObject                 cursor.moveToNext                                               Make sure to close the cursor             cursor.close                          catch Exception e           TODO handle exception          return contentDataObjects  codepre  pmy codecheckcursorcode is p  precodepublic ContentDataObject checkCursor cursor       ContentDataObject contentDataObject  new ContentDataObject      contentDataObject.setIdcursor.getLongcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTID     contentDataObject.setTitlecursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTTITLE     contentDataObject.setFulltextcursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTFULLTEXT     contentDataObject.setStatecursor.getIntcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTSTATE     contentDataObject.setNewValuecursor.getIntcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTNEW     contentDataObject.setHeadercursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTHEADER     contentDataObject.setColorcursor.getIntcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTCOLOR     contentDataObject.setNextcursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTNEXT     contentDataObject.setPreviouscursor.getStringcursor.getColumnIndexDBHelper.MOBILECONTENTPREVIOUS      return contentDataObject   codepre  pin codeMainActivity.javacode Im using this code p  precodeContentDataObject contentDataObject TextView textView  ContentsDataSource dataSource  Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain     textView  TextView findViewByIdR.id.myView      dataSource  new ContentsDataSourcethis     dataSource.open      ListltContentDataObjectgt contentDataObjects  dataSource.findAll      textView.setTextcontentDataObjects.indexOfcontentDataObject.getFulltext  codepre  pbut,  Im unable to get data and set to codetextViewcode.p
Negative 802 pI make a hasandbelongstomany association in my modelsp  ppack.rbp  precode  hasandbelongstomany adresses codepre  padress.rbp  precode  hasandbelongstomany packs codepre  pIn my controller i put this to create the habtm p  precode   adress  AdressesPacks.createadressid gt params[order],packid gt params[order] codepre  pbut when i execute i get this error p  precodeNameError uninitialized constant OrdersControllerAdressesPacks codepre
Negative 802 pIm having problems with imageWithContentsOfFile. I have an image with size 640  1136 pixels which is supposed to be an background image of the app start screen. The file can be updated and will then be downloaded automatically. My idea was to have one file and resize and crop it for smaller screens.p  pBu when i load the image, the size is only 320 wide. I have placed it in the simulator documents folder with Finder, so I can see that the file image is correct. Have also tried naming the file with 2x without success.p  pThis is my codep  precodeNSString  imagePath  [NSHomeDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentimageName] UIImage bgImage  [UIImage imageWithContentsOfFileimagePath]  CGSize loadedImgSize  bgImage.size codepre  pBy the way, are compiling for iOS 5.0 to support not updated devices...p
Negative 802 pI have previously used a RSACryptoServiceProvider in C to encrypt some data, and now I have to replicate this encryption in an Android program. I want my Android program to generate the same result as I got in my C program.p  pstrongPublic Keystrongp  precodeltRSAKeyValuegt     ltModulusgtzz4qdc39y1BHyJgVXUkINJSbsUd1ZJPISyE9nNGjqgRZO1a4cE3ViVCSZCw6dBdVMFNjzZPBxl0mT57GIq7rcuoT0scesZgxOftbMasPbxp0BGrh3HTpbBMJdCopgcYV98CZERakb8Pgbb0neDiW9Aq0kfTBE02iEHRNuqMNfo1GFo55m0OKbxVoM6UBb8AITQ6lbdvfCgeIvMzRlVrHCwxUNrrX5cS6gurEfJ8DaprKQmwWpFCkwDkPWje2WbTSPUc9l6Ads0UimYE5sGs4Zsfz6Eocz4rJjRqCiB8qt6HtdyjKo0auqYzyXIjdRv2950flc9tOh5bRlQQ     ltModulusgt     ltExponentgtAQABltExponentgt ltRSAKeyValuegt codepre  pstrongJava Encryption Programstrongp  precodebyte[] modulusBytes  Base64.decodeModoutput.getBytesUTF8,         Base64.DEFAULT byte[] exponentBytes  Base64.decodeExpoutput.getBytesUTF8,         Base64.DEFAULT BigInteger e  new BigInteger1, exponentBytes BigInteger m  new BigInteger1, modulusBytes RSAPublicKeySpec keySpec  new RSAPublicKeySpecm, e KeyFactory fact  KeyFactory.getInstanceRSA PublicKey pubKeyn  fact.generatePublickeySpec  Log.iPublickey, pubKeyn.toString Cipher cipher  Cipher.getInstanceRSAECBNoPadding cipher.initCipher.ENCRYPTMODE, pubKeyn byte[] encryptedByteData  cipher.doFinalbyteData String outputEncrypted  Base64.encodeToStringencryptedByteData,         Base64.NOWRAP  Log.iEncrypteddata, outputEncrypted codepre  pI tried the above code but it gives an entirely different output from C. Can anyone tell me what is wrong with my code Thanks in advance.p  hr  pemstrongEditemstrong As requested, here is the C code for which I am trying to replicate the encrypted output in Javap  precodepublic static string EncryptTextstring text, int keySize,         string publicKeyXml      var encrypted  EncryptEncoding.UTF8.GetBytestext, keySize,             publicKeyXml     return Convert.ToBase64Stringencrypted   public static byte[] Encryptbyte[] data, int keySize, string publicKeyXml      if data  null  data.Length  0         throw new ArgumentExceptionData are empty, data     int maxLength  GetMaxDataLengthkeySize     if data.Length gt maxLength         throw new ArgumentExceptionString.Format                 Maximum data length is 0, maxLength, data     if IsKeySizeValidkeySize         throw new ArgumentExceptionKey size is not valid, keySize     if String.IsNullOrEmptypublicKeyXml         throw new ArgumentExceptionKey is null or empty, publicKeyXml      using var provider  new RSACryptoServiceProviderkeySize          provider.FromXmlStringpublicKeyXml         return provider.Encryptdata, optimalAsymmetricEncryptionPadding       codepre
Negative 802 pi have a batch script and it has a variable 4 and is random file names but sometimes it has names likep  blockquote   p030813.mp3br   20130307.mp3p blockquote  pand i want to have it goto EOF if the ext is mp3p  pi have this so far but its not workingp  blockquote   pIF 4.mp3 GOTO EOFp blockquote
Negative 802 pIm trying to run a few statements in one sql file but it does not work.p  precodedeclare    newsequence INTEGER begin    select LASTNUMBER  1      into newsequence      from usersequences     where SEQUENCENAME  MLTSSEQUENCE    execute immediate Create sequence TableSEQ start with         newsequence  increment by 1 end codepre  pIf i run this block with the option execute as one statement in the eclipse database plugin it works. p  pHow can i mark the sqlscript to run each of these blocks as one statement, to execute the script later with sqlplus or something different than eclipsep  pI tried GO in front and  at the end but that also didnt work.p
Negative 802 pCan anyone explain to me how I would go about plotting a convolution in MatLabp  pThe function I am trying to plot is eatututp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pWhen browsers are given widths and heights for elements that arent integer values, how do they deal with them p  pIn particular,p  ul liAt what stage do noninteger values get rounded Do they round to the nearest integer, or truncate themli liWhen a containers children have noninteger dimensions, will there ever be instances where the sum of the child lengths or heights not equal the inner width  height of the parent elementli liDo provided noninteger dimensions get handled differently to noninteger results of percentagebased dimensionsli liWhat about nonwhole values for padding and marginsli listrongEditstrong emIsem it the browsers that perform this rounding, or is it the OS If its the OS, does that create conditions where the browser thinks items are larger than their painted area, and does that create issues with the sizing of parent containersli ul
Negative 802 pIm trying to modify a free joomla 2.5 rss news module because when the user clicks on a headline, it opens in the same window and takes the user off the page.p  pI found this code block and Im pretty sure this is where the target attribute needs to be addedp  precoderssUrl  paramsgtgetrsslink        get RSS parsed object     options  array     options[rssUrl]  rssUrl     if paramsgtgetenablecache          options[cachetime]  paramsgtgetcachetime, 30         options[cachetime]  60      else          options[cachetime]  null      codepre  pCan anyone here please tell me how to accomplish thisp  pemstrongemstrongemUPDATEemstrongememememememstrong Maybe this is what needs to be editedp  precodeshowLink  paramsgtgetlinktitle usingmode  paramsgtgetusingmode, categoriesselected userRSS  trimusingmode  rss  trimusingmode  external  true  false target  paramsgtgettarget codepre
Negative 802 pI have a technical challenge that i need some help with. Were building a technical service for the web and Java and Spring are the tools we use. We also use Wordpress with a web store plugin WooCommerce.p  pWe need to find a way to integrate our Java web application and the Wordpress site. The major issue being user authentication. We use Spring security for the Java application and Wordpress has its own user management. The preferrable solution would be to have Wordpress be the master for user registration, maintenance and authentication.p  pDoes anyone out there have experiences andor ideas about how to solve this Could you please share them here. Any help will be highly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pIm working on a VBA code that will allow me to see changes in trade positions day by day. Im fairly new to VBA programming and would like to get some feedback on the code I have written and copied from various posts here.p  pI have 3 sheets, one with todays trades sheet1, one with yesterdays trades sheet2 and one sheet that are supposed to highlight changes from day n to day n1 sheet3. In column A I have trade ID that are unique for each trade ID1, ID2 etc., from column B to AA, I have data such as dates, values, text etc.p  pIn the changes sheets sheet3, I would like to have a comment in column A that says if the trade is New, Deletedmatured or Changed. If one trade is changed, I would like to see which cells that are changed by showing before and after values.p  pMy main concerns are errors in my code and performance, e.g. sometimes I will have more than 500 rows x 30 columns in the spreadsheets.p  pWhen I download data from my trade system to excel, I will sometimes have cells that have no content, and I would like my code to take this into account. I dont think my current code does this in a good way.p  pAny suggestionsfeedback would be appreciatedp    precodeSub CompData      Dim ws1 As Worksheet, ws2 As Worksheet, ws3 As Worksheet     Dim ws1LRow As Long, ws2LRow As Long     Dim i As Long, j As Long     Dim ws1LCol As Long, ws2LCol As Long     Dim Cell1 As Range, Cell2 As Range     Dim SearchString As String     Dim MatchFound As Boolean     Dim n As Integer     Dim NewDeal As String, MatDeal As String, ChangedDeal As String      NewDeal  New deal     MatDeal  Matureddeleted deal     ChangedDeal  Changed deal       Set ws1  Sheetssheet1     With ws1         ws1LRow  .RangeA amp .Rows.Count.EndxlUp.Row         ws1LCol  .Cells2, .Columns.Count.EndxlToLeft.Column     End With      Set ws2  Sheetssheet2     With ws2         ws2LRow  .RangeA amp .Rows.Count.EndxlUp.Row         ws2LCol  .Cells2, .Columns.Count.EndxlToLeft.Column     End With      Set ws3  Sheetssheet3     With ws3         Cells.Clear     End With      n  1      For i  1 To ws1LRow          SearchString  ws1.RangeA amp i.Value          Set Cell1  ws2.Columns1.FindWhatSearchString, LookInxlValues,                  LookAtxlWhole, SearchOrderxlByRows, SearchDirectionxlNext,                  MatchCaseFalse, SearchFormatFalse             If Not Cell1 Is Nothing Then             Set Cell2  Cell1             MatchFound  True              For j  1 To ws1LCol                 If ws1.Cellsi, j.Value ltgt ws2.CellsCell1.Row, j.Value Then                     MatchFound  False                     Exit For                 End If             Next              If MatchFound  False Then                 ws3.Cellsn, 2.Value  ws1.Cellsi, 1.Value                 ws3.Cellsn, j  1.Value  ws1.Cellsi, j.Value                 ws3.Cellsn, ws2LCol  2.Value  ws2.Cellsi, 1.Value                 ws3.Cellsn, ws2LCol  j  1.Value  ws2.Cellsi, j.Value                 ws3.Cellsn, 1.Value  ChangedDeal                 n  n  1             End If          Else             ws3.Cellsn, 2.Value  ws1.Cellsi, 1.Value             ws3.Cellsn, 1.Value  NewDeal             n  n  1         End If     Next      ws2.Select     For i  1 To ws2LRow         SearchString  ws2.RangeA amp i.Value          Set Cell2  ws1.Columns1.FindWhatSearchString, LookInxlValues,                  LookAtxlWhole, SearchOrderxlByRows, SearchDirectionxlNext,                  MatchCaseFalse, SearchFormatFalse         If Cell2 Is Nothing Then             ws3.Cellsn, 2.Value  ws2.Cellsi, 1.Value             ws3.Cellsn, 1.Value  MatDeal             n  n  1         End If     Next      ws3.Select  End Sub codepre
Negative 802 pI have 3 activities HomeBase activity with p  precode ltactivity         androidlaunchModesingleTop         androidnamecom.Home         androidlabelstringappname          androidscreenOrientationportrait gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt codepre  pOther two activites Activity1 and Activity2p  pwith theme codeandroidthemeandroidstyleTheme.Translucentcode can be called from each other or from home.p  pThey always return to home onBackpress it is overridep  precodeintent.setClassthis, Home.class intent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYCLEARTOP startActivityintent codepre  pwhen activity1 is called from activity2p  precodeintent.setClassthis, ACtivity2.class intent.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYREORDERTOFRONT startActivityintent codepre  pits onResume is called but cannot be seen Is there any solutionp  pstrongI want only single instance of Activity in stack.strongp  pstrongRequirementsstrong Activity1 and Activity2 should once created should never be destroyedThey should be always called from history until Home is called.p  pHelp me out. Thanks in Advance.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions9309479bugthemetranslucentflagactivityreordertofrontVisited this tooap
Negative 802 pIm newbie in RoR and currently on my first app.br Ive got 3 models  Event, Place and Orderp  precodeclass Event lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible name   hasmany places end  class Place lt ActiveRecordBase   attraccessible number, price, eventid   hasone order   belongsto event end  class Order lt ActiveRecordBase  attraccessible placenumber, price, placeid   belongsto place end codepre  pRoutes, btw when I had deeply nested it worked, at least NEW action gave no errors.p  precode    resources events do        resources places      end      resources places do      resources orders   end codepre  pIve got the problem with creating new order. Error isp  precodeActiveRecordRecordNotFound in OrdersControllernew  Couldnt find Event without an ID codepre  pHere goes my OrdersControllernot full cause its failing on the first line of my codep  precodeclass OrdersController lt ApplicationController    def new     event  Event.findparams[id]   end end codepre  pOnce more what I supposed to do. Im creating new order by getting info about place and event user clicked on. So I think I need those variables in NEW action and later in CREATE to get info about event and place.p
Negative 802 pHi I am inserting into a table then reading everything back into a codeListViewcode When I reopen the program I see the data I just saved in my codeListViewcode, but this record is not showing in my codeListViewcode at the time of saving although it is saved in the table. p  pI am using p  precode listView.Update  codepre  pas well asp  precode listView.Refresh  codepre  pbut it does not seem to work. I am just using a codeSELECTcode query to read data off the codedatareadercode and store it in my codelistViewcode as follows which is working properlyp  pThe only problem is that the listView is not refreshing immediately, but it works when I closeopen the programp  pheres the code I am using at the end of my Save method. basically these two methods get called p  precode  Private Sub SetColumns     Dim lstpenalty As New ListView     lstpenalty.Items.Clear     lstpenalty.Visible  True     lstpenalty.Bounds  New RectangleNew Point390, 55, New Size560, 379     lstpenalty.Name  lstpenalty     lstpenalty.FullRowSelect  True       lstpenalty.View  View.Details     lstpenalty.GridLines  True       lstpenalty.Items.Clear       lstpenalty.Columns.Adda, 75     lstpenalty.Columns.Addb, 70     lstpenalty.Columns.Addc, 105     lstpenalty.Columns.Addd, 98     lstpenalty.Columns.Adde, 90     lstpenalty.Columns.Addf, 105     Me.Controls.Addlstpenalty        LoadPenaltyListlstpenalty  End Sub  Private Sub LoadPenaltyListByRef listView As ListView      Dim gDR As OracleDataReader     Dim cmd As New OracleCommand     Dim lstpenaltyview As New ListViewItem      Try          cnn.ConnecttoOperAgent         cmd.Connection  cnn.cnn          listView.Items.Clear           cmd.CommandText   select a, amp                            b,  amp                            c,  amp                            d, amp                            e, amp                            f amp                             FROM myTable amp                             commit          gDR  cmd.ExecuteReader           While gDR.Read              lstpenaltyview  listView.Items.AddNullToStringgDRa             lstpenaltyview.SubItems.AddgDRb             lstpenaltyview.SubItems.AddgDRc             lstpenaltyview.SubItems.AddgDRd             lstpenaltyview.SubItems.AddgDRe             lstpenaltyview.SubItems.AddgDRf          End While          listView.Update        Catch ex As Exception         MsgBoxThere was an error... gt  amp ex.ToString      Finally         cmd.Dispose         cnn.CloseConn      End Try   End Sub codepre  pThanks for your help p
Negative 802 pIm very new to android and Im facing a wired problem.p  pIm starting an activity like this p  precodeIntent i  new IntentgetApplicationContext,InvoiceActivity.class i.setFlagsIntent.FLAGACTIVITYNEWTASK i.putExtrainvoice,extras.getStringinvoice startActivityi codepre  pand in log I can see this linep  precodeStarting Intent  flg0x10000000 cmpcom.simplepay.hellomobile.InvoiceActivity has extras  from pid 4785 codepre  pbut in my emulator and also in my android device the activity is not starting at all. No exception too. p  pWhere will be the mistakep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI have a dropdown menu which contains 3 options. This menu is shown inside a modal codejQuery UIcode dialog.p  pI can open open the dialog and choose one of the three options. The chosen option is stored in a variable. This works fine. But if I open the dialog again and choose another option, the variable does not change  it contains the value of first selection. p  precodebutton.clickfunction          var diag  ltselect iddiagDropdowngt             ltoptiongtOption 1ltoptiongt             ltoptiongtOption 2ltoptiongt             ltoptiongtOption 3ltoptiongt                ltselectgt      diag.dialog         title Choose Option,         autoOpen false,         modal true,         draggable false,          buttons OK dialogOK              function dialogOK               var chosenOptiondiagDropdown optionselected.val.toLowerCase          working with chosen option         this.dialogclose                                                                       codepre  pHope you can help me. Thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI currently store a users cart content in session. The problem is, I dont want this information, which is stored atp  precodeYIIappgtsession[cart]  codepre  p.. to be cleared when the user logs out. And for various reasons, I also dont want to store it in the database.p  pIs this possiblep
Negative 802 pI want to change my domain name a hrefhttpwww.domain.com relnofollowhttpwww.domain.coma to a hrefhttpdom.ad relnofollowhttpdom.ada is there any way to do it by htaccess files or other technique need help urgent .p
Negative 802 pI want to delete some codehttpcode request header fields from one specific request it means not on the codehttpProvidercode level. These fields arep  ul liCacheControlli liIfModifiedSinceli liRefererli liXRequestedWithli ul  pHow to do this in a single request I tried to use codetransformRequestcode parameter, but didnt find enough information to make it work. Such a [CoffeeScript] codep  precodescope.logout  gt   http     method GET     url apilogout     headers  Accept texthtml,applicationxhtmlxml,applicationxmlq0.9,q0.8      transformRequest data, headersGetter gt       console.log data       console.log headersGetter       data   .success gt     location.patheditor codepre  pshows that codedatacode is codeundefinedcode, headersGetter is codefunction caaNbbreturn ca[yc]nullacode which says to me absolutely nothing, and I didnt understand what to return from the transformRequest function.p
Negative 802 pIm creating several tables and merging data from them into one. These tables have similar columns col1 and col2 but the values in these columns can be different, ex. col1 on row 1 from tab1 may have 0 and col1 from tab2 may have  on the same row in col1 1. ONLY in this case I need to update the value from tab1 in col1 on the row 1. Take a look at the following examplep  precodeBEFORE MERGING                tab1 id col1 col2 1  0    0 2  0    1 3  0    0                               AFTER MERGING WITH tab2 tab2                         tab1 id col1 col2                   id col1 col2 1  1    0           gt       1  1    0 2  0    0                      2  0    1 3  0    0                      3  0    0 codepre  pFor that purpose I use the following queryp  precodemerge into tab1 st    using select id, col1, col2 from tab2 ss    ON st.idss.id     when matched then      update set  st.col1  ss.col1,                 st.col2  ss.col2     where ss.col1  0 or ss.col2  0   when not matched then     insert st.id, st.col1, st.col2     values ss.id, ss.col1, ss.col2       codepre  pIm just learning sql so only now I noticed that this query is not correct. It can overwrite the 1 value in the tab1 with 0 coming from tab2. Help me to improve this query please, Im stuck. p
Negative 802 pHeres my code for calculating a full house using 5 die. Now some numbers will work, such as if I roll a 1, 6, 6, 6, 1. But if I roll a 4, 4, 5, 5, 4. It will not work, and I have no idea. I know there is a lot of if statements and it could have done better, but I am a beginner programmer, and this is what I feel comfortable doing since I cant do a complex, logical algorithm. Thanks.   p  precode        Arrays.sortdie         int score  0          int d1  die[0]         int d2  die[1]         int d3  die[2]         int d4  die[3]         int d5  die[4]           if d1  1                      if d1  1 ampamp d2  1                              if d3  2 ampamp d4  2 ampamp d5  2                                      score  25                                  if d3  3 ampamp d4  3 ampamp d5  3                                      score  25                                  if d3  4 ampamp d4  4 ampamp d5  4                                      score  25                                  if d3  5 ampamp d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d3  6 ampamp d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                           else if d1  1 ampamp d2  1 ampamp d3  1                              if d4  2 ampamp d5  2                                      score  25                                  if d4  3 ampamp d5  3                                      score  25                                  if d4  4 ampamp d5  4                                      score  25                                  if d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                                if d1  2                      if d1  2 ampamp d2  2                              if d3  3 ampamp d4  3 ampamp d5  3                                      score  25                                  if d3  4 ampamp d4  4 ampamp d5  4                                      score  25                                  if d3  5 ampamp d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d3  6 ampamp d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                           else if d1  2 ampamp d2  2 ampamp d3  2                              if d4  3 ampamp d5  3                                      score  25                                  if d4  4 ampamp d5  4                                      score  25                                  if d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                                   if d1  3                      if d1  3 ampamp d2  3                              if d3  4 ampamp d4  4 ampamp d5  4                                      score  25                                  if d3  5 ampamp d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d3  6 ampamp d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                           else if d1  3 ampamp d2  3 ampamp d3  3                              if d4  4 ampamp d5  4                                      score  25                                  if d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                                if d1  4                      if d1  4 ampamp d2  4                              if d3  5 ampamp d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d3  6 ampamp d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                           else if d1  4 ampamp d2  4 ampamp d3  4                              if d4  5 ampamp d5  5                                      score  25                                  if d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                                if d1  5                      if d1  5 ampamp d2  5                              if d3  6 ampamp d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                           else if d1  5 ampamp d2  5 ampamp d3  5                              if d4  6 ampamp d5  6                                      score  25                                                return score          else         return 0  codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to get MinGW Version 4.7.2 working with Visual Studio 2010 to use some of the new C11 features sadly Im still on WindowsXP and cant use Visual Studio 2012. To get started, I created a project with File  New Project  Visual C  General  MakefileProjectp  precodeGeneral Build Command Line mingw32make.exe Rebuild All Command Line mingw32make.exe rebuild all Clean Command Line mingw32make.exe clean all  IntelliSense Include Search Path CMinGWlibgccmingw324.7.2includecCMinGWinclude Assembly Search Path CMinGWlibgccmingw324.7.2CMinGWlib Additional Arguments stdc11 codepre  pAnd I created an makefile with the contentp  precodeall     g stdc11 pthread o MakefileTest.exe main.cpp codepre  pIt compiles just fine, but almost everything is wavy red underlined in Visual Studios editor. i.e.p  precodestdvectorltstdthreadgt threads codepre  pcodestdvectorcode  Error namespace std has no member vectorp  pcodestdthreadcode  Error namespace std has no member threadp  peven codestdcout ltlt codep  pcodestdcoutcode  Error namespace std has no member coutp  pBut I included the correspondending headers of course and Visual Studio can even find them place the cursor at include   CtrlShiftG opens the header. My MinGw folder looks like the followingp  precode MinGW  bin  doc  include  lib   gettext   gcc    mingw32     4.7.2      debug      include       c      ...      includefixed      installtools  libexec  mingw32  msys  share  var codepre  pI also tried to delete the sdf file a few times and let Visual Studio rebuild it from scratch  but all these errors appeared again.p  pAny ideas what Im doing wrong here p
Negative 802 pi have local repo, and I need to view latest changes description perfile basis via web interface.p  pLook on examples folder in Netbeans sources p  p1  a hrefhttphg.netbeans.orgmainsilverfile1f5585db41b2ant.kit relnofollowon Netbeans native serverap  p2  a hrefhttpsbitbucket.orgnetbeansmainsilversrcb8edc134468f48261104242278373bdf248ede16ant.kitatdefault relnofollowon Bitbucket serverap  pI have 1, but I want 2 where we can see latest revision desc for each file. So, I try to modify hgweb templates mercurial.selenic.comwikiTheming to reach this functionality, but in file list page template manifest variables to get rev desc not accessible Only file name  size  permissions etc. available. p  pWhat can I dop
Negative 802 pI am struggling for a couple of days now with the following problem. I searched quite a lot for an answer, here in SO, in jersey mailing lists and the net in general, but werent able to find answer to this particular question.p  pSetting up the problem domain...p  pI am using Jersey 1.16 inside Tomcat 7.p  pI have created a simple JAXRS resource looking like thisp  precodePath Produces applicationxml, textplain  public class ExampleResource       GET     public ListltThinggt getThings          ListltThinggt list  new ArrayListltgt         list.addnew Thinga thing 1, a thing description 1         list.addnew Thinga thing 2, a thing description 2          return list        codepre  pcodeThingcode is a JAXB annotated POJO looking like thisp  precode        XmlRootElementname  thing         public class Thing              private String name                     private String description  getters, setters and XmlElement annotations ommited for brevity codepre  pI have also configured codeWadlGeneratorJAXBGrammarGenerator.classcodep  pAnd when I ask for codeGET httplocalhost8092restcode it works like a charm  nicely formatted collection of codeThingcode is returned.p  pThe automatically generated WADL codehttplocalhost8092restapplication.wadlcode is almost perfect, it looks like thisp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt ltapplication xmlnshttpwadl.dev.java.net200902gt     ltdoc xmlnsjerseyhttpjersey.java.net jerseygeneratedByJersey 1.16 11282012 0209 PM gt     ltgrammarsgt         ltinclude hrefapplication.wadlxsd0.xsdgt             ltdoc titleGenerated xmllangen gt         ltincludegt     ltgrammarsgt     ltresources basehttplocalhost8092restgt         ltresource pathgt             ltmethod idgetThings nameGETgt                 ltresponsegt                     ltns2representation xmlnsns2httpwadl.dev.java.net200902                         xmlns elementthing mediaTypeapplicationxml gt                     ltrepresentation mediaTypetextplain gt                 ltresponsegt             ltmethodgt         ltresourcegt     ltresourcesgt ltapplicationgt codepre  pLike I said, almost perfect, and therein lies the problem. p  precodeltns2representation xmlnsns2httpwadl.dev.java.net200902                             xmlns elementthing mediaTypeapplicationxml gt codepre  pThe WADL is not describing that codegetThingscode returns a codeListltThinggtcode.  Rather, it looks like it is referring to a single element codethingcode in the codexsd0.xsdcode. So, when I feed it in e.g. wadl2java, it generates untyped client.  In order to get a codeListltThinggtcode I have to manually code it, something like p  pcodeListltThinggt asXml  root.getAsXmlnew GenericTypeltListltThinggtgtcodep  pDoes anyone know if it is possible to have automatic WADL generation that would somehow indicate that this particular resource is returning a strongListstrong of resources of a specific typep  pAnd I strongdontstrong want to create additional ThingList JAXBannotated class and return that instead in my jersey resource. p  pI am almost there with generating the perfect WADL, it is just this hopefully little piece that I am missing...p  pThank you very muchp
Negative 802 pAim To parse and load log data into HIVE using strongemSerDeemstrong feature.Facing an issue while retrieving the data using SELECT statement.p  pWe created a table and are able to successfully load data. However,  the select statement retrieves only NULL values.p  pstrongSample log datastrongp  precode20130221 001348,916 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataBlockScanner Verification succeeded for blk57296774392733594301495 codepre  pThe RegEx we came up with to parse the above log is p  precode[ ] [ ]8[ ] [AZ] [ ] [[ ]s] codepre  pstrongCreate Tablestrongp  precodeCREATE EXTERNAL TABLE log  dt STRING, time STRING, loglevel STRING, check STRING, status STRING  ROW FORMAT SERDE org.apache.hadoop.hive.contrib.serde2.RegexSerDe WITH SERDEPROPERTIES  input.regex[ ] [ ]8[ ] [AZ] [ ] [[ ]s], output.format.string1s 2s 3s 4s 5s STORED AS TEXTFILE LOCATION tmplog codepre  pstrongWe added the jarstrongp  precodeadd jar usrlibhivelibhivecontrib0.7.1cdh3u4.jar codepre  pstrongLoad datastrongp  precodeload data local inpath tmplogdata.txt into table log codepre  pstrongRetreive datastrongp  precodeSelect  from log LIMIT 1 codepre  pstrongOutputstrongp  precodeNULL NULL NULL NULL NULL codepre  pSample Log datap  precode20130221 001348,916 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataBlockScanner Verification succeeded for blk57296774392733594301495  20130221 001539,929 INFO org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.server.datanode.DataBlockScanner Verification succeeded for blk47879162116718459461464 codepre  pThanks in Advancep
Negative 802 pI am using a web browser control in my Win Form which is installed in a citrix server when i try to open the application in my local it is working fine even in IE without any errors.When I try to open the same application after deploying in server, inside the web browser control I am getting some Java script errors while loading the form.p  pJavaScript errors are Internet Explorer script errorp  ol lipInvalid character in URLpli lipASP.NET Ajax client side framework failedpli lipSys is undefined.pli ol  pIs this error is because of the site which is opened in a control or any configuration is missing or IE issue Please helpp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pIm working on a roomplanner in jQuery. Users can drag walls every single wall is a separate div and drag furniture into the room. Take a look at the screenshotp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comW5MWs.jpg altImagep  pThe halftransparent white div you see between the walls are actually 2 divs wich sizes and positions get changed if a user drags a wall. Another screenshotp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDN1rA.jpg altImagep  pThis works but gives me too much headache with other shapes ushape. Is there a simple way to fill up the space between all the wallsp  pIv tried to draw with SVG and Canvas but its not easy to convert the wallpositions to lines and shapes.p  precodevar svg  ltsvg xmlnshttpwww.w3.org2000svg version1.1gt svg ltpath stylefillf00 dM 105,0 L 220,0 L 220,120 L 195,120 L 195,40 L 130,40 L 130,120 L 10,120 L 10,0 z gt svg ltsvggt  floor.prependsvg codepre  pI have all positions off all walls like thisp  precodevar wallX  parseFloat.wall.cssleft.replacepx, var wallY  parseFloat.wall.csstop.replacepx, var wallX2  parseFloat.wall.cssleft.replacepx,parseFloat.wall.csswidth.replacepx, var wallY2  parseFloat.wall.csstop.replacepx,parseFloat.wall.cssheight.replacepx, codepre
Negative 802 pI would like to build a query that returns the best matching document in the DB.p  pi.e I would like to find a document with the following fields   animaldog colorbrown patterndots sizesmallp  pIf there is no document that has all the above fiels and their corresponding values I would like the query to return the best match. f.e animaldog, colorbrown, sizesmallp  pCan I implement a recursive query in mongo db If so, how Should I use mapReduce, if so, how One can think of this problem more as a recommendation system problem in the way I would like to recommend on the itemdocument that fits best to the given values, I would appreciate if someone knows a good way to implement the abovep  pIm using mongodb mongoose and nodejs.p  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pI wrote a program to upload our racing videos continuously loop through every five minutes to see whether a video is finished upload, if finished then start upload another race videop  pIt all works fine and just from yesterday, it suddenly give a credential exception. First I though it might be the google blocked me cause I uploaded too many videosp  pSo I tried our testing google account use the program to upload one video and it comes with the same error againp  pSome body know anything might go wrong To me the code is absolutely fine, It works for nearly a year and no body touched it.p  pIm confusedp  pCrash point is  call service.setUserCredentials username, thepasswordp  pJava exception thrown com.google.gdata.client.GoogleServiceInvalidCredentialsE xception Invalid credentials.p
Negative 802 pI have a kendoui grid with a custom popup for editing.p  pIn this popup I have an input which is bound to a value of the gridp  precodeltinput typetext classkinput ktextbox idtest databindvalueSearchFiltergt codepre  pThis works fine. Click edit in the grid, change the value in the textbox and the value propagates to the grid.p  pBut now I want to change the value of the textbox in javascript.. So I now have thisp  precodetest.valtestvalue codepre  pThis indeed changes the value of the textbox, but upon save the new value isnt propagated to the grid. I guess because no change event occurs on the textbox.p  pHow do I make this work p
Negative 802 pI have followingp  precodefrom spyne.service import ServiceBase from spyne.util import xml from spyne.model import complex, primitive   class ComplexModelcomplex.ComplexModelBase     namespace  httpxml.candyshop.comnscandies     metaclass  complex.ComplexModelMeta   class CandyModelComplexModel     typename  candy     flavor  complex.XmlAttributeprimitive.Unicode   class BagModelComplexModel     typename  bag     candies  complex.ArrayCandyModel   class CandyShopServiceBase     tns  httpxml.candyshop.comnsshop      rpcreturnsprimitive.AnyXml     def getmybagctx         bag  BagModel         bag.candies  [CandyModelflavorchoco]         return xml.getobjectasxml             bag,             clsBagModel,             roottagnamebag,               classmethod     def dispatchcls         from django.views.decorators.csrf import csrfexempt         from spyne.application import Application         from spyne.server.django import DjangoApplication          application  Application[cls],             tnscls.tns,             inprotocolSoap11validatorlxml,             outprotocolSoap11cleanupnamespacesTrue                  return csrfexemptDjangoApplicationapplication   shopservice  CandyShop.dispatch codepre  pAnd result for codegetmybagcode is likep  precodelttnsgetmybagResult xmlnstnshttpxml.candyshop.comnsshopgt     ltns0bag xmlnsns0httpxml.candyshop.comnscandiesgt         ltns0candiesgt             ltns1candy xmlnsns1None flavorchocogt         ltns0candiesgt     ltns0baggt lttnsgetmybagResultgt codepre  pBut I want followingp  precodelttnsgetmybagResult xmlnstnshttpxml.candyshop.comnsshopgt     ltns0bag xmlnsns0httpxml.candyshop.comnscandiesgt         ltns0candiesgt             ltns0specialCandy flavorchocogt         ltns0candiesgt     ltns0baggt lttnsgetmybagResultgt codepre  pSo, how to customize type name for array content without definning new subclass I tried     codecomplex.ArrayCandyModel.customizetypenamespecialCandycodep  pbut this not works. Using of static codealiascode method gives an empty codeltns0candiesgtcode, maybe for that Im still put codeCandyModelcode instances to the codecandiescode list, but this is my goal.p  pSecond, why there is codexmlnsns1Nonecode and how to fix it for codens0codep  pBTW. Is there a way to customize namespace prefixesp  hr  h2EDITh2  precodeclass Candiescomplex.Array     namespace  httpxml.candyshop.comnscandies codepre  pandp  precodecandies  CandiesCandyModel codepre  psolves problem with namespaces, but its a workaround rather than solution. I prefer inline customization or some of mixin with my namespaced codeComplexModelcode.p
Negative 802 pI am using spring rest template to call Spring REST services, i am Sending json data via a ajax post tobr Controller.But the Controller is unable to resolve the Json Data passed as a param, the JSON data passed as a param contains special characters.Below is the code snippet of what i am doing.p  precodeAJAX part   .post     ltcurl valueurltocallrestTemplatemethod,      data1 value1,data2 value2 ,data3  JSON.stringifySomeDTO,     functiondata      ,     json  codepre  pthis content of methodwhich uses restTemplate to call controller called via above ajax postp  precode    String jsonData  req.getParameterdata3     String urlStr  String.formatmyControllersaveDatass,firstParam, secondParam     HttpHeaders headers  new HttpHeaders     headers.addContentType, MediaType.APPLICATIONJSONVALUE     headers.setAccept, applicationjsoncharsetutf8     HttpEntityltStringgt request  new HttpEntityltStringgtjsonData, headers     uri  new URIhttp, null, webHost, webPort, urlStr, queryString, null     String resp  new RestTemplate.postForObjecturi, request, String.class codepre  pController part called via above restTemplate Callp  precodeController RequestMappingmyController public class myController   RequestMappingvalue  saveDatafirstParamsecondParam, method  RequestMethod.POST,    produces  applicationjson, consumes  MediaType.APPLICATIONJSONVALUE,headers  content    typeapplicationjsoncharsetutf8 ResponseStatusHttpStatus.ACCEPTED  public ResponseBody SomeDTO saveSomethingPathVariable String firstParam, RequestBody SomeDTO secondParam,         PathVariable String status, HttpServletRequest request throws Exception       Calling my business method     SomeDTO dto  myServiceEndpoint.savefirstParam, secondParam     return dto       codepre  pthe above code gives the following errorp  precodeTRACE method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod  Error resolving argument [1] [typecom.foo.SomeDTO] codepre  pand thisp  precodeorg.springframework.http.converter.HttpMessageNotReadableException Could not read JSON Invalid UTF8 middle byte 0x68 codepre  pHowever i have set the encoding.Please help me with this.p
Negative 802 pIm developping a kindof chat application using longpolling.p  pIm using Play Framework 1.2.5 and im trying to handle multiple conversations storing their information in a database using JPA. p  pIn order to listen and publish every event into the chat someone joining, leaving, or texting im using an object of the type ArchivedEventStreamlt Event , but as this object is not an Entity, Play Framework doesnt find a proper type for him in the database. p  pFor the moment I made a static HashMap with the Model id of every conversation as a key and my ArchivedEventStream object with the events. I added the Transient annotation to it for not counting my Map into the database and evade the error.p  precodeTransient public final static HashMapltLong, ArchivedEventStreamltPlayEventgtgt playEvents   new HashMapltLong, F.ArchivedEventStreamltPlayEventgtgt codepre  pIt works for the moment and many people can use their own conversation following their own flux, but after a while, the server destroys this static variable producing some NullPointerExceptions.p  pIs there any way to store this object into my database so its accesible for each conversationp  por, can I stop my server Play from destroying my variablep  por even, is there any other better option to resolve this problemp  pThank you very much.p
Negative 802 pHow i can make a program using Visual Studio 2008 and SQL Server 2008 R2. This Application will run on Windows CE.5 and will run on Motorola Micro Kiosk MK590. .NET v2.0 is installed on it.p  pThanks in advance for helping Jazaibp
Negative 802 pIm trying to automate some work I normally do in putty, but Im having trouble sending some of the keys I would need to send.  I try to send the codecode and see the codecode appear.p  pFor referencep  ul liruby 1.8.7 20101223 patchlevel 330 [i386mingw32]li liprautomation 0.9.1, 0.6.3p  precoderequire rautomation   Run PuTTY program IO.popenputty usernamehost  window  RAutomationWindow.newtitle gt puttyi window.exist gt true  window.sendkeys gt [45] codepreli ul  pUPDATE Im beginning to think it has something to do with rautomation as I tried the below and was able to send codecodes.p  precode    require wind32ole       Run PuTTY program     IO.popenputty usernamehost      wsh  WIN32OLE.newWscript.Shell      def test       wsh.AppActivatePuTTY       wsh.SendKeysRubyTABonTABWindows hello      end      test codepre  pUPDATE Im almost 100 sure its RAutomation since I tried to send a codecode to firefoxnotepad and nothing showed up, but was able to send codeabcdcode.p
Negative 802 pI tried to set TTSs paras such as pitch and speech rate by pressing a button, but somehow nothing changes when I pressed it...p  pSee the code following, what I planned is that once I press the button strongSetParastrong, the strongpitchstrong and strongratestrong will be set to 0.5, andp  precodetts.setPitchpitch tts.setSpeechRaterate codepre  pwill set TTSs pitch and speech rate to 0.5, but the problem now is that after I pressed the strongSetParastrong button the pitch and speech rate didnt change...p  pPlease help me out p  precodepackage com.example.text2speechtrail import java.util.Locale import android.app.Activity import android.os.Bundle import android.speech.tts.TextToSpeech import android.util.Log import android.view.View import android.widget.Button import android.widget.EditText  public class MainActivity extends Activity implements     TextToSpeech.OnInitListener   Called when the activity is first created.   private TextToSpeech tts private Button btnSpeak private EditText txtText private Button btnSetPara  private EditText getPitch private EditText getRate public float pitch public float rate String stringpitch  null  String stringrate   null    Override public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain      tts  new TextToSpeechthis, this      btnSpeak  Button findViewByIdR.id.btnSpeak     btnSetPara  Button findViewByIdR.id.setPara     txtText  EditText findViewByIdR.id.txtText      getPitch  EditText findViewByIdR.id.getPitch      getRate  EditText findViewByIdR.id.getRate      btnSetPara.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener       Override     public void onClickView arg0       SetPara                  button on click event     btnSpeak.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener           Override         public void onClickView arg0               speakOut                  public void SetPara      pitch  float 0.5     rate  float 0.5       Override public void onDestroy       Dont forget to shutdown tts     if tts  null          tts.stop         tts.shutdown          super.onDestroy   Override public void onInitint status       if status  TextToSpeech.SUCCESS            int result  tts.setLanguageLocale.ENGLISH          tts.setPitchpitch         tts.setSpeechRaterate           if result  TextToSpeech.LANGMISSINGDATA                  result  TextToSpeech.LANGNOTSUPPORTED              Log.eTTS, This Language is not supported          else              btnSpeak.setEnabledtrue             speakOut                else          Log.eTTS, Initilization Failed          private void speakOut       String text  txtText.getText.toString      tts.speaktext, TextToSpeech.QUEUEFLUSH, null   codepre
Negative 802 pIm making a program that reads in a text file in this format p  precodeplayercode,playername,score  codepre  pand i then need to do thisp  pScore Analysis A report showing the number of players that score in the above ranges is required. Use an array to store the number in each range.p  precodeRange    Number in this range 0399    2 400599  0 600699  1 700999  1 1000 and over    0 codepre
Negative 802 pI have a TabNavigator and before that a ViewStack with TabBar that would not clip its contents. It over flows the border or appears under other components positioned further down the screen. Has anyone run into this before p  pHere is my codep  precodeltmxVDividedBox width300 height100gt     ltmxTabNavigator idfirstViewStack                  borderStylesolid                  width100                 height100                 clipContenttruegt           ltsNavigatorContent idcontent1                                      labelITEMSgt             ltviewsItems height550 width100 gt         ltsNavigatorContentgt           ltsNavigatorContent ideventsContent labelITEMS 2gt             ltviewsItems height880 width100gt         ltsNavigatorContentgt     ltmxTabNavigatorgt ltmxVDividedBoxgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVjZVr.png altContent correctly clipped img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comfq6SA.png altContent not clippedp  pstrongUPDATEstrongbr Ive included a animated gif of me resizing the tab content. As you can see the mask appears to be sized to the content rather than the available area Notice the border of the tab navigator along the size is being overlapped when resizing. p  pI set the minimum height on all of the content to lower values and height to 100 on all the content so it is not as high but you can see the content is still not getting clipped. p  pI also tried with a VGroup rather than a VDividedBox and it doesnt matter. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com92o6I.gif altenter image description herep  pHere is another code examplep  precodeltsVGroup top50 left50 width400gt     ltmxTabNavigator width100 height300gt         ltsNavigatorContent labelTABgt             ltsGroup width100 height400gt                 ltsRect width100 height100gt                     ltsfillgt                         ltsSolidColor colorff0000gt                     ltsfillgt                 ltsRectgt             ltsGroupgt         ltsNavigatorContentgt         ltsNavigatorContent labelTABgt             ltsGroup width100 height400gt                 ltsRect width100 height100gt                     ltsfillgt                         ltsSolidColor color0000ffgt                     ltsfillgt                 ltsRectgt             ltsGroupgt         ltsNavigatorContentgt     ltmxTabNavigatorgt     ltsButton width100 labelHELLO WORLDgt     ltsButton width100 labelHELLO WORLDgt ltsVGroupgt codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcukVQ.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pI have an Oracle SQL that works on MySQL, but I get the missing right parenthesis when I run On Oracle.p  pI put it on a hrefhttpsqlfiddle.com4a53531 relnofollowsqlfiddleap
Negative 802 pMy program runs and is in correct format, but I am supposed to put the whole thing in a loop that allows the program to run through until the user enters 6 to quit. 1 is supposed to be subtracted from the drinks in the machine every time that the user buys. When sold out it will say sold out. So the loop should repeat and display the total amount of money the machine earned.I dont know how to put the whole program into a while loopim guessing like this please helpp  precodeinclude ltiomanipgt include ltiostreamgt include ltstringgt using namespace std   struct Drink      string drinkName     double cost     int numberInMachine   struct Drink options[]  Cola, .75, 0, Root Beer, .75, 2,                       LemonLime, .75, 10,                       Grape Soda, .80, 3, Cream Soda, .80, 20  int getChoice double showTransactionint  int main      int choice     double moneyEarned  0.0      choice  getChoice     moneyEarned  showTransactionchoice      cout ltltThe machine earned  ltlt moneyEarned ltlt endl       getChoice     showTransactionoptions, NUMDRINKS, choice       systempause     return 0   int getChoice      int choice      cout ltlt Enter the number16 of the drink you would like  ltlt endl     cout ltlt Drink Name         Cost             ltlt endl      cout ltlt 1. Cola            .75              ltlt endl     cout ltlt 2. Root Beer       .75              ltlt endl     cout ltlt 3. Lemonlime      .75              ltlt endl     cout ltlt 4. Grape Soda      .80              ltlt endl     cout ltlt 5. Cream Soda      .80              ltlt endl     cout ltlt 6. Quit  ltlt endl      cout ltlt  Enter the number of your selection      cin gtgt choice      whilechoice  1 ampamp choice  2 ampamp choice 3 ampamp choice  4                        ampamp choice  5 ampamp choice  6                  cout ltlt Please enter a valid number 16 ltlt endl             cin gtgt choice           return choice  double showTransactionint choice       double moneyIn      ifoptions[choice  1].numberInMachine lt 1              return 0.0           cout ltlt options[choice  1].drinkName ltlt costs            ltlt options[choice  1].cost ltlt endl     cout ltlt Enter money inserted up to 1.00      cin gtgt moneyIn     whilemoneyIn lt options[choice  1].cost              cout ltlt The money entered is not enough, please enter more          cin gtgt moneyIn          cout ltlt Your change is  ltlt moneyIn  options[choice  1].cost                   ltlt endl      return moneyIn   codepre
Negative 802 pI have implemented Facebook sharing in my app iOS6 and the code is as follows.p  pCompletion Handlerp  precodeSLComposeViewControllerCompletionHandler block completionHandler  SLComposeViewControllerResult result      UIAlertView alert  nil     switchresult          case SLComposeViewControllerResultCancelled              alert  [UIAlertView alloc]initWithTitleCancelled messageYour message wasnt shared delegatenil cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil, nil]             [alert show]                  break         case SLComposeViewControllerResultDone              alert  [UIAlertView alloc]initWithTitlePosted messageYour message was posted successfully delegatenil cancelButtonTitleOK otherButtonTitlesnil, nil]             [alert show]                  break       codepre  p Posting to Facebookp  precodeif[SLComposeViewController isAvailableForServiceTypeSLServiceTypeFacebook]      SLComposeViewController fbVC  [SLComposeViewController composeViewControllerForServiceTypeSLServiceTypeFacebook]     fbVC.completionHandler  completionHandler     [self presentViewControllerfbVC animatedYES completionnil]  codepre  pI am testing the following situationsp  ol liInternet available and user entered text and pressed postli liInternet available and user entered text and pressed cancelli liInternet not available and user entered text and pressed post.li ol  pFirst two works as they should. In the third situation, as expected, I get alertp  precodeCannot Post to Facebook  The post cannot be sent because connection to Facebook failed. codepre  pBut after I press either Try Again or Cancel button in the alert view that was presented to me, I get Posted alert the completion handler type SLComposeViewControllerResultDone gets executed. p  pHow to prevent thisp
Negative 802 pI have a suite of cucumber scripts that execute against our web apps.  When I run the scripts against IE8 and Chrome they run fine but when it comes to closing the browser it cant.  p  pHere is the stack trace I getp  pErrnoECONNREFUSED Connection refused  Connection refusedp  precode    initialize at orgjrubyextsocketRubyTCPSocket.java122           open at orgjrubyRubyIO.java1179        connect at Cjruby1.7.2libruby1.9nethttp.rb762        timeout at orgjrubyexttimeoutTimeout.java105        connect at Cjruby1.7.2libruby1.9nethttp.rb762       dostart at Cjruby1.7.2libruby1.9nethttp.rb755          start at Cjruby1.7.2libruby1.9nethttp.rb744          start at Cjruby1.7.2libruby1.9nethttp.rb743        request at Cjruby1.7.2libruby1.9nethttp.rb1292        request at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsrestclient1.6.7librestclientnethttpext.rb51   responsefor at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverremotehttpdefault.rb83        request at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverremotehttpdefault.rb39           call at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverremotehttpcommon.rb40    rawexecute at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverremotebridge.rb619        execute at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverremotebridge.rb597           quit at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverremotebridge.rb193           quit at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdriverchromebridge.rb48           quit at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemsseleniumwebdriver2.32.1libseleniumwebdrivercommondriver.rb168          close at Cjruby1.7.2librubygemssharedgemswatirwebdriver0.6.2libwatirwebdriverbrowser.rb135         root at CUsersexplorysDocumentsworkspaceqacucumberfeaturessupporthooks.rb25 codepre  ul liWe use jruby with our scripts.li ul  pHere is the code that closes the browserp  precodeatexit do   if browser.nil     browser.close   end end codepre  pHere is a list of the gemsp  blockquote   pactivemodel 3.2.13, 3.2.12p      pactiverecord 3.2.12p      pactiverecordjdbcadapter 1.2.2.1p      pactiverecordjdbcmysqladapter 1.2.2.1p      pactivesupport 3.2.13, 3.2.12p      parel 3.0.2p      pbuilder 3.0.4p      pchildprocess 0.3.8p      pcommonwatir 4.0.0p      pcompositeprimarykeys 5.0.12p      pcucumber 1.2.1p      pdifflcs 1.2.1, 1.1.3p      pfastercsv 1.5.5p      pffi 1.3.1 javap      pgherkin 2.11.6 javap      phbasejruby 0.2.2 javap      pi18n 0.6.1p      pjdbcmysql 5.1.22.1p      pjrubywin32ole 0.8.5p      pjson 1.7.7 javap      plinecache 0.46 javap      pmimetypes 1.22p      pmultijson 1.6.0p      prake 10.0.2p      prestclient 1.6.7p      prspec 2.12.0p      prspeccore 2.12.2p      prspecexpectations 2.12.1p      prspecmocks 2.12.2p      prubydebugbase 0.10.5.rc3 javap      prubydebugide 0.4.17.beta17, 0.4.17.beta16p      prubyzip 0.9.9p      pseleniumwebdriver 2.32.1, 2.29.0p      psysuname 0.9.1p      ptzinfo 0.3.35p      pwatir 4.0.2p      pwatirwebdriver 0.6.2p      pwebsocket 1.0.7p      pwin32process 0.7.2p      pxmlobject 0.9.93p      pxmlsimple 1.1.2p blockquote
Negative 802 pIn sandbox mode all products bought is displayed with no problem. When testing im also sent to the pdt.php with the url ending with itemname54 for example. When in live mode i get to same pdt.php but the url is ending with itemname without a number and of course there is the problem. But why Both the sandbox button buy now and the live button add to cart have the same id54.p  pBefore payment is done you get an overview of the products in the cart and here it also differs a bit. In sandbox mode the product is listed as Objektsnummer54 ss here a hrefhttpsnag.gy0SmI6.jpg relnofollowhttpsnag.gy0SmI6.jpga but in live mode the product is listed as Artikelnummer54 ss here a hrefhttpsnag.gyZSIH4.jpg relnofollowhttpsnag.gyZSIH4.jpgap  pSo basically article number and object number but in Swedish.p  pWhy is this Is the live using some other variable than itemname I cannot find any other idholder than itemname and its obviously not working on the live side.p  pAny help is really apprciated, I am stuk at the moment since it should work.p
Negative 802 pI have a log mining tool I have written. I can launch it using nohup and pass in arguments like what file it is to parse it uses a platform independent tail class I wrote in Python. However I would like it to start as an init script or from the command line as a daemon. And I would like to be able to start multiple instances if there is more than one log file to look at on the same server. p  pI have looked at the a hrefhttpspypi.python.orgpypipythondaemon relnofollowpythondaemon packagea but it is unclear in the reference documents if it is possible to pass in emprocessinstance specific argumentsem. e.g. like what log file each daemon instance of the program is supposed to scan. p  pOne of the issues I am trying to get my head around is how to stop or restart the individual daemon instances created. p
Negative 802 pIm looking for a text control that will continuosly horizontal scroll its content if it does not fit into the available space.p  pI really dont know where to start looking. Is there any control out there with similar capabilities our should I start one from scratchp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIn my django project Im using an externally written app which is badly written. Now I want to ignore this app from my pylint reporting, however I cant get pylint to ignore it. Pylint is already ignoring the South migrations, like thisp  precode[MASTER] ignoremigrations codepre  pHowever, the documentation states that multiple ignores can be specified. But Ive tried a few and couldnt get them to work.p  pDoesnt workp  precode[MASTER] ignoremigrations,badapp codepre  pAlso doesnt workp  precode[MASTER] ignoremigrations ignorebadapp codepre  pMy project structure is like thisp  precode goodapp      models.py      tests.py      views.py  badapp      models.py      tests.py      views.py  manage.py codepre  pId rather not sprinkle my code with code pylint skipfilecode, but rather configure pylint using the rcfile.p
Negative 802 pI have a simple language that I am trying to write a compiler for yes it is homework to compile a simple language I shall describe if necessary to java vm code.p  pIt currently works pretty well Ive just hit a bump with logical ANDs and ORs.p  pEach work fine in a single ifwhile condition, but if I try and chain them things go wrong, correct me if I am wrong but I believe that AND has precedence, but I was wondering if there are logical ways of arranging them I think is what Im trying to ask, the java vm code output just has the compare and jump statements one after the other which seems wrong. I realise its quite abstract so maybe what Im after is a pseudo codealgorithm for how to structure chained ANDs and ORs. p  pstrongEDITstrong Currently just treats any combination of AND and OR as ANDs.  Comparing the factortermexpression connection compared to booleanfactor etc I believe that AND has precedence Just a thought.p  pApologies if this is poorly understood p  pSo i figure ill include relevant info just incase.p  pcompiler p  precodeimport re import sys   Restrictions  Integer constants must be short.  Stack size must not exceed 1024.  Integer is the only type.  Logical operators cannot be nested.  class Scanner     The interface comprises the methods lookahead and consume.        Other methods should not be called from outside of this class.      def initself, inputfile         Reads the whole inputfile to inputstring.          source code of the program to be compiled         self.inputstring  inputfile.read          index where the unprocessed part of inputstring starts         self.currentcharindex  0          a pair most recently read token, matched substring of inputstring         self.currenttoken  self.gettoken      def skipwhitespaceself         Consumes all characters in inputstring up to the next            nonwhitespace character.         if self.currentcharindex gt lenself.inputstring  1              bad fix for it overrunning the end of the file             return          while self.inputstring[self.currentcharindex].isspace             self.currentcharindex  1           return      def gettokenself         Returns the next token and the part of inputstring it matched.            Returns None if there is no next token.            The characters up to the end of the token are consumed.          self.skipwhitespace          find the longest prefix of inputstring that matches a token         token, longest  None,          for t, r in Token.tokenregexp             match  re.matchr, self.inputstring[self.currentcharindex]             if match and match.end gt lenlongest                 token, longest  t, match.group          consume the token by moving the index to the end of the matched part         self.currentcharindex  lenlongest         return token, longest      def lookaheadself         Returns the next token without consuming it.            Returns None if there is no next token.         return self.currenttoken[0]      def consumeself, tokens         Returns the next token and consumes it, if it is in tokens.            Raises an exception otherwise.            If the token is a number or an identifier, its value is returned.         if self.currenttoken[0] not in tokens             printToken   self.currenttoken[0]   isnt in the tokens              for token in tokens                 printtoken             raise ExceptionToken is not in tokens this shouldnt happen much          if self.currenttoken[0]  ID             symboltable.locationself.currenttoken[1]             value  self.currenttoken[1]           elif self.currenttoken[0]  NUM             value  self.currenttoken[1]          else             value  self.currenttoken[0]          self.currenttoken  self.gettoken          return value    class Token     DO     DO     ELSE   ELSE     END    END     IF     IF     THEN   THEN     WHILE  WHILE     SEM    SEM     BEC    BEC     LESS   LESS     EQ     EQ     GRTR   GRTR     LEQ    LEQ     NEQ    NEQ     GEQ    GEQ     ADD    ADD     SUB    SUB     MUL    MUL     DIV    DIV     LPAR   LPAR     RPAR   RPAR     NUM    NUM     ID     ID     READ   READ     WRITE  WRITE     OR     OR     AND    AND     NOT    NOT        The following list gives the regular expression to match a token.      The order in the list matters for mimicking Flex behaviour.      Longer matches are preferred over shorter ones.      For samelength matches, the first in the list is preferred.     tokenregexp  [         DO,    do,         ELSE,  else,         END,   end,         IF,    if,         THEN,  then,         WHILE, while,         READ,  read,         WRITE, write,         OR,    or,         AND,   and,         NOT,   not,                 SEM,   ,         BEC,   ,         LESS,  lt,         EQ,    ,         NEQ,   ,         GRTR,  gt,         LEQ,   lt,         GEQ,   gt,         ADD,   [],   is special in regular expressions         SUB,   ,         MUL,   [],         DIV,   ,         LPAR,  [],   is special in regular expressions         RPAR,  [],   is special in regular expressions         ID,    [az],         NUM,   [09],     ]  class SymbolTable     A symbol table maps identifiers to locations.     def initself         self.symboltable       def sizeself         Returns the number of entries in the symbol table.         return lenself.symboltable     def locationself, identifier         Returns the location of an identifier. If the identifier is not in            the symbol table, it is entered with a new location. Locations are            numbered sequentially starting with 0.         if identifier in self.symboltable             return self.symboltable[identifier]         index  lenself.symboltable         self.symboltable[identifier]  index         return index  class Label     def initself         self.currentlabel  0     def nextself         Returns a new, unique label.         self.currentlabel  1         return l  strself.currentlabel  def indents, level     return     level  s  n   Each of the following classes is a kind of node in the abstract syntax tree.  indentedlevel returns a string that shows the tree levels by indentation.  code returns a string with JVM bytecode implementing the tree fragment.  truecodefalsecodelabel jumps to label if the condition isis not true.  Execution of the generated code leaves the value of expressions on the stack.  class ProgramAST     def initself, program         self.program  program     def reprself         return reprself.program     def indentedself, level         return self.program.indentedlevel     def codeself         program  self.program.code         local  symboltable.size         javascanner  symboltable.locationJava Scanner         return .class public Programn                  .super javalangObjectn                  .method public ltinitgtVn                  aload0n                  invokenonvirtual javalangObjectltinitgtVn                  returnn                  .end methodn                  .method public static main[LjavalangStringVn                  .limit locals   strlocal  n                  .limit stack 1024n                  new javautilScannern                  dupn                  getstatic javalangSystem.in LjavaioInputStreamn                  invokespecial javautilScanner.ltinitgtLjavaioInputStreamVn                  astore   strjavascanner  n                  program                  returnn                  .end methodn  class StatementsAST     def initself, statements         self.statements  statements     def reprself         result  reprself.statements[0]         for st in self.statements[1]             result     reprst         return result     def indentedself, level         result  indentStatements, level         for st in self.statements             result  st.indentedlevel1         return result     def codeself         result           for st in self.statements             result  st.code         return result  class IfAST     def initself, booleanexpression, then         self.booleanexpression  booleanexpression         self.then  then     def reprself         return if   reprself.booleanexpression   then                           reprself.then   end     def indentedself, level         return indentIfThen, level                  self.booleanexpression.indentedlevel1                  self.then.indentedlevel1     def codeself         l1  labelgenerator.next         return self.booleanexpression.codel1                  self.then.code                  l1  n  class IfElseAST     def initself, booleanexpression, then, else         self.booleanexpression  booleanexpression         self.then  then         self.else  else     def reprself         return if   reprself.booleanexpression   then                           reprself.then   else                           reprself.else   end     def indentedself, level         return indentIfThenElse, level                  self.booleanexpression.indentedlevel1                  self.then.indentedlevel1                  indentElse, level1                  self.else.indentedlevel1     def codeself         l1  labelgenerator.next            l2  labelgenerator.next         return self.booleanexpression.codel1                  self.then.code                  goto   l2  n                  l1  n                  self.else.code                  l2  n   class WhileAST     def initself, booleanterm, body         self.booleanterm  booleanterm         self.body  body     def reprself         return while   reprself.booleanterm   do                              reprself.body   end     def indentedself, level         return indentWhileDo, level                  self.booleanterm.indentedlevel1                  self.body.indentedlevel2     def codeself         l1  labelgenerator.next         l2  labelgenerator.next         return l1  n                  self.booleanterm.codel2                  self.body.code                  goto   l1  n                  l2  n  class AssignAST     def initself, identifier, expression         self.identifier  identifier         self.expression  expression     def reprself         return reprself.identifier    reprself.expression     def indentedself, level         return indentAssign, level                  self.identifier.indentedlevel1                  self.expression.indentedlevel1     def codeself         loc  symboltable.locationself.identifier.identifier         return self.expression.code                  istore   strloc  n  class WriteAST     def initself, expression         self.expression  expression     def reprself         return write   reprself.expression     def indentedself, level         return indentWrite, level  self.expression.indentedlevel1     def codeself         return getstatic javalangSystemout LjavaioPrintStreamn                  self.expression.code                  invokestatic javalangStringvalueOfILjavalangStringn                  invokevirtual javaioPrintStreamprintlnLjavalangStringVn  class ReadAST     def initself, identifier         self.identifier  identifier     def reprself         return read   reprself.identifier     def indentedself, level         return indentRead, level  self.identifier.indentedlevel1     def codeself         javascanner  symboltable.locationJava Scanner         loc  symboltable.locationself.identifier.identifier         return aload   strjavascanner  n                  invokevirtual javautilScanner.nextIntIn                  istore   strloc  n  class ComparisonAST     def initself, left, op, right         self.left  left         self.op  op         self.right  right     def reprself         op   Token.LESSlt, Token.EQ, Token.GRTRgt,                Token.LEQlt, Token.NEQ, Token.GEQgt          return reprself.left  op[self.op]  reprself.right     def indentedself, level         return indentself.op, level                  self.left.indentedlevel1                  self.right.indentedlevel1     def truecodeself, label         op   Token.LESSificmplt, Token.EQificmpeq,                Token.GRTRificmpgt, Token.LEQificmple,                Token.NEQificmpne, Token.GEQificmpge          return self.left.code                  self.right.code                  op[self.op]     label  n     def falsecodeself, label          Negate each comparison because of jump to false label.         op   Token.LESSificmpge, Token.EQificmpne,                Token.GRTRificmple, Token.LEQificmpgt,                Token.NEQificmpeq, Token.GEQificmplt          return self.left.code                  self.right.code                  op[self.op]     label  n  class ExpressionAST     def initself, left, op, right         self.left  left         self.op  op         self.right  right     def reprself         op   Token.ADD, Token.SUB, Token.MUL, Token.DIV          return   reprself.left  op[self.op]  reprself.right       def indentedself, level         return indentself.op, level                  self.left.indentedlevel1                  self.right.indentedlevel1     def codeself         op   Token.ADDiadd, Token.SUBisub,                Token.MULimul, Token.DIVidiv          return self.left.code                  self.right.code                  op[self.op]  n  class NumberAST     def initself, number         self.number  number     def reprself         return self.number     def indentedself, level         return indentself.number, level     def codeself  works only for short numbers         return sipush   self.number  n  class IdentifierAST     def initself, identifier         self.identifier  identifier     def reprself         return self.identifier     def indentedself, level         return indentself.identifier, level     def codeself         loc  symboltable.locationself.identifier         return iload   strloc  n  class BooleanFactorAST     def initself, condition, logic         self.condition  condition         self.logic  logic     def reprself         if self.logic  False             return NOT   reprself.condition         else             return reprself.condition     def indentedself, level         if self.logic  False             return indentNOT , level  self.condition.indentedlevel  1         else             return self.condition.indentedlevel     def falsecodeself, label         if self.logic  True             return self.condition.falsecodelabel         else             return self.condition.truecodelabel         return     def truecodeself, label         if self.logic  True             return self.condition.truecodelabel         else             return self.condition.falsecodelabel   class BooleanTermAST     def initself, terms         self.terms  terms     def reprself         result  reprself.terms[0]         for term in self.terms[1]             result  result   AND   reprterm         return result     def indentedself, level         result  self.terms[0].indentedlevel         for term in self.terms[1]             result  result  indentAND, level             result  result  term.indentedlevel         return result     def codeself, label         result           for term in self.terms             result  result  term.falsecodelabel         return result  class BooleanExpressionAST     def initself, expressions         self.expressions  expressions     def reprself         result  reprself.expressions[0]         for expression in self.expressions[1]             result  result   OR   reprexpression         return result     def indentedself, level         result  self.expressions[0].indentedlevel         indentation  0         for expression in self.expressions[1]             indentation  1             result  result  indentOR, level  indentation             result  result  expression.indentedlevel  indentation         return result     def codeself, label         result           for expression in self.expressions             result  result  expression.codelabel         return result    The following methods comprise the recursivedescent parser.  def program     sts  statements     return ProgramASTsts  def statements     result  [statement]     while scanner.lookahead  Token.SEM         scanner.consumeToken.SEM         st  statement         result.appendst     return StatementsASTresult  def statement     if scanner.lookahead  Token.IF         return ifstatement     elif scanner.lookahead  Token.WHILE         return whilestatement     elif scanner.lookahead  Token.ID         return assignment     elif scanner.lookahead  Token.READ         return read     elif scanner.lookahead  Token.WRITE         return write     else  error         return scanner.consumeToken.IF, Token.WHILE, Token.ID  def ifstatement     scanner.consumeToken.IF     condition  booleanexpression     scanner.consumeToken.THEN     then  statements     if scanner.lookahead  Token.END         scanner.consumeToken.END         return IfASTcondition, then     else         scanner.consumeToken.ELSE         else  statements         scanner.consumeToken.END         return IfElseASTcondition, then, else  def whilestatement     scanner.consumeToken.WHILE     condition  booleanexpression     scanner.consumeToken.DO     body  statements     scanner.consumeToken.END     return WhileASTcondition, body  def assignment     ident  identifier     scanner.consumeToken.BEC     expr  expression     return AssignASTident, expr  def read     scanner.consumeToken.READ     variable  identifier     return ReadASTvariable   def write     scanner.consumeToken.WRITE     expr  expression     return WriteASTexpr  def comparison     left  expression     op  scanner.consumeToken.LESS, Token.EQ, Token.GRTR,                          Token.LEQ, Token.NEQ, Token.GEQ     right  expression     return ComparisonASTleft, op, right  def expression     result  term     while scanner.lookahead in [Token.ADD, Token.SUB]         op  scanner.consumeToken.ADD, Token.SUB         tree  term         result  ExpressionASTresult, op, tree     return result  def term     result  factor     while scanner.lookahead in [Token.MUL, Token.DIV]         op  scanner.consumeToken.MUL, Token.DIV         tree  factor         result  ExpressionASTresult, op, tree     return result  def factor     if scanner.lookahead  Token.LPAR         scanner.consumeToken.LPAR         result  expression         scanner.consumeToken.RPAR         return result     elif scanner.lookahead  Token.NUM         value  scanner.consumeToken.NUM         return NumberASTvalue     elif scanner.lookahead  Token.ID         return identifier     else  error         return scanner.consumeToken.LPAR, Token.NUM, Token.ID  def identifier     value  scanner.consumeToken.ID     return IdentifierASTvalue  def booleanfactor     if scanner.lookahead  Token.NOT         scanner.consumeToken.NOT         logic  False     else         logic  True     result  comparison     return BooleanFactorASTresult, logic  def booleanterm     result  [booleanfactor]     while scanner.lookahead in [Token.AND]         scanner.consumescanner.lookahead         temp  booleanfactor         result.appendtemp      return BooleanTermASTresult  def booleanexpression     result  [booleanterm]     while scanner.lookahead in [Token.OR]         scanner.consumescanner.lookahead         temp  booleanterm         result.appendtemp      return BooleanExpressionASTresult   Initialise scanner, symbol table and label generator.  scanner  Scanneropentest.txt scanner  Scannersys.stdin symboltable  SymbolTable symboltable.locationJava Scanner  fix a location for the Java Scanner labelgenerator  Label   Uncomment the following to test the scanner without the parser.  This shows a list of all tokens in the input.  token  scanner.lookahead  while token  None     printtoken     scanner.consumetoken     token  scanner.lookahead  exit   Call the parser.  ast  program assert scanner.lookahead  None   Uncomment the following to test the parser without the code generator.  The first line gives back the program by calling repr of the AST classes.  The second line shows the syntax tree with levels indicated by indentation.  printast printast.indented0 exit   Call the code generator.   This translates the abstract syntax tree to JVM bytecode.  It can be assembled to a class file by Jasmin httpjasmin.sourceforge.net  printast.code codepre  ptesting bat filep  precodepython compiler.py lttest.txtgt Program.j java Xmx100m jar jasmin.jar Program.j java Xmx100m Program lt testInput.txt gt testoutput.txt codepre  pand language BNFp  precodeProgram  Statements Statements  Statement  Statement Statement  If  While  Assignment If  if Comparison then Statements end While  while Comparison do Statements end Assignment  identifier  Expression Comparison  Expression Relation Expression Relation      lt  lt  gt  gt Expression  Term    Term Term  Factor    Factor Factor  Expression  number  identifier BooleanExpression  BooleanTerm or BooleanTerm BooleanTerm  BooleanFactor and BooleanFactor BooleanFactor  not BooleanFactor  Comparison codepre  pI think thats all that is relevant, cheers if you take a go at helping me on thisp
Negative 802 pIm writing a program that must normalize audio code.wavcode file. There is a task to display headers data codeChunkIdcode, codeChunkSizecode and so on.p  pI want to make a function named codedisplayhdrcode In order to have less code in the main.c file, so it will become esier to read this code. To do this I have to pass this function headers variable variable of type header as argument, but it writes p  precodefunctions.h1error unknown type name header codepre  hr  pemstrongmain.cemstrongp  precodetypedef struct FMT      char        SubChunk1ID[4]     int         SubChunk1Size     short int   AudioFormat     short int   NumChannels     int         SampleRate     int         ByteRate     short int   BlockAlign     short int   BitsPerSample  fmt  typedef struct DATA      char        Subchunk2ID[4]     int         Subchunk2Size     int         Data[]  data  typedef struct HEADER      char        ChunkID[4]     int         ChunkSize     char        Format[4]     fmt         S1     data        S2  header codepre  pHeaders variable was declared in this wayp  precodeheader hdr codepre  pAnd now, strongwhen I try to pass codehdrcode to my function it prints an codeerrorcodestrongp  precodefunctions.h1error unknown type name header codepre  hr  pemstrongfunctions.hemstrongp  precodevoid displayhdr header hdr       printfnn     printfWAVE files metadatann      printf4.4sn,  hdr.ChunkID        printfdn,     hdr.ChunkSize      printf4.4sn,  hdr.Format          printf4.4sn,  hdr.S1.SubChunk1ID        printfdn,     hdr.S1.SubChunk1Size      printfdn,     hdr.S1.AudioFormat        printfdn,     hdr.S1.NumChannels        printfdn,     hdr.S1.SampleRate         printfdn,     hdr.S1.ByteRate           printfdn,     hdr.S1.BlockAlign         printfdn,     hdr.S1.BitsPerSample       printf4.4sn,  hdr.S2.Subchunk2ID        printfdn,     hdr.S2.Subchunk2Size     SAMPLES SIZE     printfnn     return  codepre  pSo, how to pass a variable of your own nonstandard type to a function as an argumentp
Negative 802 pI have problems with getting the intellisense fully work for my jQuery widgets in Visual Studio 2010. For a widget the intellisense works fine when no base is specified.p  pBut when I do specify a base the intellisense stops working p  pIn the following code intellisense worksp  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecode ltreference pathjQueryjquery1.8.3.js gt  function        ltparam name typejQuerygtPass jQueryltparamgt     .widgetspace.baseWidget,          create function                ltsummarygt              The constructor of the widget              ltsummarygt             if this.doStuffvalue1,  value2 true                   alertUghly alert in widget constructor                      ,          doStuff function param1, param2               ltsummarygt              Actually do nothing and just say you did              ltsummarygt              ltparam nameparam1 typeStringgtSome textltparamgt              ltparam nameparam2 typeObjectgtSome objectltparamgt              ltreturns typeBoolgtAlways trueltreturnsgt             return true                jQuery codepre  pScreen shotp  pI would like to add a screenshot here, but my reputation is not good enough yet, so you have to trust me on my blue eyes that intellisense works for above codep  pWhen I changep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecode    .widgetspace.baseWidget,  codepre  pTop  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecode    .widgetspace.extendedWidget, space.baseWidget,  codepre  pNo more intellisense...  Does anybody has a idea why Or even better, how to fix it Thanx in advancep
Negative 802 pI know similar questions have been asked but I have not found a solution.p  pI have a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netslogaKdskX23 relnofollowsample fiddlea using some of my known years, months and days as a sample. Instead on manually adding select option divs for each year, Id like the div id to dynamically populate based on the value of the year selected and so on.p  pI have all dropdown option values from my database php, mysql, cakephp 1.3. The first dropdown contains unique years that reports have been entered. Once selected onchange perhaps, the second dropdown will only give unique Months that reports were entered for that selected year and then once the month is selected onchange a third dropdown will populate with the dates of each day a report was entered. Reports started in August of 2011 and have not been entered every month nor every day since.p  pstrongNeed help with my ajaxstrong to post selected option from first dropdown list to my controller, then get 2nd dropdown options from new query to db model based on the posted value. Lets assume user selects 2013 from the first dropdown, then ajax sends 2013 in a variable to my controller, the controller sends value to my Model and my Model queries the database to get distinct months within 2013 where reports where entered. And since the year is not over, the only months that should appear are January thru July. These populate my months dropdown and the user selects May in example. Ajax sends May or 05 to controller  Model and the model queries DB to get unique days in May, 2013. This populates my third dropdown. I will have a hidden input field that will be all the selected values from the dropdowns in this format MMDDYYYY. When user submits, this redirect user to the reports page for that date and shows all records entered on that day.p  pThanks for helping...p  precode    ltselect namedrop1 iddrop1gt         ltoption value selectedselected disableddisabledgtChoose Yearltoptiongt         ltoption valuegtSelect Yearltoptiongt         ltoption value2011gt2011ltoptiongt         ltoption value2012gt2012ltoptiongt         ltoption value2013gt2013ltoptiongt     ltselectgt      ltselect namedrop2 iddrop2gt         ltoption value selectedselected disableddisabledgtChoose Monthltoptiongt         ltoption valuegtltoptiongt         ltoption value01gtJanuaryltoptiongt         ltoption value02gtFebruaryltoptiongt         ltoption value03gtMarchltoptiongt         ltoption value04gtAprilltoptiongt         ltoption value05gtMayltoptiongt         ltoption value06gtJuneltoptiongt         ltoption value07gtJulyltoptiongt     ltselectgt       ltselect namedrop3 iddrop3gt         ltoption value selectedselected disableddisabledgtChoose Dayltoptiongt         ltoption valuegtltoptiongt         ltoption value05112013gt05112013ltoptiongt         ltoption value05122013gt05122013ltoptiongt         ltoption value05132013gt05132013ltoptiongt     ltselectgt codepre  p this is my jQuery but it is not working...the .get needs to get the value from my Model, index just iframes a new iteration of my page.p  precode    document.readyfunction      wait1.hide     drop1.changefunction       wait1.show       result1.hide       .getindex,            func drop1,         dropvar drop1.val       , functionresponse         result1.fadeOut         setTimeoutfinishAjaxresult1, escaperesponse, 400                return false        function finishAjaxid, response    wait1.hide   id.htmlunescaperesponse   id.fadeIn  function finishAjaxtierthreeid, response    wait2.hide   id.htmlunescaperesponse   id.fadeIn  codepre  p heres my actual form excerpt from the view, index in cakephp 1.3p  precodeltdivgt     lt Begin Date Selection gt     ltform nameudate actionreportsdaily methodpostgt     ltphp     echo ltselect iddrop1 namedrop1 titleUse the drop listgt     echo ltoption value disableddisabled selectedselectedgt.Choose Year.ltoptiongt         foreach years as selectyear                   echo ltoption value, selectyear[0][Yeardated], gt, selectyear[0][Yeardated], ltoptiongt              echo ltselectgtgt      ltphp     echo ltselect namedrop2 iddrop2 titleUse the drop listgt     echo ltoption value disableddisabled selectedselectedgt.Choose Month.ltoptiongt         foreach months as selectmonth                   echo ltoption value, selectmonth[0][Monthdated], gt, selectmonth[0][Monthdated], ltoptiongt              echo ltselectgt     echo ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     wait2.hide         drop2.changefunction           wait2.show           result2.hide           .getindex,              func drop2,             dropvar drop2.val           , functionresponse             result2.fadeOut             setTimeoutfinishAjaxtierthreeresult2, escaperesponse, 400                        return false              ltscriptgtgt      ltphp     echo ltselect iddrop3 namedrop3 titleUse the drop listgt     echo ltoption value disableddisabled selectedselectedgt.Choose Day.ltoptiongt         foreach days as selectitem                   echo ltoption value, selectitem[0][Daysdated], gt, selectitem[0][Daysdated], ltoptiongt              echo ltselectgtgt   ltspan idwait1 styledisplay nonegt     ltimg altPlease Wait srchttpdev.asi.calpoly.eduimgajaxloader.gifgt ltspangt ltspan idresult1 styledisplay nonegtltspangt ltspan idwait2 styledisplay nonegt ltimg altPlease Wait srchttpdev.asi.calpoly.eduimgajaxloader.gifgt ltspangt ltspan idresult2 styledisplay nonegtltspangt              ltphp echo formgtsubmitSubmit gt         ltformgt     ltdivgtlt End Date Selection gt codepre
Negative 802 pIm hosting a website. When a user inputs their location as specific as citytown clicks a button on a website, server willp  pCheck if they have previously clicked by checking stored ips and corresponding locations.p  pIf this is their first click then stores their ip and location if location is consistent with a geoip check then return their location  along with other additional text. Then redirects to another page.p  pIf they have clicked before, then the location they entered must exactly correspond with their ip in the records and they will be redirected. Otherwise if input location doesnt match ip, return error text.p  pEssentially I am trying to prevent users from submitting applications with false locations assuming their first input is correct but a little more specific than thatp  pPlease tell me the easy way to do this are there wp plugins or cms available. Im a complete beginner at php.p  p100 dollar paypal reward for the first solutionp
Negative 802 pHere is what Im seeing in the docsp  precodeApps can send notifications to any existing user that has authorized the app. No special or extended permission is required. codepre  pOkay, sounds good. Im using the JS SDK and here is what Im trying to dop  precodeFB.apimenotificationsaccesstoken  window.accessToken  amphreftestamptemplatetest, functionresponse          console.logresponse  codepre  pThis is what Im gettingp  precode200 The managenotifications permission is required in order to query the users notifications. codepre  pI have tried replacing the href parameter with my apps real domain. Using my facebook ID instead of me makes no difference either. HELPp  pI HAVE tried adding the managenotifications permission and still doesnt work..., but my question is why does it say the opposite in the docsp  pstrongEDITstrong Went to PHPp  precodeltphp   includeoncesdkfacebook.php  user  POST[user] message  POST[message]  config  array config[appId]  609802022365238 config[secret]  71afdf0dcbb5f00739cfaf4aff4301e7  facebook  new Facebookconfig facebookgtsetAccessTokenconfig[appId]..config[secret]  href  href  params  array         href gt href,         template gt message,        facebookgtapi . user . notifications, POST, params  gt codepre  pstrongEDIT 2strong After a silly logic mistake it now works p
Negative 802 pIs possible to submit a from synchronous normal classic way, no AJAX with an additional POST varp  pUsing AJAX is easy p  precodecpa.submitfunctione      e.preventDefault     newvalues   name John, time 2pm       .posttheurl, newvalues  codepre  pBut i like to know if can SUBMIT so the page reloads or goes to theurl the form with additional data.p  pEDIT Since there is a confusion on the comments, ill like to share more codep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.net4zc4d relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.net4zc4dap  pEach time you click save the content of the alert is what i want to add to the form vars.p
Negative 802 pI always get this error below when running GWT devmode on Firefox version 21 with this a hrefhttpcode.google.compgooglewebtoolkitdownloadsdetailnamegwtdevplugin121rc.xpi relnofollowGWT Plugina.p  pstrongErrorstrongp  precode[INFO] WARN [EnvUtil] enable reachability analysis with Derrai.compile.perf.performreachabilityanalysistrue [INFO] INFO [IOCBootstrapGenerator] generated IOC bootstrapping class in 6499ms 5174 beans processed [INFO] INFO [IOCBootstrapGenerator] using IOC bootstrapping code at Dmagickapp.ui.erraiBootstrapperImpl.java [ERROR] java.lang.RuntimeException Deferred binding failed for org.jboss.errai.ioc.client.Bootstrapper did you forget to inherit a required module [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.GWTBridgeImpl.createGWTBridgeImpl.java53 [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.core.client.GWT.createGWT.java97 [ERROR]     at org.jboss.errai.ioc.client.Container.bootstrapContainerContainer.java55 [ERROR]     at org.jboss.errai.ioc.client.Container.onModuleLoadContainer.java34 [ERROR]     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method [ERROR]     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57 [ERROR]     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43 [ERROR]     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java601 [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.ModuleSpace.onLoadModuleSpace.java396 [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.OophmSessionHandler.loadModuleOophmSessionHandler.java200 [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.BrowserChannelServer.processConnectionBrowserChannelServer.java525 [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.BrowserChannelServer.runBrowserChannelServer.java363 [ERROR]     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722 [ERROR] Caused by com.google.gwt.core.ext.UnableToCompleteException see previous log entries [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.ModuleSpace.rebindAndCreateModuleSpace.java503 [ERROR]     at com.google.gwt.dev.shell.GWTBridgeImpl.createGWTBridgeImpl.java49 [ERROR]     ... 12 more codepre  pHowever, I dont get this error in the same GWT application when using Google Chrome.p  pWhat could be the problem What am I missing I am using GWT maven pluginp  precodeltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.mojoltgroupIdgt ltartifactIdgtgwtmavenpluginltartifactIdgt codepre
Negative 802 pIn many books and tutorials, I see people implementing the codeupdatecode method in users controller as either find the user data by params[id] or session[id]. However, I feel it possible to simply modify the session or the address bar to hack into someone elses account and modify hisher information. So how to I make sure the user can only update hisher own information instead of changing others. p
Negative 802 pI have started using ARC Automatic Referencing Count in my project. I am using couple of third party libraries which I have received from another team which are still on nonARC code. Is it safe to start using ARC even if external libraries do not conform to ARCp
Negative 802 pI am having a strange problem on my RCP. I dont use Linux to develop so my knowledge for common bugs is very less. I am using Ubuntu 11.10 to try out the RCP.p  pIn my RCP, I have an SWT Text that has two listeners attached to it  one for focus codeFocusAdaptercode and the other for codeSWT.DefaultSelectioncode. In the codeFocusAdaptercode, I implement the codefocusLostcode method.p  pThe behaviour is such, if and when the user edits the text and emhits the return keyem, then the codeSWT.DefaultSelectioncode listeners codehandleEventcode will be called and display a message to confirm the new text and update the codeTextcode field. If the user edits the text but does emNOT hit the return keyem and simply clicks outside the codeTextcode field, then the codefocusLostcode event is called which reverts the text back to the original text codetext.setTextoriginalTextcode.p  pThis seems to work fine when I launch it from Eclipse but when I export the product via MavenTycho, that behaviour seems to stop working. What happens is that when the user edits the text, it just reverts back to the original text irrespective of whether the user hits the return key or not, or simply clicks outside the codeTextcode field. No message dialog to confirm the edited text is displayed either.p  pFrom what I gather it seems to just use the focusLost event and the return key has no effect. I apologise if this is something obvious but I have not encountered this on a windows machine which is what I use for my primary development.p
Negative 802 pIm developing a windows store app, I want to test roaming settings, I developed my app using vs2012 on one of my machine, and installed the app using powershell on another machine, then changed the roaming settings, but nothing happend. What should I dop
Negative 802 pI created a simple project to learn mvc with knocout .  here is how my things look like p  pstrongViewstrongp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt  lthtml langengt ltheadgt     ltmeta charsetutf8 gt     lttitlegtHome Page  My ASP.NET MVC Applicationlttitlegt     ltlink hreffavicon.ico relshortcut icon typeimagexicon gt     ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth gt     ltlink hrefContentsite.css relstylesheetgt      ltscript srcScriptsmodernizr2.6.2.jsgtltscriptgt      ltscript srcScriptsjquery1.8.2.jsgtltscriptgt       ltscript srcScriptsknockout2.2.1.jsgtltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltheadergt         ltdiv classcontentwrappergt             ltdiv classfloatleftgt                 ltp classsitetitlegtlta hrefgtyour logo hereltagtltpgt             ltdivgt             ltdiv classfloatrightgt                 ltsection idlogingt                         ltulgt     ltligtlta hrefAccountRegister idregisterLinkgtRegisterltagtltligt         ltligtlta hrefAccountLogin idloginLinkgtLog inltagtltligt       ltulgt                  ltsectiongt                 ltnavgt                     ltul idmenugt                         ltligtlta hrefgtHomeltagtltligt                         ltligtlta hrefHomeAboutgtAboutltagtltligt                         ltligtlta hrefHomeContactgtContactltagtltligt                     ltulgt                 ltnavgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltheadergt     ltdiv idbodygt          ltsection classcontentwrapper maincontent clearfixgt     lttable idtimesheets classtable tablestriped tablehover tablecondensedgt    lttheadgt     lttrgt         ltthgtFirst Nameltthgt         ltthgtLast Nameltthgt         ltthgtMonthltthgt         ltthgtYearltthgt     lttrgt  lttheadgt  lttbody databindforeach viewModel.timesheetsgt  lttrgt     lttd databindtext firstnamegtlttdgt     lttd databindtext lastnamegtlttdgt     lttd databindtext monthgtlttdgt     lttd databindtext yeargtlttdgt  lttrgt lttbodygt lttablegt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt   function   ko.applyBindingsviewModel viewModel.loadTimesheets  function timesheettimesheet  this.id  ko.observabletimesheet.id this.firstname  ko.observabletimesheet.firstname this.lastname  ko.observabletimesheet.lastname this.month  ko.observabletimesheet.month this.year  ko.observabletimesheet.year  var viewModel   timesheets ko.observableArray[],  loadTimesheets function       var self  this     .getJSON         apitimesheet,     function timesheets          self.timesheets.removeAll         .eachtimesheets, function index, item              self.timesheets.pushnew timesheetitem                              ltscriptgt         ltsectiongt     ltdivgt     ltfootergt         ltdiv classcontentwrappergt             ltdiv classfloatleftgt                 ltpgtampcopy 2013  My ASP.NET MVC Applicationltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltfootergt   ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pstrongControllerstrongp  precode    public IEnumerableltTimeSheetgt GetTimeSheets              return db.TimeSheet.AsEnumerable      codepre  pWhen page load this method is called and it return data as i can see in firebug p  pthis is the result returned p  precode[Id1,FirstNameAhsan,LastNameAshfaq,Month8,Year2013,Id2,FirstNameAhsan,LastNameAshfaq,Month9,Year2013,Id3,FirstNameAhsan,LastNameAshfaq,Month10,Year2013] codepre  pstrongUpdatestrong a hrefhttpswww.filepicker.ioapifileHz8dyMYTXSEL0yxXra3M relnofollowImage of table View in console  a Thanks in advance p
Negative 802 pIm having problems with this simple function on a textbox.. I have a winforms application, with a textbox, set up to autocomplete like thisp  precodeif rbSerialNumSearch.Checked         txtSerialNum.Enabled  true        AutoCompleteStringCollection data  new AutoCompleteStringCollection         Test data        data.Add555777333        data.Add222333444        data.Add111222333         txtSerialNum.AutoCompleteCustomSource  data         txtSerialNum.AutoCompleteMode  AutoCompleteMode.Suggest         txtSerialNum.AutoCompleteSource  AutoCompleteSource.CustomSource  codepre  pBut it is not working. Nothing appears when i type in the textbox If i i specify strings directly to the textbox collection property in design mode, it works fine, but when i try to add strings programmatically, nothing happendsp  pThanks in advance..p  pENTIRE CODE FOR FORM HEREp  precodenamespace GUI      public partial class UpdateEquipmentForm  Form              EquipmentManager em         ProductManager pm         CategoryManager cm          public UpdateEquipmentForm                      InitializeComponent             em  new EquipmentManager             pm  new ProductManager             cm  new CategoryManager                   private void btnSearchClickobject sender, EventArgs e                      if rbCategorySearch.Checked                              ListltEquipmentgt equipments  em.GetAllEquipmentInStock.Whereeq gt eq.Product.CategoryId  intcbChooseCategory.SelectedValue.ToList                  var resultset  from eq in equipments                                  select new  eq.Product.ProductNameNum, eq.Id, eq.SerialNumber, eq.InvoiceNumber, eq.CreatedDate, eq.ExpiryDate, eq.FirstUseDate .ToList                  dgvResult.DataSource  resultset                          if rbProductsSearch.Checked                              ListltEquipmentgt equipments  em.GetAllEquipmentInStock.Whereeq gt eq.Product.Id  intcbChooseType.SelectedValue.ToList                  var resultset  from eq in equipments                                  select new  eq.Product.ProductNameNum, eq.Id, eq.SerialNumber, eq.InvoiceNumber, eq.CreatedDate, eq.ExpiryDate, eq.FirstUseDate .ToList                  dgvResult.DataSource  resultset                          if rbSerialNumSearch.Checked                              ListltEquipmentgt equipments  em.GetAllEquipmentInStock                  var resultset  from eq in equipments                                  where eq.SerialNumber.ContainstxtSearchEquipment.Text                                  select new  eq.Product.ProductNameNum, eq.Id, eq.SerialNumber, eq.InvoiceNumber, eq.CreatedDate, eq.ExpiryDate, eq.FirstUseDate .ToList                  dgvResult.DataSource  resultset                                private void rbCategorySearchCheckedChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      if rbCategorySearch.Checked                              cbChooseCategory.Enabled  true                 cbChooseCategory.DataSource  cm.GetAllActiveCategories                 cbChooseCategory.DisplayMember  Name                 cbChooseCategory.ValueMember  Id                          else                              cbChooseCategory.Enabled  false                                private void rbProductsSearchCheckedChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      if rbProductsSearch.Checked                              cbChooseType.Enabled  true                 cbChooseType.DataSource  pm.GetAllActiveProducts                 cbChooseType.DisplayMember  ProductNameNum                 cbChooseType.ValueMember  Id                          else                              cbChooseType.Enabled  false                                private void rbSerialNumSearchCheckedChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      if rbSerialNumSearch.Checked                              txtSerialNum.Enabled  true                 AutoCompleteStringCollection data  new AutoCompleteStringCollection                  data.Add555777333                 data.Add222333444                 data.Add111222333                  txtSerialNum.AutoCompleteCustomSource  data                  txtSerialNum.AutoCompleteMode  AutoCompleteMode.Suggest                  txtSerialNum.AutoCompleteSource  AutoCompleteSource.CustomSource                          else                              txtSerialNum.Enabled  false                             codepre
Negative 802 pstrongThe requirementstrong There are 100 objects that each have a gridview on a webpage.  Each object has one element that is an aggregate of another object i.e. Order has many Items i.e. Customer has many Orders.  The user needs to be able to click on the Items cell in the Order gridview and have a pop up of a gridview that lists all the Items.  p  pstrongThe Problemstrong This is easy to do statically for 1 gridview send the filter values needed to a prebuilt Items gridview on a prebuilt Items page and then populate.  This is what all the existing examples online show.  But how would you build this system for strong100strong gridviews using strong1strong page  p  pstrongThe purposed solutionstrongp  pEach objects gridview has a column that is a hyperlinkfield which belongs to the aggregate object i.e. Orders gridview has a hyperlinkfield called Items.  On the DataNavigateUrlFormatString value of this hyperlinkfield there is the URL address to a single generic page that houses a generic gridview.  The DataNavigateUrlFormatString value also contains a list of query string parameters.  These parameters use a standard naming convention that the receiving generic page can parse.  These parameters contain the objects name, along with a list of those object element names and paired values which are required for the query.  p  pFor instance if the user was looking at Orders and clicked the Items gridview cell, the hyperlink would then open a pop up with this URLp  precodeGenericPage.aspxObjectNameItemsampparamName1OrderIDampparamName2IsActiveampparamValue1135ampparamValue2true codepre  pThis would then get parsed in the GenericPage.aspx PageLoad event by looking for the objectName, and the existance of any number of any paramName and paramValue parameters.  The page would then use these values to construct a query against the BLL for all Items that have an OrderID of 135 and IsActive value equal to true.  The results would then get bound to the gridview.p  pstrongThe Better Designstrongp
Negative 802 pI have a pandas data frame and I want to sort columnBytes in Descending order and print highest 10 values and its related Client IP column value. Suppose following is a part of my dataframe. I have many different methods and failed p  precode0       Bytes    Client Ip                 0       1000      192.168.10.2     1       2000      192.168.10.12     2       500       192.168.10.4      3       159       192.168.10.56  codepre  pFollowing prints only the raw which has the highest value. p  precodeprint df[Bytes].argmax codepre
Negative 802 pI just had to upgrade my IBM JDK version from the one that came with the WebSphere 7 to fix an issue with Groovy.  Now however when my app starts up I get the following stack trace and the error kills my apps initialization good and proper.p  p20130608 175906,574WebContainer  10ERRORcom.myapp.application.webui.spring.XmlWebApplicationContextFailed to load context org.springframework.beans.FatalBeanException Failed to load context nested exception is org.springframework.transaction.TransactionSystemException Could not commit JDBC transaction nested exception is com.ibm.ejs.cm.exception.TransactionAbortedException JTSJTA transaction has been aborted         at com.myapp.application.webui.spring.XmlWebApplicationContext.refreshXmlWebApplicationContext.java162         at org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoader.configureAndRefreshWebApplicationContextContextLoader.java389         at org.springframework.web.context.ContextLoader.initWebApplicationContextContextLoader.java294         at com.myapp.application.webui.spring.ContextLoaderListener.contextInitializedContextLoaderListener.java24         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.webapp.WebApp.notifyServletContextCreatedWebApp.java1718         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.webapp.WebApp.commonInitializationFinishWebApp.java385         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.webapp.WebAppImpl.initializeWebAppImpl.java299         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.webapp.WebGroupImpl.addWebApplicationWebGroupImpl.java100         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.VirtualHostImpl.addWebApplicationVirtualHostImpl.java166         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.WSWebContainer.addWebAppWSWebContainer.java732         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.WSWebContainer.addWebApplicationWSWebContainer.java617         at com.ibm.ws.webcontainer.component.WebContainerImpl.installWebContainerImpl.java376p  pIf I switch back to old JDK I dont get this but Im stuck with a known issue with Groovy.  Also there are currently a number of other websphere environments running the same war file without issue.p  pThe version I upgraded to is 6.0.13.2 of the IBM JDK.  Running on Centos 6.4.  I also tried 6.0.10. p  pGoogling the issue just shows other people with similar problems.p
Negative 802 pTo enable InApp Purchase in my application I did a a hrefhttpwww.raywenderlich.com23266inapppurchasesinios6tutorialconsumablesandreceiptvalidation relnofollowtutoriala which referenced a not up to date VerificationController for the receipt validation.p  pAs a result my app got rejected because of using an unique identifier for iOS5. As I basically like the idea to support iOS5 as well as iOS6 I figured that there might be a solution to get the Pre iOS 6 code underneath running but I only found a hrefhttpdeveloper.apple.comlibraryiosreleasenotesStoreKitIAPReceiptValidation relnofollowthisa solution, which suggest in the companion file just to delete all the Pre iOS 6 code.p  precode BOOLdoesTransactionInfoMatchReceiptNSString receiptString       some code above      if [[UIDevice currentDevice] respondsToSelectorNSSelectorFromStringidentifierForVendor]  iOS 6      if ISIOS6AWARE          iOS 6 or later         NSString localIdentifier                    [[[UIDevice currentDevice] identifierForVendor] UUIDString]         NSString purchaseInfoUniqueVendorId         [purchaseInfoFromTransaction objectForKeyuniquevendoridentifier]         NSString verifiedReceiptVendorIdentifier    [verifiedReceiptReceiptDictionary objectForKeyuniquevendoridentifier]           ifverifiedReceiptVendorIdentifier                      if [purchaseInfoUniqueVendorId isEqualToStringverifiedReceiptVendorIdentifier]                  [purchaseInfoUniqueVendorId isEqualToStringlocalIdentifier]                               Comment this line out to test in the Simulator.                 failCount                       endif      else           Pre iOS 6  this part is missing now         NSString localIdentifier            [UIDevice currentDevice].uniqueIdentifier         NSString purchaseInfoUniqueId       [purchaseInfoFromTransaction objectForKeyuniqueidentifier]           if [purchaseInfoUniqueId isEqualToStringverifiedReceiptUniqueIdentifier]              [purchaseInfoUniqueId isEqualToStringlocalIdentifier]                       Comment this line out to test in the Simulator.             failCount                         more code  codepre  pMy question would be how do you match transaction info and receipt for iOS5  Why isnt it in the VerificationController anymore, isnt it importantp  pAny ideas appreciated, Chrisp
Negative 802 pSo I was developing something with PHP and MongoDB on windows with xampp, and I moved my php files to linux mint, it runs apache2 with php cgi 5.4.p  pAfter I moved my files without changing to linux, the php started returning these weird characters after every response.p  precodeecho success codepre  presponse comes like thisp  precodesucess codepre  pwhen converted it looks like thisp  precodesucess codepre  pIt seems like they are appended to the end of everything, here is a screenshot of responses with firebug only left side of the picp  pa hrefhttpi.imgur.com8UehMt8.png relnofollowLink to the Imageap  pAlso mongod started echoing some errors that never existed on windows right side of the picture for reference. p  pI do not use any special characters, languages, encodings, nothing of that sort. p  pDid anyone experience anything like this p
Negative 802 pIm using jdbc to fetch data from database and then using iText I create a PDF file which can be downloaded on client machine. The application is coded in htmljsp and runs on Apache Tomcat.p  pI use the coderesponse.getOutputStreamcode to create an output PDF file immediately.p  pThe problem is that now, I cannot insert an image in this document as it gives me and error that  p  blockquote   pgetOutputStream has already been called for this responsep blockquote  pI understand that Im calling codeOutputstreamcode again while inserting the image and therefore the errorp  pHow can I insert an image in the document and still generate a dynamic PDF file which can be downloaded by client machinep  pThe relevant codep  precoderesponse.setContentTypeapplicationpdf response.setHeaderContentDisposition,attachment filenameLicenseInfo.pdf  Code 1 Document document  new Document  PdfWriter.getInstancedocument, response.getOutputStream  Code 2  Image image  Image.getInstancelogo.jpg  document.open  document.addimage codepre
Negative 802 pIm developing a mobile app using Apache Cordovas API and would like to know if theres a way I could get the camera to work embedded on my application.p  pI know Apache Cordova has a camera function but it just goes to the native camera app. I wanted it to show the camera feed on the html.p
Negative 802 pdown below there is a mapreduce program counting words of several text files. My aim is to have the result in a descending order regarding the amount of appearences.p  pUnfortunately the program sorts the output lexicographically by the key. I want a natural order of the integer value.p  pSo I added a custom comparator with codejob.setSortComparatorClassIntComparator.classcode. But this doesnt work as expected. Im getting the following exceptionp  precodejava.lang.Exception java.nio.BufferUnderflowException     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.LocalJobRunnerJob.runLocalJobRunner.java404 Caused by java.nio.BufferUnderflowException     at java.nio.Buffer.nextGetIndexBuffer.java498     at java.nio.HeapByteBuffer.getIntHeapByteBuffer.java355     at WordCountIntComparator.compareWordCount.java128     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.MapTaskMapOutputBuffer.compareMapTask.java987     at org.apache.hadoop.util.QuickSort.sortInternalQuickSort.java100     at org.apache.hadoop.util.QuickSort.sortQuickSort.java64     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.MapTaskMapOutputBuffer.sortAndSpillMapTask.java1277     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.MapTaskMapOutputBuffer.flushMapTask.java1174     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.MapTaskNewOutputCollector.closeMapTask.java609     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.MapTask.runNewMapperMapTask.java675     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.MapTask.runMapTask.java330     at org.apache.hadoop.mapred.LocalJobRunnerJobMapTaskRunnable.runLocalJobRunner.java266     at java.util.concurrent.ExecutorsRunnableAdapter.callExecutors.java471     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTaskSync.innerRunFutureTask.java334     at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.runFutureTask.java166     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722 codepre  pAny help would be appreciated p  pIve listed the whole program below as there may be a reason for the exception which I obviously dont know. As you can see I am using the new mapreduce api codeorg.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.code.p  precodeimport java.io.IOException import java.nio.ByteBuffer import java.util.StringTokenizer  import org.apache.hadoop.conf.Configuration import org.apache.hadoop.fs.FileSystem import org.apache.hadoop.fs.Path import org.apache.hadoop.io.IntWritable import org.apache.hadoop.io.LongWritable import org.apache.hadoop.io.Text import org.apache.hadoop.io.WritableComparator import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.Job import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.Mapper import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.Reducer import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.FileInputFormat import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.input.TextInputFormat import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.FileOutputFormat import org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce.lib.output.TextOutputFormat     Counts the words in several text files.   public class WordCount         Maps lines of text to word, amount pairs.       public static class Map extends MapperltLongWritable, Text, Text, IntWritablegt       private Text word  new Text     private IntWritable amount  new IntWritable1      Override     protected void mapLongWritable key, Text value, Context context         throws IOException, InterruptedException        String textLine  value.toString        StringTokenizer tokenizer  new StringTokenizertextLine       while tokenizer.hasMoreElements          word.setString tokenizer.nextElement          context.writeword, amount                         Reduces word, amount pairs to amount, word list.       public static class Reduce extends       ReducerltText, IntWritable, IntWritable, Textgt       private IntWritable amount  new IntWritable     private int sum      Override     protected void reduceText key, IterableltIntWritablegt valueList,         Context context throws IOException, InterruptedException        sum  0        for IntWritable value  valueList          sum  value.get               amount.setsum       context.writeamount, key            public static class IntComparator extends WritableComparator      public IntComparator        superIntWritable.class           private Integer int1     private Integer int2      Override     public int comparebyte[] raw1, int offset1, int length1, byte[] raw2,         int offset2, int length2        int1  ByteBuffer.wrapraw1, offset1, length1.getInt       int2  ByteBuffer.wrapraw2, offset2, length2.getInt        return int2.compareToint1                  Job configuration.          param args     throws IOException     throws ClassNotFoundException     throws InterruptedException       public static void mainString[] args throws IOException,       ClassNotFoundException, InterruptedException      Path inputPath  new Pathargs[0]     Path outputPath  new Pathargs[1]      Configuration configuration  new Configuration     configuration.addResourcenew Pathetchadoopconfcoresite.xml     Job job  new Jobconfiguration     job.setJobNameWordCount     job.setJarByClassWordCount.class      job.setMapOutputKeyClassText.class     job.setMapOutputValueClassIntWritable.class      job.setOutputKeyClassIntWritable.class     job.setOutputValueClassText.class      job.setMapperClassMap.class     job.setReducerClassReduce.class      job.setInputFormatClassTextInputFormat.class     job.setOutputFormatClassTextOutputFormat.class      job.setSortComparatorClassIntComparator.class      FileInputFormat.setInputPathsjob, inputPath      FileSystem.getconfiguration.deleteoutputPath, true     FileOutputFormat.setOutputPathjob, outputPath      job.waitForCompletiontrue     codepre
Negative 802 pLets say that I have a recursive meaning it has field parentid, lft and rght model called in a cakephp application. I want to display this recursive data on a page. I get my data with a find like thisp  precoderecursivedataresults  thisgtModelgtfindthreaded codepre  pThis find will give me my data with all the children of each node. Is it possible to display this data on a page without having to loop through every single node and their children node and so on... I dont want to loop through each node because lets say I have like 15 of them or something, I dont wanna do 15 foreach loops.p
Negative 802 precodemysqlServer   mysqlDb   mysqlUser   mysqlPass    conn  mysqliconnectmysqlServer, mysqlUser, mysqlPass or diefailed to connect to db mysqliselectdbconn, mysqlDb or diefailed to connect select db codepre  pi have this code, and its working without any problem. But if i try to input a wrong sql server or test it to perform an error. This will displayp  precodeWarning mysqliconnect HY0002002 A connection attempt failed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of time, or established connection failed because connected host has failed to respond. failed to connect select db codepre  pi dont want the warning to display if ever theres a problem in connecting the sql server. i just want my own error to display.p
Negative 802 pIs it possible to have a service which only acquires a wake lock at set intervals to send informationp  pI would like to create a service that sends a location to a database every hour or whatever the user specifies.p
Negative 802 pIn short Ive got a codeStylecode. It uses codeTemplateBindingcode a fair bit to make it parametrized instead of repeating myself over and over again. However, when a trigger for that style gets used and a resource gets used in a setter in that trigger, it just doesnt show up Not even the default value gets shown. Heres a small program that replicates this issuep  pstrongTestDictionary.xamlstrongp    precodeltResourceDictionary xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation                     xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml                     xmlnslclclrnamespaceMyNamespacegt     ltStyle TargetTypeButton xKeyBtnTestgt         ltStyle.Resourcesgt             ltLabel ContentTemplateBinding lclTestClass.String xKeyinnerLabelgt         ltStyle.Resourcesgt         ltStyle.Triggersgt             ltTrigger PropertyIsEnabled ValueTruegt                 ltSetter PropertyContent ValueDynamicResource innerLabelgt             ltTriggergt         ltStyle.Triggersgt     ltStylegt ltResourceDictionarygt codepre  pstrongMainWindow.xamlstrongp    precodeltWindow xClassMyNamespace.MainWindow         xmlnshttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xamlpresentation         xmlnsxhttpschemas.microsoft.comwinfx2006xaml         xmlnslclclrnamespaceMyNamespace         TitleTest Width500 Height350gt     ltWindow.Resourcesgt         ltResourceDictionary SourceTestDictionary.xamlgt     ltWindow.Resourcesgt     ltGridgt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt             ltColumnDefinitiongt             ltColumnDefinitiongt         ltGrid.ColumnDefinitionsgt         ltButton ContentEnableDisable ClickClickgt         ltButton Grid.Column1 xNamebtn StyleDynamicResource BtnTest lclTestClass.StringTESTINGgt     ltGridgt ltWindowgt codepre  pstrongMainWindow.xaml.csstrongp  precodeusing System.Windows  namespace MyNamespace      public partial class MainWindow  Window              public MainWindow                      InitializeComponent                  private void Clickobject sender, RoutedEventArgs e                      btn.IsEnabled  btn.IsEnabled                   public class TestClass              public static string GetStringDependencyObject obj                      return stringobj.GetValueStringProperty                   public static void SetStringDependencyObject obj, string value                      obj.SetValueStringProperty, value                  public static readonly DependencyProperty StringProperty              DependencyProperty.RegisterAttachedString, typeofstring, typeofTestClass, new PropertyMetadataDefault       codepre  pInstead of using a codeTemplateBindingcode, I also tried thisp    precodeBinding PathlclTestClass.String, RelativeSourceRelativeSource AncestorTypexType Button codepre  pIt still didnt work. I know Im probably doing something wrong, but the question is what is itp
Negative 802 pI am rather new to backbone and wanted to test a simple script that handles a to do list. Here is the code i used so farp  precodefunction       window.App           Models ,         Collections ,         Views            window.template  functionid          return .template  id.html           App.Models.Task  Backbone.Model.extend         validate functionattributes              if  .trimattributes.title                   return Invalid title                                App.Collections.Tasks  Backbone.Collection.extend         model App.Models.Task          App.Views.Task  Backbone.View.extend         tagName li,         template templatetaskTemplate,         initialize function               this.model.onchange, this.render, this             this.model.ondestroy, this.remove, this         ,         events              click .edit editTask,             click .delete destroy         ,         destroy function              if confirmAre you sure                  this.model.destroy                      ,         remove function              this.el.remove         ,         editTask function              var newTaskTitle  promptNew title, this.model.gettitle             this.model.settitle, newTaskTitle, validate true         ,         render function              this.el.htmlthis.templatethis.model.toJSON             return this                   App.Views.AddTask  Backbone.View.extend         el formaddTask,         initialize function           ,         events              submit submit         ,         submit functionevent              event.preventDefault             var newTaskTitle  event.currentTarget.findinput[typetext].val             var task  new App.Models.Task title newTaskTitle              this.collection.addtask, add true, merge false, remove false                   App.Views.Tasks  Backbone.View.extend         tagName ul,         initialize function              this.collection.onadd, this.addOne, this         ,         render function              this.collection.eachthis.addOne, this             return this         ,         addOne functiontask              var taskView  new App.Views.Task model task              this.el.appendtaskView.render.el                    var tasks  new App.Collections.Tasks[                      title Go to store,             priority 4         ,                      title Go to mall,             priority 3         ,                      title Get to work,             priority 5              ]     var addTaskView  new App.Views.AddTask collection tasks      var tasksView  new App.Views.Tasks collection tasks      div.tasks.appendtasksView.render.el  codepre  pSo the model validation works fine ... the only pb is that collection.add does not validate the newly added model .... is the a way to force the validationp  pThanks, Raresp
Negative 802 pI am having an issue inserting data into my database using PDO as the wrong results are being input.p  pthe class works as followsp  precodeclass PDOMySql public function connect             try                 dbh  new PDOmysqlhost.thisgtserver.dbname.thisgtdatabase,thisgtusername,thisgtpassword                 dbhgtsetAttributePDOATTRERRMODE, PDOERRMODEWARNING                 ifdbh                     throw new ExceptionError Connecting to Server                                  return dbh                 catchException e                     ifMAILING  ON                         thisgtreportgtmailinge                                          else                         throw e                                             public function insertquery,values,dbh         try             ifisarrayvalues                 throw new ExceptionValues must be in array format e.g arraya,b,c                          a  substrcountquery,             b  countvalues             ifa  b                 throw new ExceptionNumber of values must match the number of placements                          prepare  dbhgtpreparequery             i  1             foreachvalues as item                 type  strtolowergettypeitem                 iftype  null                     param  PDOPARAMNULL                                  elseiftype  string                     param  PDOPARAMSTR                                  elseiftype  integer                     param  PDOPARAMINT                                  else                     throw new ExceptionType PDOPARAM.type.  Not currently supported                                      preparegtbindParami, item, param                 i                           preparegtexecute             lastId  dbhgtlastInsertId                          return lastId             catchException e             throw e                  codepre  pWhen the class is called like thisp  precodedb  new MySql con  dbgtconnect sql  INSERT INTO users a,b,c,d VALUES ,,, values  array1st column, 2nd column,null,asdfasd a  dbgtinsertsql,values,con codepre  pthe values inserted are as follows a  1st Column.  b  2nd Column.  c  2nd Column.  d  asdfasd. p  pas you can see instead of inputting null the second value is put into the c column.p  pIs there an easier way to insert dynamically created values as some maybe null and using this method above it seems to ignore null and use the last value. Does anyone know why this is happening or if there is an easier method to do sop
Negative 802 pI have a certain problem in MVC membership that is killing me. I am using OAuth with Facebook for my website and it is workin fine unless if the username in this situation Name and Surname contains i, i am getting that error at the page mysiteAccountExternalLoginConfirmation p  precodeServer Error in  Application.  The username supplied is invalid.  Description An unhandled exception occurred during the execution of the current web request. Please review the stack trace for more information about the error and where it originated in the code.   Exception Details System.Web.Security.MembershipCreateUserException The username supplied is invalid.  Source Error   An unhandled exception was generated during the execution of the current web request. Information regarding the origin and location of the exception can be identified using the exception stack trace below. codepre  pJust to be more clear if username is Meta Brown it is perfectly fine bu if the user name is Hail Brown or semething i am getting the error above.p  pAnd at the  mysiteAccountRegister page if i choose username like hail, i am getting this exclamtaionp  precodeThe authentication provider returned an error. Please verify your entry and try again. If the problem persists, please contact your system administrator. codepre  pBottom line when i am registering via Facebook if username contains character i my table of webpagesOAuthMembership keeping empty and when i am registering via MVC membership system my table of webpagesMembership keeping empty.p  pIve also added a control for nonLatin charactersp  precode        [Required]         [RegularExpression[azAZ09], ErrorMessage  Please use Latin characters only.]         [DisplayName  User name]         public string UserName  get set  codepre
Negative 802 pI am having an issue with loading a .properties file. p  pThe file is called businessmessagesenUS.properties and it is stored in srcmainresourcesconfigi18n. I have added srcmainresources to the build path and in my spring xml I have created a bean p  precodeltbean namemessageResource idmessageResource     class[package].CustomResourceBundleMessageSourceImplgt     ltproperty namebasenamegt         ltvaluegtclasspathconfigi18n.propertiesltvaluegt     ltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre  pstrongNote that the basename property must be a string according to the classstrongp  pYet every time I run my program, the logger shoots a message p  precode01 Jul 2013 091234,267 WARN [package].CustomResourceBundleMessageSourceImpl  ResourceBundle [classpathconfigi18n.properties] not found for MessageSource Cant find bundle for base name classpathconfigi18n.properties, locale enUS  codepre  pI need the program to read this file so that the logger can have the correct values. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank youp
Negative 802 pI have a form with the problemp  pI cut down the codes to make it simplep  precodeltform actionFOO.PHP methodPOSTgt     ltlabel fornumberofstepsgtNumber of stepsltlabelgt     ltinput typenumber namenumberofsteps gt     ltinput typebutton nameaddsteps valueAdd Stepsgt     ltdiv idprependareagt     ltdivgt     ltinput typesubmit valuesubmit gt ltformgt codepre  pThis is the jquery partp  precodeinput[nameaddsteps].onclick,function    var numberofstepsinput[namenumberofsteps].val example 5    whilenumberofstepsgt0           prependarea.prependltdivgtsomethinghereltform actionFOO.php methodPOSTgtsomethinghereltformgtltdivgt       numberofsteps       codepre  pIt prepends the div and the form but when I submit the whole form, It doesnt POST the prepended form values.p  pTheir action and method were the same.p  pIt ignores the form inside the prepended div.p  pAny work aroundsp
Negative 802 pI have four jsp pages. main.jsp, header.jsp, sidebar.jsp and footer.jsp. all three header,sidebar and footer jsps are included in main.jsp using .I have a link in sidebar that reloads main.jsp, as a result of which my other three pages are also reloading. I want my sidebar not to be reloaded.  How can I do it  p
Negative 802 pI have an application to send TAN to users via SMS. We have already API to send SMS to a mobile phone number. Therefore, I have to make sure its correct mobile phone number. Below is my regexp  precodefunction validateMobilestr           var filter  d[d. ][d. ][d. ]d          if filter.teststr              alertPlease provide a valid mobile phone number             return false                  return true      codepre  pIt doesnt accept characters, only number and  allowed. Users can enter, for example 49176xxxxxxxx or 0176xxxxxxxx no particular country codep  pBut this regex is seriously flawed. Users can enter whatever numbers, e.g. 1324567982548, this regex also returns true. I thought about to check the length of the textbox, itd work, for the time being, but still its not a proper solution. p  pIs there any other better regex or way to check more concrete a mobilbe phone numberp  pThanks in advance.p  pstrongSOLVEDstrong p  pI solved this with a new regexp  precodevar filter  49d8,180d9,18,49d8,18,0d9,18 codepre  por as mzmm56 suggested belowp  precodevar filter  004901d2,3d8 codepre  pBoth are equally fine.p
Negative 802 pI have written a web application which uses requirejs for AMDp  precoderequiredependencies, functiondependencies       function          .fn.plugin  functionoptions  return this      window.jQuery  codepre  pI then used almond and r.js to compile it into a single javascript file, using the build configp  precode     baseUrl .,     paths          jquery  vendorjquery1.9.1.min         almond  ..nodemodulesalmondalmond     ,     name  almond,     include  main,     out  plugin.js,     wrap  true  codepre  pNext, I want to use this plugin in another app, also based on requirejs. Here I havep  precoderequire.config paths  jquery vendorjquery1.9.1.min   require[jquery,plugin], function       plugin.pluginoptions  codepre  pHowever, the code loads out of orderp  ol liLoad jquery and plugin js files.li liExecute plugin.pluginoptions.li liRun function  .fn.plugin  functionoptions  return this  window.jQueryli ol  pObviously, 2 is an error since 3 needs to be run first. The question is, whyp  h2UPDATE 1h2  pOne proposed solution is to change the first block of code top  precodedefinedependencies, functiondependencies       function          .fn.plugin  functionoptions  return this      window.jQuery  codepre  pOnce compiled, this becomesp  precodedefinemain, dependencies, functiondependencies       function          .fn.plugin  functionoptions  return this      window.jQuery  codepre  pUnfortunately, now the code inside this block is NEVER executed.p
Negative 802 pIm developing my own website, and one of the features it has is that when I go with my mouse over the header, it slides down a hrefhttpnyck.zxq.nettest.php relnofollowhttpnyck.zxq.nettest.phpap  pThis works well and good on all major browsers. However, with IE 10, it doesnt. Heres the page sourcep  precodeltphp     echo lthtmlgt     ltheadgt         lttitlegtmemodesignslttitlegt         ltlink relstylesheet hrefstylestylesheet.cssgt     ltheadgt      ltbodygt                 includeoncemodulesheader.php             echo      ltbodygt      lthtmlgt gt codepre  pThis is the header file which is includedp  precodeltphp      echo ltdiv id  menucontainergt             ltdiv id  menugt                 ltpgt                     ltulgt                         ltligtlta class  menu href  gtHOMEltagtltligt                         ltligtlta class  menu href  about.phpgtABOUTltagtltligt                         ltligtlta class  menu href  portfolio.phpgtPORTFOLIOltagtltligt                         ltligtlta class  menu href  rates.phpgtRATESltagtltligt                         ltligtlta class  menu href  contact.phpgtCONTACTltagtltligt                     ltulgt                 ltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt  gt codepre  pAnd the CSS styles being used herep  precodea.menu     paddingleft 20px     paddingright 20px   menucontainer menucontainer     position absolute     margintop 8px     top 0px     width 100     textalign center     webkittransition margintop 0.5s     moztransition margintop 0.5s     otransition margintop 0.5s     transition margintop 0.5s   menucontainer menucontainerhover     margintop 0px   menu menu     paddingtop 5px     marginleft auto     marginright auto     borderbottomleftradius 12px     borderbottomrightradius 12px     mozborderradiusbottomleft 12px     mozborderradiusbottomright 12px     maxwidth 75     height 25px     backgroundcolor 202020     fontfamily Roboto     color f3f4f4     fontsize 16px  codepre  pWould appreciate any help as to why transitions are not working in IE, but working on other major browsers.p
Negative 802 pI need to get video frames from ip camera using RTSP. To get rtsp stream I use live555. The problem is that I cant find a way to decode incoming video frames with AVFoundation. I cant use ffmpeg. Is there a way to use AVFoundation for video decoding. If yes then how to do itp
Negative 802 pIm trying to get  a simple program running on Ubuntu 12.04 x64 compiled with clang 3.3 libc libcabi .p  pProgramp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt int mainint argc, char argv    try      stdcerr ltlt Test cerr n    catch ...      stdcout ltlt catch exception      return 0  codepre  pWriting to stdcerr prints the message, but results in SIGABRT.p  pHowever, writing to stdcout works fine.p  pHere the ldd output of the executablep  precodeldd cerrtest linuxvdso.so.1 gt  0x00007fffce5ff000 libcabi.so.1 gt usrlocalliblibcabi.so.1 0x00007fa4079fd000 libc.so.1 gt usrlocalliblibc.so.1 0x00007fa407759000 libm.so.6 gt libx8664linuxgnulibm.so.6 0x00007fa40745c000 libgccs.so.1 gt libx8664linuxgnulibgccs.so.1 0x00007fa407246000 libc.so.6 gt libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 0x00007fa406e87000 libpthread.so.0 gt libx8664linuxgnulibpthread.so.0 0x00007fa406c69000 librt.so.1 gt libx8664linuxgnulibrt.so.1 0x00007fa406a61000 lib64ldlinuxx8664.so.2 0x00007fa407c55000 codepre  pCan anyone give me a hint how to fix thisp  pHere is the backtracep  precode[Thread debugging using libthreaddb enabled] Using host libthreaddb library libx8664linuxgnulibthreaddb.so.1. Test cerr  Program received signal SIGABRT, Aborted. 0x00007ffff704e425 in raise  from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 gdb backtrace 0  0x00007ffff704e425 in raise  from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 1  0x00007ffff7051b8b in abort  from libx8664linuxgnulibc.so.6 2  0x00007ffff792a437 in stduncaughtexception  from usrlocalliblibc.so.1 3  0x00007ffff79324e2 in std1basicostreamltchar, std1chartraitsltchargt gtsentrysentry     from usrlocalliblibc.so.1 4  0x000000000040118e in std1operatorltlt ltstd1chartraitsltchargt gt os..., str0x401784 Test cerr n     at usrlocalincludecv1ostream990 5  0x0000000000400d41 in main argc1, argv0x7fffffffe728 at cerrtest.cpp5 gdb codepre
Negative 802 pI have few questions related to codeiis logscodep  p1I have noticed many codeiis logscode contain the same information but row are duplicated, why is it sop  p2For the same cookie in some rows codeAsp.net sessionIDcode remain missing. For example if there are 5 rows for the same cookie then in the first 2 rows there is no codeAsp.net sessionidcode and for rest 3 everything is fine, why p  p3Is there any way through which i can find out the time spent by user in the last visited page. Reason being, we dont have any DateTime information after last visited pagep
Negative 802 pI am trying to get response from soap webservice, but always i am getting error, please check whether i am calling web service properly or not. following is my wsdl of webservicep  precodeltwsdldefinitions nameMobileeServiceWsd targetNamespaceurnMobileeServiceWsdgtltwsdlimport locationhttpvddp.dewa.gov.ae50700MobileeServiceConfig2bindingswsdlampstyledocument namespaceurnMobileeServiceWsdConfig2documentgtltwsdlservice nameMobileeServicegtltwsdlport nameConfig2PortDocument bindingbns0Config2Bindinggtltsoapaddress locationhttpvddp.dewa.gov.ae50700MobileeServiceConfig2styledocumentgtltwsdlportgtltwsdlservicegtltwsdldefinitionsgt codepre  pand following is my code.p  precode private static final String METHODNAME  getOutstandingBalance     private static final String SOAPACTION  MobileeService     private static final String NAMESPACE  MobileeServiceWsdConfig2document     private static final String URL  httpvddp.dewa.gov.ae50700MobileeServiceConfig2bindingswsdlampstyledocument       public SoapObject testMethodString METHODNAME, String SOAPACTION, String NAMESPACE,   String URL throws IOException, XmlPullParserException              ListltHeaderPropertygt headers  new ArrayListltHeaderPropertygt          SoapObject request  new SoapObjectNAMESPACE, METHODNAME          SoapSerializationEnvelope envelope  new SoapSerializationEnvelopeSoapEnvelope.VER11         envelope.dotNet  true for .net services         envelope.bodyOut  ltsoapenvEnvelope xmlnssoapenvhttpschemas.xmlsoap.orgsoapenvelope xmlnsurnurnMobileeServiceVigt                    ltsoapenvHeadergt                    ltsoapenvBodygt                       lturngetOutstandingBalancegt                          lturncontractaccountgt000001000104lturncontractaccountgt                          lturnmobileosvergtios 4.3lturnmobileosvergt                      lturnappvergt3.3lturnappvergt                          lturnappidentifiergt343534lturnappidentifiergt                       lturngetOutstandingBalancegt                    ltsoapenvBodygt                 ltsoapenvEnvelopegt         envelope.setOutputSoapObjectrequest          HttpTransportSE httpTransport  new HttpTransportSEURL          httpTransport.callSOAPACTION, envelope, headers         httpTransport.callSOAPACTION, envelope          return SoapObject envelope.getResponse      codepre
Negative 802 pSo lets say I had a db table, codeErrorscode p  precode [ID]    [ErrorDescription]    1     SELECT Name LIKE A Returned 0 Results    2     SELECT Returned Multiple Results codepre  pAnd I wanted to run a query like p  precodeSELECT ID  FROM Errors  WHERE ErrorDescription  SELECT Name LIKE A Returned 0 Results codepre  pIs there a way to make this work Currently Im getting an p  blockquote   pOLEDB Exception Syntax Error missing operator in query expression p blockquote  pwhen Im trying to use an codeOleDbDataAdaptercode to run the query on an MS Access file. I looked around and couldnt find anything related to this, lots on using square brackets for keyword column names but not my particular issue.  p
Negative 802 pIm currently building a theme  style for a piece of software.p  pCurrently, the code looks like suchp  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netafseW1 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netafseW1ap  pThe relevant code isp  precodebody div[typeprivmsg] .sender      fontweight 700     width134px     textshadow fff 0px 1px      backgroundcolor eee     minheight22px     borderright 1px solid dcdcdc     paddingright5px     textalignright     displayinlineblock     overflow auto  codepre  pNote that in fiddle, for some reason, the text is collapsing onto the second line, whereas in the client, the image looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqhb1c.png altWhat the client currently showsp  pGranted, a span is not meant to be a block, hence Ive given it the property of codedisplay inlineblockcodep  pBut how do I get the height to inherit the parent p blockp
Negative 802 pI am trying to code a Long Polling Server script. I am in problems now. For some reason, the php file where the poll is exceuted never stop. Never.p  precodetimeout  9000000 9 sec wait  3000000 3 sec now  time lastAccess  dbgtgetLastAccess  while lastAccess lt now ampamp 0 lt timeout       usleepwait wait 3 secs      decrease limit     timeout  timeout  wait      writeLognn Checking last access...nn     lastAccess  dbgtgetLastAccess       if 0 gt timeout         writeLognn timeout on server...nn    return whatever codepre  pI tried to use codetimeoutcode and codewaitcode vars to eventually force to break the while loop. However, if I do codetail f error.logcode where the logs messages are been written looks like this php file is always in execution I would like to know how I could stop the php file execution after certaint among of time.p  pEdit if a new event arrives, it stop successfully.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to output the value of a method on my Item model currentuser is defined in applicationcontroller. I currently have as my rabl templatep  precodeobject item attributes id, name  code isliked do thisitem   if currentuser     thisitem.isliked currentuser   else     false   end end codepre  pand in my modelp  precodeclass Item lt ActiveRecordBase   ...   def isliked user     if user       if user.likeditemids.includeself.id         return true       else         return false       end     end   end   .... end codepre  pbut it isnt working. Im not sure what a proper way of outputting this would be. Any idea how to get this to work correctlyp  pstrongedit 1strongp  pHeres the error that Im gettingp  precode FailureError Unable to find matching line from backtrace  ActionViewTemplateError    stack level too deep codepre
Negative 802 pIve got two Java processes, codeProcessorcode and codeSimulatorcode. The codeSimulatorcode writes to codeFile Xcode a prescribed data record 10 lines of text every 5s. The codeProcessorcode reads this file continually, waiting for tokens to indicate a valid record. The code is this with some substitutions for filenamesp  pIn codeSimulatorcode, every 5sp  precodeFileWriter fileWriter  new FileWriterDATAFILE, true BufferedWriter bufferedWriter  new BufferedWriterfileWriter bufferedWriter.writeDATA bufferedWriter.close codepre  pIn codeProcessorcode, constantlyp  precodemScanner  new Scannernew BufferedReader         new FileReaderDATAFILE mScanner.useLocaleLocale.UK  while true                    while mScanner.hasNextLine       Parse the data bundle.     if parseDataBundle              ...                codepre  pPreviously, the codeProcessorcode was hooked to an codeInputStreamcode and there was no problem using the codeScannercode configured appropriately to read data as it arrived.p  pHere, I can see that the data is being written correctly emwhen it is generatedem by refreshing the file in Notepad. But when using a file rather than an InputStream, the codeif  parseDataBundle code line is never reached.p  pWhat am I doing wrong The codeProcessorcode seems to have hold of the file resource, since I cant delete it whilst its running. My gut thinks its probably something to do with a misuse of concurrency.p
Negative 802 pIm working on a small project that will later help me create a game. What Im trying to achieve is the ability to play a game from a path on the players computer. The path is known but I couldnt find any way to achieve playing a song thats not from the content path.p  pIm also not talking about changing the content paths root directory, as the song wont load with LoadContent, it will load while the game is already on. If I cant do that Ill have to go back to developing games with Windows Forms which Im not a fan of..p
Negative 802 pIm upgrading a Rails app 3 to 4 that relays heavily on actioncaching due to traffic. codecachesactioncode has been moved out from Rails 4 in favour or fragment caching and russian doll. p  pMy question is what is the current solution to action cache I see the current fragment caching is at least one way of magnitude slower since it is not caching anymore every action logic. My app went from below 200ms to over 2000ms without using codecachesactioncode even if Im using cache on the views. p  pI been searching but havent found any article or documentation that digs deeper into this. Maybe im missing something obvious. p  pWhat is the current Rails 4 approach to action cachingp
Negative 802 pHow can I declare and set a variable in my codeMYSQL WORKBENCHcode in a stored procedurep  pIt gives a syntax error like codeunexpected Declaresymcode at the first line with a cross sign.p  pI am using the following code for itp  precodeDeclare StartDate datetime  set StartDate  20130701 codepre
Negative 802 pwhen I press home button from my application during second activity, and switch back to my application, it restart with the first activity and not resume the last one.p  pany idea p  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid packageit.vulneraria.cento androidversionCode1 androidversionName1.0 gt  ltusessdk     androidminSdkVersion3     androidtargetSdkVersion17 gt  ltsupportsscreens     androidlargeScreenstrue     androidnormalScreenstrue     androidsmallScreensfalse     androidxlargeScreenstrue gt  ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE gt  ltapplication     androidallowBackuptrue     androidicondrawablefiorenero     androidlabelstringappname gt     ltactivity         androidnameit.vulneraria.cento.Cento         androidlabelstringappname gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt              ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt     ltactivity         androidnameit.vulneraria.cento.CentoGame         androidlabelstringappnamegt         ltintentfiltergt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.DEFAULT gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt   ltapplicationgt  ltmanifestgt codepre  pthis is manifest, you need the code of activity i use only the default for onPause onResume ect...p
Negative 802 pSince a while it is possible to configure maven surefire to execute jUnit tests and testNG tests in one build. I wont expand on the reasons why Im doing that ok, hint testNG is our standard framework but some frameworks like a hrefhttpjnario.org relnofollowjnarioa require jUnit.p  pThe general way to do it is to configure the surefire plugin like thisp  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltplugingt     ltartifactIdgtmavensurefirepluginltartifactIdgt     ltversiongtsurefire.versionltversiongt     ltdependenciesgt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.surefireltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtsurefirejunit47ltartifactIdgt             ltversiongtsurefire.versionltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.maven.surefireltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtsurefiretestngltartifactIdgt             ltversiongtsurefire.versionltversiongt         ltdependencygt     ltdependenciesgt ltplugingt codepre  pa hrefhttpsolidsoft.wordpress.com20130312mixingtestngandjunittestsinonemavenmodule2013edition relnofollowtaken from hereap  pThis works quite well, jUnit tests and testNG tests get executed.p  pBUT  now I see that testNG tries to execute the jUnit tests too and maybe viceversa  with no success, of course, because it wont see any of its annotations, but it looks like it remarks the tests to passed... anyway, some reporting tools dont show test fails in jUnit tests anymore unless I comment the second dependency entry.p  pIs there any better way to configure surefire so that tests from both frameworks are executed ONLY by their test runners p
Negative 802 pI am trying to have the search bar in the actionbar auto open when my search page is launched.  I use this to attempt to open the search bar automatically on page openp  precodeOverride     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.main, menu          SearchView searchView  SearchView menu.findItemR.id.menusearch.getActionView         searchView.setIconifiedfalse         searchView.setOnQueryTextListenerthis         return true      codepre  pThe problem is when the page opens, the keyboard pops up but the search bar does not expand so the user can just start typing the search. It looks like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comJ66rj.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pSimple classp  precodepublic partial class MainWindow      public MainWindow              this.InitializeComponent       codepre  pcodeclass MainWindowcode is underlined red, resharper is complaining that codeIComponentConnector.Connect is not implementedcode. Checking the file codeobjDebugMainWindow.g.i.cscode the method is there, and the compiler does not complain about anything.p  pWhat am I missing Is this a bug in R Ive got so many false solution errors at the moment  this count is useless.p  h2Updateh2  pProblem persists even afterp  ol liremoving all ReSharper filesli lia fresh checkout from source controlli ol
Negative 802 pi have issue with struts2 and log4j2.0 My program working properly but log4j2.0 is not respond pls help me to solve dis..p  pim using following jar 1.log4jcore2.0beta8 2.log4japi2.0beta8 3.log4jweb2.0beta2p  pmy log4j2.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltconfiguration stricttrue schemaLog4JV2.0.xsd statusOFF monitorInterval300gt       ltappendersgt         ltConsole nameCONSOLE targetSYSTEMOUTgt             ltPatternLayout patternd 5p [t] C2 FL  mn gt         ltConsolegt         ltFile nameMyFile fileNameLoggerknight.loggt             ltPatternLayout patternd 5p [t] C2 FL  mn gt         ltFilegt     ltappendersgt     ltloggersgt                ltrootgt             ltappenderref refCONSOLE gt             ltappenderref refMyFile gt         ltrootgt     ltloggersgt ltconfigurationgt codepre  pmy web.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt     ltdisplaynamegtStruts2Verifiedltdisplaynamegt     ltwelcomefilelistgt         ltwelcomefilegtindex.jspltwelcomefilegt      ltwelcomefilelistgt      ltcontextparamgt          ltparamnamegtlog4jConfigurationltparamnamegt        ltparamvaluegtlog4j2.xmlltparamvaluegt     ltcontextparamgt      ltlistenergt         ltlistenerclassgtorg.apache.logging.log4j.core.web.Log4jContextListenerltlistenerclassgt     ltlistenergt     ltfiltergt         ltfilternamegtstruts2ltfilternamegt         ltfilterclassgtorg.apache.struts2.dispatcher.FilterDispatcherltfilterclassgt     ltfiltergt     ltfiltermappinggt         ltfilternamegtstruts2ltfilternamegt         lturlpatterngtlturlpatterngt     ltfiltermappinggt ltwebappgt codepre
Negative 802 phi i want to write html in php like thisp  pbut i am getting this error. i have seen manay example but my problem is unsolved.p  precodeParse error syntax error, unexpected  in homea2277283publichtmlpageshome.php on line 12 codepre  pmy code p  precodeltphp if issetSESSION[email] gt         lth4gtLoginlth4gt         ltform actionscriptslogin.php methodPOSTidloginformgt             ltstronggtEmailltstronggtltinput typetext nameuseremailgt ltinput typesubmit valueLogin namesubmitgt         ltformgt         ltphpgt codepre
Negative 802 pi am new to programming with javascript. and i picked angular  node.js for server side. i went through the angular tutorial and i have a few question regarding the webserver.js they gave. as the server part is not covered in the angular tutorial i have some questionsp  pthe server is ran with this command linep  precodenode .scriptswebserver.js codepre  pthe main function that is being executed is main it is done via mainprocess.argvp  pand the function isp  precodefunction mainargv    new HttpServer     GET createServletStaticServlet,     HEAD createServletStaticServlet   .startNumberargv[2]  DEFAULTPORT   function HttpServerhandlers    this.handlers  handlers   this.server  http.createServerthis.handleRequest.bindthis   function createServletClass    var servlet  new Class   return servlet.handleRequest.bindservlet   function StaticServlet   StaticServlet.MimeMap     txt textplain,   html texthtml,   css textcss,   xml applicationxml,   json applicationjson,   js applicationjavascript,   jpg imagejpeg,   jpeg imagejpeg,   gif imagegif,   png imagepng,  svg imagesvgxml  codepre  pmy questionsp  precode    GET createServletStaticServlet,     HEAD createServletStaticServlet    codepre  pi do not understand what these lines do. i assume this line creates an object, but the way that i know would be more likep  precode     GET createServletStaticServlet,     HEAD createServletStaticServlet    codepre  pwhat does the   mean in those linesp  psecond question what does these meansp  precode.startNumberargv[2]  DEFAULTPORT codepre  pthe .start functon isp  precodeHttpServer.prototype.start  functionport    this.port  port   this.server.listenport   util.putsHttp Server running at httplocalhost  port    codepre  pbut i dont understand why is the  and argv[2] is actually null so why do we need to pass it.p  pthird question is regarding the creation of the StaticServlet.MimeMap. it is very similar to my first question i think. i do not understand the syntax herep  precodetxt textplain,. codepre  pwhat does it createp
Negative 802 h2Backgroundh2  pIve got a bunch of codesvgcodes in a document with coderectcode, codepathcode, and whatnot inside each and I need to draw this out to a downloadable PNG image.  I understand that in order to do this there are two methods either draw the pages HTML structure to a codecanvascode and then export from there strongorstrong render an SVG and its contents straight onto a codecanvascode.p  h2Hypothesesh2  pThe first hypothesis I tried to render the HTML structure using a hrefhttphtml2canvas.hertzen.com relnofollowhtml2canvasa and only found out that SVGs could not be rendered via an HTML structure at all due to security issues.  The second hypothesis I tried to render an SVG to canvas via a hrefhttpscode.google.compcanvg relnofollowcanvga only to find out that it only allowed for one SVG element to be rendered and that only the first one would be rendered.p  h2Resultsh2  pTo prove the first one wrong, type in codehttpwww.w3schools.comsvgtryit.aspfilenametrysvgrectcode to a hrefhttphtml2canvas.hertzen.comscreenshots.html relnofollowthis URLa and disable Javascript.  To prove the second one wrong I have a a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netqDmhV124 relnofollowfiddle to try outa.p  hr  h2The Questionh2  pI want to make it clear that my reasoning for having multiple codesvgcodes is so that I can place them within a responsive grid system and resize via aspect ratio.  Without further ado, I ask my question strongHow can you render multiple codesvgcode elements to a codecanvascodestrong  If the answer to that question is it isnt possible, then next my question would be strongShould I be rendering one codesvgcode instead and handle responsiveness another waystrongp
Negative 802 pI want to update the local SQLite database tablemasters in my device  with MS SQL database table in the Server. Here am using SOAP Service. If any new values are inserted in the server then on click of a button it must sync and update the new values in my table. I want to know how to do it and below is the METHOD which I used to call the web service.p  pHere MANUFACTURERID and MANUFACTURERDESC are the two columns which I want to update.p  pI used the below link for reference and there is a class TaskAsync.java used. I want to know what I must write inside that class to call the web service. As am new to java please help me how to do this sync. Thanx in advancep  precodehttpstackoverflow.comquestions14453577syncinandroidsqliteandsqlservercrudoperationintwoways    DATABASEHELPER.JAVA  public void syncUsers         try               String response  new TaskAsync.executehttptempuri.orgISaveSyncMaster.get             Log.dresponse,response              String myPath  DBPATH  DBNAME             String tablename  ManufacturerDesc             myDataBase  SQLiteDatabase.openDatabasemyPath, null, SQLiteDatabase.OPENREADWRITE             myDataBase.deletetablename, null, null              ContentValues values  new ContentValues             values.putMANUFACTURERDESC,asManufacturer             values.putMANUFACTURERID, asManufactureId             values.putMANUFACTURERID, value              long status  myDataBase.inserttablename,  , values             Log.ddatabase, Long.toStringstatus             myDataBase.close         catch Exception e             e.printStackTrace               SOAPWebservice.java  public SoapPrimitive manMasterString manmas, String manmasid                      SoapPrimitive result  null             try                              SoapObject request  new SoapObjecthttptempuri.org,SyncMaster                 request.addPropertyMANUFACTURERID, manmasidsoap object                 request.addPropertyMANUFACTURERDESC , manmas                  SoapSerializationEnvelope envelope  new SoapSerializationEnvelopeSoapEnvelope.VER11                 envelope.setOutputSoapObjectrequest                 envelope.dotNet  true                  HttpTransportSE androidHttpTransport  new HttpTransportSEurl                 androidHttpTransport.callhttptempuri.orgISaveSyncMaster,envelope                 Log.eWEB, androidHttpTransport.toString                 result  SoapPrimitiveenvelope.getResponse                 return result                          catchException e                 Log.eWebService,Error,e                 e.printStackTrace                  return null                       codepre
Negative 802 pI have a procedure that can give me just result max timestamp for one tracker, now I have to get result for many trackers p  precodeBEGIN SELECT      CONCATltKM TRACKER, ItrackerId, TIME, ITimeStamp, MILEAGE, Imileage, SPD, Ispeed, gt xml  FROM info where      ITimeStamp gt date1 and  ItrackerId  trackerId ORDER BY ITimeStamp ASC limit 1 END codepre  pI want to put array of trackers as parameters and get all data.p
Negative 802 pI have 115 divs that are 120x120 and each has a different background image. Each div has multiple class names that I use solely for the purpose of a search bar, using codegetElementsByClassNamecode. For example think of 115 humans, but being able to write female in the search will result in hiding all the males and only showing the females.p  pIs this the wrong way of doing a search filter I set the divs to codedisplay  nonecode to hide them and codeblockcode if they are part of whats being searched. Im just worried about using multiple empty class names as a search filter. Is it alright to do it this way or is there a more convenient way thats done specifically for something like thisp
Negative 802 pI am trying to use jQuery in a checkbox field  to calculate the number of fields that have been checked, but I dont seem to have got the syntax correct. p  pBelow is my attempt to count the number of fields that have been checked there are over 20 checkbox fields.p  precodeproducteffecttable input[typecheckbox].clickfunction   ifproducteffecttable input[typecheckbox].length  producteffecttable input[typecheckbox]checked.length              selectall.attrchecked, checked            else              selectall.removeAttrchecked                codepre  pI think that the fault lies in my DOM selection. p  pThe checkboxes are stored in a table with an strongidstrong of strongproducteffecttablestrongp  pBelow is a sample of the table and an input bar p  precode lttable idproducteffecttablegt    lttdgt  ltinput typecheckbox nameeffect5 ideffect5 value1 checkedchecked       producteffectid5 gtlttdgt lttablegt codepre
Negative 802 pI want to exchange a public key between a c application and and android application. I decided to use a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiDiffieE28093Hellmankeyexchange relnofollowDiffieHellmana. On the C side a hrefhttpwww.codeproject.comArticles70330ImplementationofDiffieHellmanAlgorithmofKey relnofollowthisa library looks promising for generating the keys with c. Now I am looking for an implementation for java to generate the keys on the android smartphone. p  pWhat libraries would you suggest, also on the c side In the end i want to share the public key as a string via UDP.p  pkind regards p
Negative 802 pI am in the process of creating a visual studio solution to wrap the commandline portions of OCaml.  In the standard OCaml make file there is the following targetp  precodeversion.h  ..VERSION echo define OCAMLVERSION sed e 1q ..VERSION gt version.h codepre  pwhich I was hoping to simulate via a custom build event.  I have modified my vcproj file to include the following linesp  precode    ltCustomBuildStepgt   ltCommandgtCWindowsSystem32sed.exe e 1 sdefine OCAMLVERSION   SourceDirVERSION  ampgt SourceDirversion.h   ltCommandgt   ltInputsgtVERSIONltInputsgt   ltOutputsgtversion.hOutputsltOutputsgt   ltMessagegtBuilding version header file ....ltMessagegt ltCustomBuildStepgt codepre  pI do have sed installed on my system from unxutils, and the command does work correctly from a command terminal after macroexpansion naturally.  However, when I execute it from inside Visual Studio I get the following error messagep  precodeCustomBuildStep   Description Building version header file ....  CWindowsSystem32sed.exe is not recognized as an internal or external command,   operable program or batch file. codepre  pIve seen this problem on several forums and the proposed solution is to include the absolute path which I did or set the working directory to where the executable lives.  Is there anything that I could do to get this to workp  pThanks. p
Negative 802 pIn my ASP.NET web application I need to save a password in a database. Note that this is not a login password and a user providing such password is given a visible security warning. I was thinking to provide some scrambling for the password before placing it into the database.p  pSo I was thinking to do thisp  precodebyte[] bytesToSaveScrambled   System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.Protect     System.Text.Encoding.UTF8.GetBytespassword, null,     System.Security.Cryptography.DataProtectionScope.CurrentUser codepre  pThe issue is that according to a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarysystem.security.cryptography.dataprotectionscope28vvs.10029.aspx relnofollowthis pagea, when I use codeDataProtectionScope.CurrentUsercode only that same user account will be able to decode it back. I can of course use codeDataProtectionScope.LocalMachinecode instead, but the documentation says that it is less secure.p  pSo my question is, when my web app runs on a web server, does it run under the same Windows user account to ensure consistency of the scrambling method abovep
Negative 802 pOK, heres is what I want to do p  ul liI have an codeNSCollectionViewcode filled with itemsli liI have an codeNSOutlineViewcode a tree structure actuallyli liI want to be able to drag any item from the codeNSCollectionViewcode and drop it on an codeNSOutlineViewcode item, and depending on what the item is, highlight it, and accept the operation.li ul  pAny guidelines Ive handled dragndrop in the past, but in a simpler situation.p  pHow should I go about it in the most Cocoafriendly wayp
Negative 802 pI want to get a substring from a file, but only from lines which are not preceded by an exclamation mark which is the comment symbol in Fortran. I would prefer to use grep but not bound to. For examplep  pinfile.txtp  precodecalibssbaseline.txt calibssbasesharpe.txt codepre  pDesired resultp  precodebaseline codepre  pI got this farp  precodegrep Po lt[.]. infile.txt codepre  pwhich returnsp  precodebaseline basesharpe codepre  pTo exclude the lines starting with  I thought of combining the expression with p  precode[] codepre  pbut I dont manage. Thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pIn the real world, thanks to RackBuilder, Ive started up two sinatra apps and mapped one to apiv1 and the other to ui.p  pId like the app mapped to ui to be able to take advantage of the routes in api but, becuase theyre separate, the ui app cant perform calls on the api side of things.p  pIs there a way to call one apps route from another via rack, or should I just use NetHTTP  p  pHeres a simplified example of what Im trying to dop  precodeusrbinruby require sinatra  class API lt SinatraBase   get accounts do     jsonaccountdata   end end  class UI lt SinatraBase   get accounts do      How do I get apiaccounts      call apiaccounts obviously does not work       would use erb here to render accounts list in human readable form   end end  rack  RackBuilder.new  rack.map ui do   run UI.new end  rack.map api do   run API.new end  RackServer.start app gt rack exit codepre  pThanks very muchp
Negative 802 pI am using dblink to move certain data between databases. Everything is save and sound but I am wondering if there is a more convenient way to define the column definition list of a dblink query result. I can do something like thisp  precodeSELECT  FROM dblinkdbnameremote, select  from test AS t1id integer, data text  codepre  pThe tables Im interacting with have the same schema definition in both databases remote amp local. I was thinking of something likep  precodeSELECT  FROM dblinkdbnameremote, select  from test AS t1 LIKE public.test  codepre  pOrp  precodeSELECT  FROM dblinkdbnameremote, select  from test AS t1public.test codepre  pThe column definition list tends to become quite long. Is there something I may have overlookedp  pEDITp  pAs this has been a problem for me before I created a small function as a workaround.p  precodeCREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION dblinkstarfuncconn text, schemaname text, tablename text RETURNS text LANGUAGE PLPGSQL VOLATILE STRICT AS function     DECLARE                dblinkschema text         cols          text          q             text         funcname     text  formatstars, 3         func          text             BEGIN         SELECT nspname INTO dblinkschema         FROM pgnamespace n, pgextension e         WHERE e.extname  dblink AND e.extnamespace  n.oid          SELECT arraytostringarrayaggcolumnname     udtname, ,  INTO cols         FROM informationschema.columns         WHERE tableschema  2 AND tablename  3          q  formatSELECT  FROM I.dblinkL, L AS remote s,             dblinkschema,             conn,             formatSELECT  FROM I.I, 2, 3,             cols                   func  func             CREATE OR REPLACE FUNCTION s             RETURNS SETOF I.I             LANGUAGE SQL             VOLATILE STRICT             AS  s          func          EXECUTE formatfunc, funcname, 2, 3, q          RETURN funcname     END function codepre  pThis function creates and yields a function that wraps the dblink call. Its certainly not meant for heavy lifting but convenience.It would be nice if it turns out its not necessary at all.p  precodegt select dblinkstarfuncdbnameben, public, test   dblinkstarfunc    startest          1 row  gt select  from startest where data  success   id   data       1  success   1 row codepre
Negative 802 pHi I have two data set where the first one is a set of indexp  precodeind1ltrepcE,W, times20 ind2ltsample100150, 40 yltc140 indexltdata.framecbindind1, ind2, y codepre  pThe second data set is the one needs to be indexed.p  precodex1ltsamplecE,W,N, 40, replaceTRUE x2ltsample100150, 40 x3ltrep0, times40 dataltdata.framecbindx1,x2,x3 codepre  pI would like indicate in codex3code where the codex1code and codex2code in codedatacode to be matched with codeind1code and codeind2code in codeindexcode respectively and return the corresponding codeycode.p  precodeindex1ltsplitindex, indexind1 data1ltsplitdata, datax1 data1Ex3ltmatchdata1Ex2, index1Eind2 data1Wx3ltmatchdata1Wx2, index1Wind2 codepre  pIt kinda matched the way I wanted but did not return codeycode correctly. Which part I did wrong Thanks.p  pAlso, is there a fastersmarter way of doing it Because I might have more conditions to match with. Originally I tried if else statement but didnt work. p
Negative 802 pIve just published my LS app to my host WinHost and I used the publish settings provided by my host and setup the database, etc. And when I go to my website address where the app is located, I get the following pagep  blockquote   h2Server Error in MyAPP Application.h2      pSecurity Exception    Description The application attempted to   perform an operation not allowed by the security policy.  To grant   this application the required permission please contact your system   administrator or change the applications trust level in the   configuration file. p      pException Details System.Security.SecurityException Request for the   permission of type System.Security.Permissions.SecurityPermission,   mscorlib, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral,   PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 failed.p      pSource Error p      pAn unhandled exception was generated during the execution of the   current web request. Information regarding the origin and location of   the exception can be identified using the exception stack trace below.p      pStack Trace p      p[SecurityException Request for the permission of type   System.Security.Permissions.SecurityPermission, mscorlib,   Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089   failed.]br   Microsoft.LightSwitch.BaseServices.Logging.Utilities.HostEnvironment.RunningInAzureCore   0    Microsoft.LightSwitch.BaseServices.Logging.Utilities.HostEnvironment.RunningInAzure   108    Microsoft.LightSwitch.BaseServices.Logging.Utilities.HostEnvironment.getIsEncryptionRequired   24    Microsoft.LightSwitch.WebHost.Implementation.LightSwitchHttpModule.InitHttpApplication   application 21br   System.Web.HttpApplication.RegisterEventSubscriptionsWithIISIntPtr   appContext, HttpContext context, MethodInfo[] handlers 418br   System.Web.HttpApplication.InitSpecialHttpApplicationState state,   MethodInfo[] handlers, IntPtr appContext, HttpContext context 172br   System.Web.HttpApplicationFactory.GetSpecialApplicationInstanceIntPtr   appContext, HttpContext context 336br   System.Web.Hosting.PipelineRuntime.InitializeApplicationIntPtr   appContext 296p      p Version Information Microsoft .NET Framework Version4.0.30319   ASP.NET Version4.0.30319.18045p blockquote  hr  pNow, I have made sure that my server is using .NET 4. I have checked that the credentials are correct, many times. The app debugs fine. Just not after Ive uploaded it.p  pWhat gives I understand that it says SecurityException and Access Denied, etc  but what the hell does that actually mean when everything ive entered is strongOKstrongp
Negative 802 pIm writing a Python script which will be run on many different servers. A vital part of the script relies on the paramiko module, but its likely that the servers do not have the paramiko package installed already. Everything needs to automated, so all the user has to do is run the script and everything will be completed for them. They shouldnt need to manually install anything.p  pIve seen that people recommend using Active Python  PyPM, but again, that requires an installation.p  pstrongIs there a way to download and install Paramiko and any package from a Python scriptstrongp
Negative 802 pIve search far and wide, but cannot bind JSON data to a simple scatterplot for the life of me. Ive looked at posts and examples, but I can only manage to bind arrays and not JSON. Below, Ive tried to simply display JSON data as text and still cant make it work. Please let me know if you have any idea whyp  pd3attempt.jsp  precodevar data  d3.jsonjsondata.json,functionerror, dataset      if error return console.warnerror      data  dataset      var myscatter  d3.selectsomediv.appendsvg                     .attrwidth, 700                     .attrheight, 400      myscatter.selectAlltext         .datadata.data         .enter         .appendtext         .textfunctiondreturn d  codepre  pjsondata.jsonp  precode     data              john name john, age 13,         matt name matt, age14       codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to password protect a webpage, say codeindex.htmlcode thats located at codemysite.commysubfolderindex.htmlcode. How Ive done this, is Ive placed both a code.htaccesscode and a code.htpasswdcode file in the directory codepublichtmlmysubfoldercode, with code.htacesscode containing the followingp  precodeAuthName Secure Area AuthType Basic AuthUserFile publichtmlmysubfolder.htpasswd Require validuser codepre  pNow, when I type in codewww.mysite.commysubfoldercode into the address bar, I get the prompt to type in the user name and password, which I do, with the credentials that generated my code.htpasswdcode file. But when I do, an empty page shows up  no error or warning, just a white page. I have other folders inside this directory, and for them too nothing shows up, when I try to access them directly through the address bar. When I click codeView Page Sourcecode, all I see isp  precodelt SHTML Wrapper  500 Server Error gt codepre  pI have no idea what to do now. I want everyone who types in that webpage or clicks through a link to it codemysite.commysubfolderindex.htmlcode or codemysite.commysubfoldercodeto have to type in the specific credentials I have chosen. Am I doing something wrong Maybe there is a better way Thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI would like to make a simple URL rewrite but can not succeed... Here is what I havep  pI have 3 websites on the same hosting.p  pwww.websiteAAA.com  a regular website, located in websiteAAAfolder folder p  pwww.websiteBBB.com  a regular website, located in websiteBBBfolder folder p  pwww.websiteCCCWordpress.com  a Wordpress website, , located in websiteCCCWordpressfolder folderp  pI order to redirect the requests to the correct domainfilder I have an .htaccess file in the main directoryp  precodeOptions SymLinksIfOwnerMatch AddType texthtml .shtml  AddOutputFilter INCLUDES .shtml  redirect to the correct folder RewriteCond HTTPHOST  websiteAAA.com [NC]      RewriteCond REQUESTURI websiteAAAfolder.     RewriteRule .  websiteAAAfolder1 [L]  redirect to the correct folder RewriteCond HTTPHOST  websiteBBB.com [NC]      RewriteCond REQUESTURI websiteBBBfolder.      RewriteRule .  websiteBBBfolder1 [L]  redirect to the correct folder RewriteCond HTTPHOST  websiteCCCWordpress.com [NC]      RewriteCond REQUESTURI websiteCCCWordpressfolder.      RewriteRule .  websiteAAAfolder1 [L] codepre  hr  pin websiteCCCWordpressfolder where the wordpress site is, there is an additional .htaccess filep  precodeltIfModule modrewrite.cgt  RewriteEngine On  RewriteBase   RewriteRule index.php  [L]  RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME f  RewriteCond REQUESTFILENAME d  RewriteRule . index.php [L]  ltIfModulegt codepre  hr  pI woulde like to rewite www.websiteCCCWordpress.comaaa to www.websiteCCCWordpress.comid2ampsomeugleurleampblabla1p  pI add this line to my .htaccess file that is in the root folderp  precodeRewriteRule aaa  id2ampsomeugleurleampblabla1 [L] codepre  pHowever, that does not work.p  pPlease advice.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pA rather basic question Im unsure about. I typically set up my codeUIViewControllercodes viewrelated code in codeviewDidLoadcode. If the controller has some properties for labels, etc, this is where I would initialize them and add them to the view. These properties are usually declared in the .m so can be considered pseudoprivate.p  pHowever  if the controller exposes one of these properties lets say a codeUILabelcode in its header file, I am finding that I cant rely on it existing when it comes time to set it up. For examplep  precodeCustomViewController controller  [CustomViewController alloc] initWithNibNamenil bundlenil] controller.someLabel.text  label text goes here then comes the presentation code codepre  pI find that I am setting the labels text too early  codeviewDidLoadcode has not fired yet so the label is nil.p  pShould I create this label in codeinitcode and add it in codeviewDidLoadcode Should I be doing all my set up in codeinitcode Or maybe all the initialization of view properties Or judge it on a case by case basisp  pOr maybe the root cause is that I shouldnt have a controller exposing a view the label and use some other patternp  pIm looking for a consistent way to structure my code.p
Negative 802 pWe have a Nuget package that has been developed inhouse and adds a number of MVCrelated assets to any project that pulls it in  an codeIndex.cshtmlcode view in the codeViewsHomecode folder, a codeHomeControllercode and codeControllerscode folder and a codeContentcode folder with some static files in amongst others. p  pEvery time we create a new version of the package and pull it into a project that is under TFS source control, the current version of the package is uninstalled first standard Nuget behaviour. This causes all of the assets to be placed into the pending delete state within source control. Whenever a folder is emptied of all files, that folder is also placed into the pending delete state. p  pWhen the new version of the Nuget package is then installed, package manager throws up errors because the assets it is trying to copy over are already set to delete, or the parent is set to delete in the case of folders.p  pIs there a way to deal with this situation, either by forcing TFS to effectively undelete the assets when installing the new package or not to delete them in the first place when uninstallingp
Negative 802 pIn my model I have a field type codestringcode called codegodtypecode.p  pExamplep  precodeIce,Fire  Ranged,Cannon  Fire,Ranged codepre  pIm going to be using Isotope to filter these models based on their codegodtypecode.p  pI need the output HTML to look likep  precodeltdiv classitem Fire Rangedgt ltdivgt codepre  pHeres what Ive triedp  precodegodslist.isotopecontainer    for god in gods     .item classgod.godtype.split,.each  c c        a hrefgodpathgod classgod         img srcgod.thumbnail.urlthumb         h2 god.name codepre  pAnd the resulting HTMLp  precodeltdiv classitem [Fire, Ranged]gt     ... ltdivgt codepre  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 802 pSo I have a windows service running as Local System.p  pthis windows service then starts off a WCF service.p  pFrom my machine there is no problem and works fine.br From a test console application, on the target machine, it works finebr From a windows service, on the target machine, it does not work. Nor does it throw an exception...p  pI am really stuck on this. p  pCould this be permissionsp  precodemtknCancelToken  new CancellationTokenSource     Create and start the task                                                        mtskService  Task.Factory.StartNewobject o gt       RunService ,  mtknCancelToken     Set the handler when the task is cancelled or faulted                            mtskService.ContinueWith     TaskEndedHandler,      TaskContinuationOptions.OnlyOnFaulted  mtskService.ContinueWith     TaskEndedHandler,     TaskContinuationOptions.OnlyOnCanceled codepre  pand then to catch the errors.p  precodeprivate void TaskEndedHandlerTask tskTask      Log.LogString.Format0 has ended, ServiceName, WHS010CI      if tskTask.Exception  null              Log.LogExtskTask.Exception, WHS0103E          if tskTask.Exception.InnerExceptions  null                      foreach Exception ex in tskTask.Exception.InnerExceptions                              Log.LogExex, WHS0104E                                 iftskTask.IsCanceled              Log.LogString.Format[0] has been cancelled, ServiceName, WHS0104W       codepre
Negative 802 pIm just starting with google app engine and I followed the basic hello world example on google app engine. p  pa hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocspythongettingstartedpython27helloworld relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.comappenginedocspythongettingstartedpython27helloworldap  pcreated both files in the helloworld folder.p  pI dont want to use the GUI I prefer to use the mac terminal to work with this application. I want to start this application on my local host localhost80 through the terminal.p  pto run my basic helloworld application locally all I say isp  p devappserver.py helloworld . but I get this error.p  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File usrlocalbindevappserver.py, line 184, in ltmodulegt     runfilefile, globals   File usrlocalbindevappserver.py, line 180, in runfile     execfilescriptpath, globals   File ApplicationsGoogleAppEngineLauncher.appContentsResourcesGoogleAppEnginedefault.bundleContentsResourcesgoogleappenginegoogleappenginetoolsdevappserver2devappserver2.py, line 727, in ltmodulegt     main   File ApplicationsGoogleAppEngineLauncher.appContentsResourcesGoogleAppEnginedefault.bundleContentsResourcesgoogleappenginegoogleappenginetoolsdevappserver2devappserver2.py, line 720, in main     devserver.startoptions   File ApplicationsGoogleAppEngineLauncher.appContentsResourcesGoogleAppEnginedefault.bundleContentsResourcesgoogleappenginegoogleappenginetoolsdevappserver2devappserver2.py, line 554, in start     options.yamlfiles   File ApplicationsGoogleAppEngineLauncher.appContentsResourcesGoogleAppEnginedefault.bundleContentsResourcesgoogleappenginegoogleappenginetoolsdevappserver2applicationconfiguration.py, line 556, in init     moduleconfiguration  ModuleConfigurationyamlpath   File ApplicationsGoogleAppEngineLauncher.appContentsResourcesGoogleAppEnginedefault.bundleContentsResourcesgoogleappenginegoogleappenginetoolsdevappserver2applicationconfiguration.py, line 82, in init     self.yamlpath   File ApplicationsGoogleAppEngineLauncher.appContentsResourcesGoogleAppEnginedefault.bundleContentsResourcesgoogleappenginegoogleappenginetoolsdevappserver2applicationconfiguration.py, line 271, in parseconfiguration     with openconfigurationpath as f IOError [Errno 2] No such file or directory helloworld codepre  pI have two files in the helloworld directory. app.yamlp  precodeapplication yourappid version 1 runtime python27 apiversion 1 threadsafe true  handlers  url .   script helloworld.application codepre  pand the helloworld.pyp  precodeimport webapp2  class MainPagewebapp2.RequestHandler      def getself         self.response.headers[ContentType]  textplain         self.response.writeHello, World   application  webapp2.WSGIApplication[     , MainPage, ], debugTrue codepre
Negative 802 precodepublic void destroy   codepre  pI have written above empty method in my filter class which is required as per the interface. But when my code goes to PMD check it mentionsp  blockquote   pUncommented Empty Method finds instances where a method does not contain statements, but there is no comment. By explicitly commenting empty methods it is easier to distinguish between intentional commented and unintentional empty methods.p blockquote  pI do not understand it. What really does it meanp
Negative 802 pMy requirement is like this. I have a selectMenu with some values Examples Engineering, Medicine, Law etc.., . Suppose if I select Engineering in the drop down, I want another dropdown menu created dynamically which has values related to Engineering Example Electronics, Computers, Electricals etc..,. How do I achieve this in JSF 2.0  p
Negative 802 pI am working in windows Store project using c. My intention is to load local HTML file  in webview. I did Html file to display Horizebtally with using of Invoking Javascript to webview.p  pRight now I am getting struggle about read the HTML page Slide by Slide using Gesture likeswipe, Tap.p  pI didnt see any event like codeView Changedcode or any other property to get gesture from Webview. I know webview is quite different from Remaining XAML controls to do a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11426120tappingisnotworkingonwebviewforwindowsmetrostyleappsthisap  pSome people using webview in Flipview, Webviewbrush with webviewp  pBut I am wondering about Which solution is suitable for to retrieve event from Webview.p  pCan any one give me Suggestion about this p
Negative 802 pI am trying to send some data in xml format to my web page where I can register the user....p  pI have tried two ways and with both the ways I felt to grab the data.p  pstrongWay1strongp  precode    NSString urlString  http.comiphonecsiregister.phpchoiceregister     NSURL url  [NSURL URLWithString urlString]      NSMutableURLRequest request  [NSMutableURLRequest requestWithURL url]     [request setHTTPMethod POST]     [request setValue textxml forHTTPHeaderField ContentType]      NSMutableData highScoreData  [NSMutableData data]     [highScoreData appendData [[NSString stringWithFormat ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 gt] dataUsingEncoding NSUTF8StringEncoding]]     [highScoreData appendData [[NSString stringWithFormat ltusernamegtltusername, test] dataUsingEncoding NSUTF8StringEncoding]]     [highScoreData appendData [[NSString stringWithFormat ltpasswordgtltpasswordgt, test] dataUsingEncoding NSUTF8StringEncoding]]     [highScoreData appendData [[NSString stringWithFormat ltxmlgt] dataUsingEncoding NSUTF8StringEncoding]]     [request setHTTPBody highScoreData]     NSURLConnection connection  [[NSURLConnection alloc] initWithRequest request                                                                 delegate self] codepre  pstrongWay2strongp  precode    NSString  xmlString  lttestgtltmessagegtHelloltmessagegtlttestgt             NSURL  serviceUrl  [NSURL URLWithStringhttpdemos4clients.comiphonecsiregister.phpchoiceregister]     NSMutableURLRequest  serviceRequest  [NSMutableURLRequest requestWithURLserviceUrl]     [serviceRequest setValuetextxml forHTTPHeaderFieldContenttype]     [serviceRequest setHTTPMethodPOST]     [serviceRequest setHTTPBody[xmlString dataUsingEncodingNSASCIIStringEncoding]]      NSURLResponse  serviceResponse     NSError  serviceError     serviceResponse  [NSURLConnection sendSynchronousRequestserviceRequest returningResponseampserviceResponse errorampserviceError] codepre  pPlease help me finding out the error.p
Negative 802 precodepublic class ReadFromQueue        order  orderFromQueue       ifRepository.ordersIdMap.containsKeyorder.orderID                     Platform.runLaternew Runnable                        Override public void run                                                                                                   Repository.ordersCollection.addorder                                                              Repository.ordersIdMap.putorder.orderID, order    codepre  pSo hi again, I made another question, cause the previous one.. was bad sorry Let me put you in this scenario. You have a reader that goes to a queue and gets an order lets say its a order object, ready to use, this thing work so quick that gets a lot of orders per second.. To be exact i get 40.000 orders in less than a minute.. I have a Repository that is a singleton class, in this class i have a ordersIdMap ConcurrentHashMap of key String and value Order and a ordersCollection that is a ObservableList the source of my tableView. I CANT add the order if already exist in the collection so in my map i save the orderId string as the key, so that way if the same order cames again i must update it the else code is not here but is not importan now. The thing is that calling the Platform.runLater for drawing to the UI is giving me problems.. why cause if i go to get another order and the Platform.runLater hasnt finished.. the order doesnt get created on the map, so to my reader the order its new and create it again in the case that the order has the same orderId, so i get the same order over and over again.. I must say that some times its quick enough and the order gets the update .. but most of the times is too slow and the order its created again. I also tried to put the Repository.ordersIdMap.putorder.orderID, order right next to the if condition.. so that way the map will have the key no matter what..BUT still doesnt work why.. dunno.. Also if i dont use the platform.runlater ..its works but i get a lot NullPointersException.. cause im trying to update the UI to quick..i think.. any answer is usefull.. THANKS and sorry for my english.p  pEDIT This is the entire code.. the execRpt is a like a small order and from that i can create a bigger order.. i receive many execRpt and then create the orders.. if the order exist update..if not add it, but it fails on updating some times and just add the order like if it was a new one.p  precodepackage com.larrainvial.trading.trademonitor.listeners  import com.larrainvial.trading.emp.Controller import com.larrainvial.trading.trademonitor.Repository import com.larrainvial.trading.emp.Event import com.larrainvial.trading.emp.Listener import com.larrainvial.trading.fix44.events.ReceivedExecutionReportEvent import com.larrainvial.trading.trademonitor.events.CalculatePositionsEvent import com.larrainvial.trading.trademonitor.vo.ExecRptVo import com.larrainvial.trading.trademonitor.vo.OrderVo import javafx.application.Platform import javafx.concurrent.Task import quickfix.FieldNotFound import quickfix.fix44.ExecutionReport  public class ReceivedExecutionReportToMonitorListener implements Listener       private OrderVo orderVo             private String ordStatus       private String transactTime       private String text       private int qty  0     private int cumQty  0     private int lastQty  0     private int leavesQty  0     private double price  0     private double avgPx  0     private double lastPx  0      Override     public void eventOccurredEvent event               ExecutionReport executionReport  ReceivedExecutionReportEventevent.message         try                                      String settlType               String orderID  executionReport.isSetOrderID String.valueOfexecutionReport.getOrderID.getValue               String execID  executionReport.isSetExecID String.valueOfexecutionReport.getExecID.getValue               String execType  executionReport.isSetExecType String.valueOfexecutionReport.getExecType.getValue                           String clOrdID  executionReport.isSetClOrdID String.valueOfexecutionReport.getClOrdID.getValue                           String clOrdLinkID  executionReport.isSetClOrdLinkID String.valueOfexecutionReport.getClOrdLinkID.getValue                           transactTime  executionReport.isSetTransactTime  String.valueOfexecutionReport.getTransactTime.getValue               text  executionReport.isSetText  executionReport.getText.getValue.toString                String tif  executionReport.isSetTimeInForce  String.valueOfexecutionReport.getTimeInForce.getValue                String handlInst  executionReport.isSetHandlInst  String.valueOfexecutionReport.getHandlInst.getValue                    String securityExchange  executionReport.isSetSecurityExchange String.valueOfexecutionReport.getSecurityExchange.getValue                    String orderType  executionReport.isSetOrdType String.valueOfexecutionReport.getOrdType.getValue                                String account  executionReport.isSetAccount  String.valueOfexecutionReport.getAccount.getValue  None             ordStatus  String.valueOfexecutionReport.getOrdStatus.getValue                         lastPx  executionReport.isSetLastPx executionReport.getLastPx.getValue  0             price  executionReport.isSetPrice executionReport.getPrice.getValue  0             avgPx  executionReport.isSetAvgPx executionReport.getAvgPx.getValue  0                         lastQty  executionReport.isSetLastQty intexecutionReport.getLastQty.getValue  0             leavesQty  executionReport.isSetLeavesQty intexecutionReport.getLeavesQty.getValue  0             cumQty  executionReport.isSetCumQty intexecutionReport.getCumQty.getValue  0             qty  executionReport.isSetOrderQty intexecutionReport.getOrderQty.getValue  0                          ExecRptVo execRpt   new ExecRptVoorderID,                                           execID,                                           execType,                                            ordStatus,                                            clOrdID,                                            clOrdLinkID,                                            securityExchange,                                           String.valueOfexecutionReport.getSide.getValue,                                            qty,                                            lastQty,                                            leavesQty,                                            cumQty,                                            executionReport.getSymbol.getValue.toString,                                            orderType,                                            price,                                            lastPx,                                            avgPx,                                            tif,                                            ,                                           handlInst,                                            securityExchange,                                            settlType,                                            account,                                            text,                                            transactTime              orderVo  new OrderVoexecRpt             OrderVo orderExist  Repository.ordersIdMap.putIfAbsentorderID, orderVo              iforderExist  null                                                                                                                           Platform.runLaternew Runnable                                       Override public void run                                               Repository.ordersCollection.addorderVo                                                                                                                 else                                            Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.price.setprice                 Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.qty.setqty                 Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.ordStatus.setordStatus                 Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.transactTime.settransactTime                 Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.text.settext                  ifavgPx gt 0                     Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.avgPx.setavgPx                 ifcumQty gt 0                     Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.cumQty.setcumQty                 iflastQty gt 0                     Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.lastQty.setlastQty                 iflastPx gt 0                     Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.lastPx.setlastPx                 ifleavesQty gt 0                     Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.leavesQty.setleavesQty                 ifordStatus.equals8                     Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.rejected.set1                  Repository.ordersIdMap.getorderID.execRpts.addexecRpt                                                                     ifexecType.equals1  execType.equals2  execType.equalsF                                                          CalculatePositionsEvent calculatePositionsEvent  new CalculatePositionsEventexecRpt                 Controller.dispatchEventcalculatePositionsEvent                                                catch FieldNotFound ex                       ex.printStackTrace                   catch Exception ex                       ex.printStackTrace                codepre
Negative 802 pI want to be able to swap the jquery mobile CSS for a desktop friendly CSS. For example when a user is NOT on a mobile device display the styles in a non mobile type style. Is there a platform or existing CSS that does this  p
Negative 802 pI have a web where I put some equations using MathJAX in LaTeX language. The thing is that all goes right, but when I put sth like thisp  precodebeginequation   The equation... endequation codepre  pIt doesnt enumerate the equation, while I think that using it in pure LaTeX in the editor, it enumerates the equations. I wonder to know if Im wrong and if theres a way to enumerate the equations at the right in an html file. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pIm fairly new to c. Ive come across a strange bug that ive been staring at for hours and Im not sure what Im doing wrong. I have three constructors for my class, which should do the same thing. However, running a function on them seems to output different format results.p  pThis is my testp  precodevoid test     float t1[19]  2,2,2,1,0,0,3,0,1,0,3,0,0,1,3,0,0,0,1      vectorltfloatgt testVec     testVec.inserttestVec.begin,t1,t119     Box atestVec     vectorltNetworkingUtilsVec3fgt pts  a.getCubePoints      float data[16]  1,0,0,3,0,1,0,3,0,0,1,3,0,0,0,1     Mat test24,4,CV32FC1,ampdata     NetworkingUtilsVec3f size2,2,2     Box btest2,size     vectorltNetworkingUtilsVec3fgt pts2  b.getCubePoints      for int i 0 i lt pts.size i          coutltlti  ltlt i ltlt Box a ltlt pts.ati              ltlt     Box b  ltlt pts2.ati ltlt n       codepre  pAnd it outputsp  precodei 0 Box a3.22123e008 5.7856e039 3.22123e008     Box b 4 4 4 i 1 Box a1.07374e008 6.93378e038 1.07374e008     Box b 4 4 2 i 2 Box a3.22123e008 1.15704e038 1.07374e008     Box b 4 2 4 i 3 Box a1.07374e008 5.77666e038 1.07374e008     Box b 4 2 2 i 4 Box a1.07374e008 1.15686e038 1.07374e008     Box b 2 4 4 i 5 Box a1.07374e008 5.77667e038 1.07374e008     Box b 2 4 2 i 6 Box a1.07374e008 5.77674e038 1.07374e008     Box b 2 2 4 i 7 Box a1.07374e008 1.15703e038 3.22123e008     Box b 2 2 2 codepre  pThe two constructors being called are 1.p  precodeBoxcvMat m,NetworkingUtilsVec3f sposem,boxSizes codepre  pand 2.  p  precodeBoxBoxconst vectorltfloatgtamp poseAndSize     Assumes poseAnDSize[0,1,2]  Size, [319]  mat     boxSize  NetworkingUtilsVec3fposeAndSize.at0,poseAndSize.at1,poseAndSize.at2     float mat[16]     for int i 0 i lt 16i         mat[i]  poseAndSize.ati3          pose  cvMat4,4,CV32FC1,ampmat  codepre  pI have no idea on how to start debugging this. Inside the second constructor, mat[16] has exactly the same values as data[16].p  pAny ideas on what Im doing wrong would be much appreciated Thanksp  h1EDITFixedh1  pAha I managed to fix it by moving mat[16] in the 2nd constructor into the header file.p  pMaybe the Mat constructor uses pass by references rather than value p  pi.e.p  precodeclass Box  public     Box     BoxcvMat m,NetworkingUtilsVec3f sposem,boxSizes     Boxconst vectorltfloatgtamp poseAndSize     cvMat pose     NetworkingUtilsVec3f boxSize  private      float mat[16]  codepre  h3Thanks for all your helph3
Negative 802 pI made a drupal site and my client decide to go with shared hosting  1nor1 . They gave unlimited MySQL databases. The maximum of the database its 1GB. I reached it, and the only thing I can make its clean the cache and accesslog tables  100200MB , but after 34 days when accesslog and cache tables get those 100200MB the page crashes once more time.p  pI just found this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1897260howtodealwiththe200mblimitofgodaddydatabaseHow to deal with the 200MB limit of Godaddy databasea but the answer its change hosting provider what I cant do.p  pWhat can I do Thanks.p
Negative 802 pI converted a website into WordPress off of an HTMLCSS website we created a while ago. I created the roll over buttons in the header so a blue, rounded background would appear when a user hovers over them. It works perfectly on every browser except Google Chrome. p  pIn Chrome it appears when you hover over it minus the left rounded side and then the far left side of the blue background swipes down slowly until it is the image I want. p  pBelow is a screenshot of the menu buttons I have so far and the look at how the delayed loading of the background looks. The Home Button is how the blue background should flash in as. Simple appear effect nothing too fancy and the Remote Monitoring button is where I caught the loading issue with a well timed screenshot.p  pHere is the screenshot s23.postimg.orgcwkbs5wsrwploadingissue.pngp  pI have tried a bunch of different fixes and nothing seems to be working, again this is only an issue on the Google Chrome browser not IE or Firefox when I checked those.p  pAny ideas for troubleshooting this would be very much appreciated. p
Negative 802 pCan anyone tell me how to stop iterating on first failure of a datadriven coded ui test  I have hundreds of iterations and I want to know something failed before having it complete.  Meaning, I dont want to have to wait hours to know that the first iteration has failed.  Is this possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have the following question. I use qt for GUI. And I need tooltips with animated gif. Is it possible to show tooltip with animated gif  Ive managed to create tooltip with png or jpeg, but no gif..p
Negative 802 pIm having a project that does lots of thisp  precodeif LINUXVERSIONCODE lt KERNELVERSION2,6,37  do some legacy stuff else  do current stuff endif codepre  pwhere codeKERNELVERSIONcode is defined asp  precodedefine KERNELVERSIONa,b,c a ltlt 16  b ltlt 8  c codepre  pId like to eliminate the defines that are not relevant for the current version, but tools like codesunifdefcode dont evaluate the codeKERNELVERSIONcode macro, so something likep  precode sunifdef replace DKERNELVERSIONa,b,caltlt16bltlt8c DLINUXVERSIONCODE3.13.1  codepre  pfails with the messagep  blockquote   psunifdef error 0x04200 Garbage in argument DKERNELVERSIONa,b,caltlt16bltlt8cp blockquote  pHow do I get around thisp
Negative 802 pIm beginning now with Scrapy, and I got how to take the content I wanted from a sport page name and team of a soccer player, but I need to follow the links searching for more teams, every team page have a link to players page, the structure of website link is  p  pteam page a hrefhttpesporte.uol.com.brfutebolclubesvitoria relnofollowhttpesporte.uol.com.brfutebolclubesvitoriaa players page a hrefhttpesporte.uol.com.brfutebolclubesvitoriajogadores relnofollowhttpesporte.uol.com.brfutebolclubesvitoriajogadoresap  pIve read some Scrapy tutorials and Im thinking the team pages I have to follow links and dont parse nothing, and the players page I have to nofollow and parse the players, I dont know if Im right with this idea and wrong with the syntax, of if my idea of follow is wrong, any help is welcome.p  phere is my codep  precodeclass MoneyballSpiderBaseSpider     name  moneyball     alloweddomains  [esporte.uol.com.br, click.uol.com.br, uol.com.br]     starturls  [httpesporte.uol.com.brfutebolclubesvitoriajogadores]      rules           RuleSgmlLinkExtractorallowr.futebolclubes., , denyr.futebolclubes.jogadores, , follow  True,         RuleSgmlLinkExtractorallowr.futebolclubes.jogadores, , callbackparse, follow  True,               def parseself, response         hxs  HtmlXPathSelectorresponse         jogadores  hxs.selectdiv[idjogadores]divulli         items  []         for jogador in jogadores             item  JogadorItem             item[nome]  jogador.selecth5atext.extract             item[time]  hxs.selectdiv[classheader clube]h1atext.extract             items.appenditem             print item[nome], item[time]         return items codepre
Negative 802 pI have the following pivot table in pandasp  precodeRating                      1   2   3   4   5 MovieTitle                                    1900 1994                2   0   1   2   0 101 Dalmatians 1996      15  17  46  25   6 12 Angry Men 1957         0   1  15  49  60 187 1997                  5   8  13  11   4 codepre  pI need to create a new column by calculating the weighted score.  The formula will yield the score for the movie 101 Dalmatians 1996 as suchp  precodescore  151  172  463  254  65 codepre  pMay I know how can I do that Thanksp
Negative 802 pWhat i didp  ul liDownload the latest phantomjs 1.9.2, windowsli liDownload the latest sources of highchartsconvert.js from github note download the whole directoryli liStart phantomjs with convert script in server modeli ul  pcode binphantomjs.exe debugyes jshighchartsconvert.js host 127.0.0.1 port 3003 codep  ul liUse CURL to send example json to phantomjs serverli ul  pcode curl H ContentType applicationjson X POST d infilexAxis categories [Jan, Feb, Mar],series [data [29.9, 71.5, 106.4]] 127.0.0.13003 codep  pWhat I gotp  pcode Failed rendering SyntaxError Unable to parse JSON string codep  pNote This is running fine on the command linep  pcode binphantomjs jshighchartsconvert.js infile options.json outfile chart.svg codep
Negative 802 pSo, what I stumbled upon is that p  precodestdmapltdouble, intgt map1 stdmapltdouble, intgt map2  map1[2.5]  11 map1[3.5]  12  map2[2.5]  21 map2[3.5]  22  stdmapltdouble, intgtiterator iterMap1  map1.find2.5  I will now try to erase a keyvalue pair in map2 with an iterator  that points to map1. This is badwrong. But I am surprised  this is allowed.  map2.eraseiterMap1   what do you think would be printed printmap1 printmap2 codepre  pCan someone please explain this behavior I believe this shouldnt be allowed.p  pThe output that I get isp  precodeMap1 2.5 11  Map2 2.5 21 3.5 22 codepre  pThis doesnt make sense to me. Thanks.p
Negative 802 pI am writing an object oriented program that takes in the name and values for a certain object then gives the total sum of the values and its average. So the purpose of the program is to have the user input as many values as he or she wants and then enter a value less than 0 to exit. Then program churns out the total sum of entered values and its average. Problem is the loop takes in the sentinel value as a value for the object. How do I prevent thisp  precodeimport java.util.Scanner  public class TestStudent  public static void mainString[] args  Scanner sc  new ScannerSystem.in     Student s  new Student s.setName sc.nextLine    System.out.println Please enter in scores and to stop enter a score less than 0   int x  0 while  x gt 0   x  sc.nextInt if x gt 0           s.addQuiz sc.nextInt    else break   System.out.println s.getName  System.out.println s.totalScore  System.out.println s.averageScore   codepre  pThese are the mutators and accessors I am using.p  precodepublic int totalScore  return quiz   public void addQuizint score  quiz  quiz  score num   public double averageScore  average  quiznum return average   codepre
Negative 802 pI have a performance question.p  pI am parsing large text files bills and assigning the name of the service provider to a variable based on if certain text appears on the bill.p  pThis is a small sample of what I WAS doing dont laugh, I know its messy. All in all, There are approximately 250 if, else ifs.p  precodeif txtvar.BillText.IndexOfSWGAS.COM gt 1            txtvar.Provider  Southwest Gas     else if txtvar.BillText.IndexOfgeorgiapower.com gt 1            txtvar.Provider  Georgia Power     else if txtvar.BillText.IndexOfCity of Austin gt 1            txtvar.Provider  City of Austin     codepre  p And so on and forth 250 timesp  pBecause it grew so big I decided to take a different approach to be cleaner and more efficient. I ended up implementing a mapping, which I store in an external .psv file. p  pI save that mapping to a variable this only runs once and takes about 35 milliseconds...p  precodevar providerMap                      System.IO.File.ReadLinesUProgramApplicationFilesProvidersList.psv                     .Selectline gt line.Split                     .Selectparts gt new Provider  Pattern  parts[0], Name  parts[1] .ToList codepre  p...and then loop through each bill assigning the provider takes about 2 milliseconds while the if statements took less than half the time....p  precodeforeach string bills in files                                                                      string Provider  providerMap.Firstp gt txtvar.BillText.IndexOfp.Pattern gt 1.Name                                     OtherStuff                                  codepre  pWhile this solution is much cleaner, its surprisingly a lot slower than 250 if, else ifs. I used the stopwatch method to find out that the cleaner method is actually twice as slow as hundreds of if statements. I tested bills that were towards the beginning and end of the if statements and mapping with similar resultsp  pCan anybody explain this to me Maybe Im doing something wrong Thanksp
Negative 802 pI have a JibGrid DataGrid like so JibGrid is an opensource relatively simple subclass of a standard DataGrid to implement stuff like filtering etcp  precodeltdataGridJibGrid ItemsSourceBinding AvailableRDs                              FilteredItemsSourceBinding AvailableRDs                             SelectedItemBinding SelectedAvailRD                              AutoGenerateColumnsFalse gt     ltdataGridJibGrid.Columnsgt         ltDataGridCheckBoxColumn HeaderAdd BindingBinding Add VisibilityBinding GetAddVisibilitygt         ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderTag BindingBinding Tag gt         ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderRevision Tag BindingBinding RevisionTag gt         ltDataGridTextColumn HeaderCurrent System BindingBinding SystemStr gt     ltdataGridJibGrid.Columnsgt ltdataGridJibGridgt codepre  pThe intent is that there is a custom class for each row that provides properties for the content of each cell in that row  Tag, RevisionTag, etc. All of that works fine. What I cant get to work is that Visibility binding. I would like for the checkbox in each row to be invisible if the CanAdd property on the class representing that Row in the DataContext returns False. When I add the Visibility binding in XAML as above, it seems that what happens is that WPF attempts to apply this binding to the actual column instead of for each row, so the binding fails to connect. I can go in using WPF explorer and manually bind a rows checkbox visibility DependencyProperty to the CanAdd property of the Rows datacontext, and that works fine, but I cant figure out how to, in XAML or code, cause it to generate that binding for the checkbox in every row automatically. Anybody have any ideas on thatp  pI have searched around for questions like this, and it seems that, for some reason, everybody wants to change the visibility of the column itself based on something in the datacontext of the whole grid, and nobody else wants to change the visibility of things in individual rows based on that rows datacontext. I tried the solution a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions7660967wpferrorcannotfindgoveringframeworkelementfortargetelementherea while I was trying to figure this out, and thats what that answer is trying to do.p
Negative 802 pLooking for a fast way to get a row in a pandas dataframe into a ordered dict with out using list. List are fine but with large data sets will take to long. I am using fiona GIS reader and the rows are ordereddicts with the schema giving the data type. I use pandas to join data. I many cases the rows will have different types so I was thinking turning into a numpy array with type string might do the trick. p
Negative 802 pI have got a subscribe form with several tabs. You can click backwards and forwards in this form. p  pFor drop downs I use a jquery to preselect a previous choice, so people do not have to reanswer this specific question on clicking backwards. p  pThis script works fine for Chrome and Firefox, however for Safari it does not work at all. Somehow I just cant get this to work.p  pCan you please have a look at it and tell me what I am doing wrongp  pthe script p  precodeif repeatvisit        repeatVisit.findoption.eachfunction         if this.val  repeatvisit              this.attrselected,selected                codepre  pThe attribute is set to the option so it looks like     Yesp  pI can see this does happen, but it seems that Safari does not change the page when the selected attribute is added after the page load. So somehow I need to trigger this change event. p
Negative 802 pI tried this in Test.javap  precodeString regex  ltsbrssgt  String test1  lt br gt  System.out.printlntest.replaceAllregex,   codepre  pBut when I try the same thing in a velocity template     p  precodesetbrRegex  ltsbrssgt setimageDescription  imageDescription.replaceAllbrRegex,    codepre  pAndp  precodesetimageDescription  imageDescription.replaceAllltsbrssgt,   codepre  pBoth dont work. Am I missing somethingp
Negative 802 pI have a scenario where i want to shows the hours that various employees worked in a given week in a summary table. The structure of the sample data is shown belowp  precodedays  Mon,Tues,Wed,Thurs,Fri,Sat  list of working days employees    the hours for each employee and day     Mongt4h,Frigt8h      Mongt4h,Tuesgt8h,Thursgt8h,Satgt2h  codepre  pIm using this mustache template to build the table and the first row of day column headers.p  precodelttable width100 class table1gt   display all the days lttheadgt     lttrgt      days      ltthgt . ltthgt      days      lttrgt lttheadgt   sudo logic employee  list all the employees lttrgt      days   iterate all the days         employee.day.  if employee this day              lttdgtemployee.hourslttdgt                  else             lttdgtlttdgt empty cell      days  lttrgt employee  lttablegt codepre  pIm wondering is it possible to use matching logic to ensure each hours field of the employee array appears under the correct day column. I appreciate restructuring the data in the arrays could make the template simple for the moment lets assume i cant.p
Negative 802 pI know there are many post like this, but most of them are related to a wrong API key but this is not my case.p  pI know that the API key is OK, as if i change it i will get an authorization error. And from the API console, if i go to Reports i can see all my request.p  pI followed the official tutorial, i read it 10 times  a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.commapsdocumentationandroidstart relnofollowhttpsdevelopers.google.commapsdocumentationandroidstartap  pSomething strange to be noticed p  pWhen the fragment is display for the first time, the grid is blank. But if i turn off the screen, then turn it on onResum the map appears but it stuck, i cant move the map or use zoom controller And, if from my fragment, i center the map on a location, the map is centered. So forget about API key stuff.p  pHere is my manifest p  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt        ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid        packagecom.restoaparis        androidversionCode1         androidversionName1.0gt         ltusessdk androidminSdkVersion11 androidtargetSdkVersion17 gt         ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNETgt        ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATEgt        ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGEgt        ltusespermission    androidnamecom.google.android.providers.gsf.permission.READGSERVICESgt         lt The following two permissions are not required to use  Google Maps Android API v2, but are recommended. gt        ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSCOARSELOCATIONgt        ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSFINELOCATIONgt   ltusesfeature androidglEsVersion0x00020000 androidrequiredtruegt      ltapplication androidicondrawableicon androidlabelstringappname          androidthemeandroidstyleTheme.Black.NoTitleBar gt         ltactivity androidname.StartActivity               androidlabelstringappname        androidthemestyleFapiaoTheme androidscreenOrientationportrait         gt              ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt             ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltactivitygt         ltmetadata androidnamecom.google.android.maps.v2.APIKEY         androidvalueMYKEYgt   ltapplicationgt codepre  pp  pHere is my layout p  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt     ltfragment xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid       androidididmap       androidlayoutwidthmatchparent       androidlayoutheightmatchparent       androidnamecom.google.android.gms.maps.SupportMapFragmentgt codepre  pHere is my fragment as you can see i use Sherlockp  precode    public class FragmentContact extends SherlockFragment             public void onActivityCreatedBundle savedInstanceState                 super.onCreatesavedInstanceState               public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState                   View view  inflater.inflateR.layout.plan2 , container, false              return view                  codepre  pOf course, i got no error, no warning, from logcat.p  pI just got some debug message about memory , i dont think it has anything to do whith my problem.p  pdevpmem Mapped buffer base0x559da000 size9539584 offset7798784 fd115p  pI add googleplayservice as library of my eclipse projectp  pAny idea  please help mep  pi m nice guy, i deserve itp
Negative 802 pIs the time complexity when it comes to maps AND sets the same for operations like insertion, removal, search  I read somewhere that underlying structure is a hash table meaning that time would be constant o1  is that always the case p
Negative 802 pHow can I pause a macro work on a sheet creating several graphs, study them, study various cells and then resume the macro  p  pI have tried using codeMsgBoxcode which pauses the macro but will not let me work on the sheet. I have done numerous Google searches to no avail.p
Negative 802 pWhen I am trying to delete below Customer object from a REST controller getting strongemRemoving a detached instanceemstrong exception.p  pstrongLOGstrongp  precodeorg.springframework.dao.InvalidDataAccessApiUsageException Removing a detached instance com.test.model.Customer1750 nested exception is java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Removing a detached instance com.test.model.Customer1750 codepre  pstrongDomainstrongp  precodeEntity public class Customer  Id private Long id  OneToOnefetch  FetchType.EAGER JoinColumnnameCOUNTRYID, nullablefalse private Country country   other stuff with getterssetters   codepre  pstrongREST Controllerstrongp  precodeController RequestMappingshopservicescustomers public class CustomerRESTController             Deletes a customer           RequestMapping valueid, methodRequestMethod.DELETE     ResponseStatusHttpStatus.NOCONTENT     public void deleteCustomerPathVariable Long id, HttpServletRequest request, HttpServletResponse response throws Exception           Customer customer  customerService.getByIdid         ifcustomer  null             customerService.deletecustomer         else             response.sendError503, No Customer found for ID    id                     other stuff  codepre  pI am getting Customer object from Data Base, however still hibernate complaining.  Any suggestionp
Negative 802 pIm trying to pass audio into an android phone through the headphone jack from an external player. I am reasonably sure it can be done for two reasons  p  p1 The square card reader works by sending its information through the headphone jack, so it can handle information input. a hrefhttpssquareup.comreader relnofollowhttpssquareup.comreaderabr 2 In order to get the audio from the player to the phone, I will be using a normal auxaux cable, similar to those used connecting a music player to speakers. The fact that the audio can be passed to the speakers through a simple two ring cable. I know usually the two rings are used only for output with a third ring for input, but it seems to me this would suggest they are capable of inputting without the third ring.  p  pMy problem is there doesnt seem to be any api to deal with input through the headphone jack, and no one seems to know how the square reader works, or deals with the input. It looks like AudioRecord, a hrefhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidmediaAudioRecord.html relnofollowhttpdeveloper.android.comreferenceandroidmediaAudioRecord.htmla, could have some potential to work, but it seems to need the size to be specified ahead of time, which is not ideal.  p  pSo if anyone could help me with any information on AudioRecord and how it works, or an alternative way of dealing with the input, Id appreciate it. Also if someone  knows for sure if I am correct in thinking the two ring cable can deal with input, that would also help a lot. Thanks.p
Negative 802 pfIve made a multiline chart and I want to manage empty values. I have 2 kinds of empty value  and   so I use this to map the csvp  precodevar column  color.domain.mapfunctionname    return      name name,     values data.mapfunctiond        ifd[name]    d[name]            if the data is empty I store it in d.vale as a string         return name name, id d.id, value d[name]              else         if the value is not empty I store it in d.value as number and replacing the coma with a dot replacedot function         return name name, id d.id, value replacereplacedotd[name]                  codepre  pThan inside line.defined I check if d.vale is not a string and if not I return itp  precodevar line  d3.svg.line .definedfunctiond  iftypeof d.value  string return d.value codepre  pThis work fine to escape the empty value, but if there is a 0.0 value in the dataset it is escaped to...p  pHow can I fix itp  pThanks Danielep
Negative 802 pHere is the code for quickselectp  precodedef quickSelectlst, k if lenlst  0     pivot  lst[lenlst  2]     smallerList  []     for i in lst         if i lt pivot             smallerList.appendi     largerList  []     for i in lst         if i gt pivot             largerList.appendi     count  lenlst  lensmallerList  lenlargerList     m  lensmallerList     if k gt m and k lt m  count         return pivot         printpivot     elif m gt k         return quickSelectsmallerList, k     else         return quickSelectlargerList, kmcount codepre  pthe issue I am having with it is that it runs with no errors or anything, but when it completes itself I am expecting it to output something to the python shell in this specific case a median of a list, but I get nothing back. Am I doing something wrong herep  pAs for what I am inputting for lst and k....p  ul lilst  [70, 120, 170, 200]li lik  lenlst  2li ul  pI have tried it with a few different k values as well but to no availp
Negative 802 pI am trying to achieve concurrentparallel processing in my requirement, but I did not get appropriate help in my multiple attempts in this regard. p  pI have 5 remote directories  which may be added or removed which contains log files, I want to Dow load them for every 15 minutes to my local directory and want to perform Lucene indexing after completion of ftp transfer job, I want to add routers dynamically. p  pSince all those remote machines are different end points , and different routes. I dont have any particular end point to kickoff all these. p  precodeStart  ltparallelgt         ltdownload remote dir from sftp1gt        ltdownload remote dir from sftp2gt           ....  ltparallelgt ltAfter above task completegt ltstart Lucene indexinggt ltendgt codepre  pRepeat above for every 15 minutes, p  pI want to download all folders paralally, Kindly suggest the solution if anybody worked on similar requirement. p  pI would like to know how to startinitiate these multiple routes like this multiple remote directories should be kick started when I dont have a starter end point. I would like to start all ftp operations parallel and on completing those then indexing. Thanks for taking time to reading this post , I really appreciate your help.p  pI tried like this, p  precodefrom beanfoo Methodstart.multicast .to directa.to directb...   From directa .from sftpxxx.to localdir  from directb.from sftpxxx.to localdir  codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to scan hundreds of folders each containing an excel file.p  pHeres the simplified workflowp  ul liscan folders in loopli liget first folder name and run it trough some regex to get some info from the nameli liopen the folder and open the excel file insideli liscan excel file for infos with PHPExcelli lisave everything to Databaseli ul  pOk so all this is working just fine, except when i run into an excel file which is corrupted.p  pThe problem then is that the PHPEXCEL library cant read it and it throughs back a Notice Undefined offset and this breaks my strongforeachstrong loop.p  pstrongSo here is what Im looking forstrong ema way to somehow skip or something the erros and notices and continue with the next folder and fileem.p  pIs there a way Thanks for any help.p  pOk so here is the foreach loopp  precodeforeach inputFileName as key gt fileName  objReader  PHPExcelIOFactoryloadfileName  activeSheet  objReadergtgetActiveSheetgttoArraynull,false,true,false  echo ltpregt     echo key echo ltpregt  codepre
Negative 802 pI want to create a extra function for our Company Google Apps.p  pI want to add the a button functionality in gmail that will forward all selected emails. Somehow Gmail does not have Bulk Forwarding.p  pAnyway I know its possible with a Google Speadsheet and all but it needs to be more friendly then that.p  pNow companies like streak and boomerang use a chrome Extension to Schedule certain emails. I know how to get the listarray of selected emails with javascript in a chrome extension.p  pBut after getting that list I want to be able to use the Google Apps Script to get the ThreadIDs and collect all their data and Forward the emails.p  pI know how to get the thread data and forward it seperately in Google apps script.p  pI have no Idea how to combine these too.p
Negative 802 pI have my main application css and I want to exclude my backend stylesheets since the styles all bleed over when application.css executed coderequiretree .code p  pI currently have my folders setup like sop  precodeassets       stylesheets        main application.css other css files for front end        backend backend.css other css files for back end codepre  pMy application.css is as followsp  precode  requireself  require foundationandoverrides  requiretree .main  codepre  pbackend.cssp  precode   requireself   require foundationandoverrides   requiretree .backend   codepre  pin my application.rbp  precodeconfig.assets.precompile  [application.css, backend.css] codepre  pmy development.rbp  precode config.cacheclasses  false     Do not eager load code on boot.   config.eagerload  false     Show full error reports and disable caching.   config.considerallrequestslocal        true   config.actioncontroller.performcaching  false     Dont care if the mailer cant send.   config.actionmailer.raisedeliveryerrors  false     Print deprecation notices to the Rails logger.   config.activesupport.deprecation  log     Raise an error on page load if there are pending migrations   config.activerecord.migrationerror  pageload     Debug mode disables concatenation and preprocessing of assets.    This option may cause significant delays in view rendering with a large    number of complex assets.   config.assets.debug  true codepre  pI tried moving the stylesheets around and playing with different directories, but I would either have the stylesheet not load at all or would receive could not find foundationandoverrides...p  pIs there an easy clean way to do this strongI just want to exclude a couple stylesheets from being compiled with application.cssstrongp
Negative 802 pI am trying to trigger a method in the backing bean on load. Whenever the link is clicked it throws a NPE , any idea why, Ive included snippets of my code below.p  precode   Error    listeneruserController.validate java.lang.NullPointerException javax.el.ELException codepre  hr  precode lthform idreggt         lthoutputLabel valuePromo gt          lthinputText idpromocode valueuserController.promocodegt             ltfajax renderpromoimage eventblur listeneruserController.validategt         lthinputTextgt            lthcommandLink iddummyclick valuelinkgt             ltfajax eventclick renderpromoimage listeneruserController.validategt         lthcommandLinkgt      lthformgt codepre  hr  precodeManagedBeanname  userController, eager true SessionScoped public class UserController implements Serializable      public void validateAjaxBehaviorEvent event         ........           codepre  hr  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.getElementByIdregdummyclick.click ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 802 pWhat is the best way to update an element in a collection using lenses For examplep    pre classlangscala prettyprintoverridecodecase class Ingredientname String, quantity Int case class Recipeval ingredients List[Ingredient] codepre  pIf I want to use lenses to create a new recipe with the quantity of a single ingredient changed, whats the best way of doing itp  pThe approach Ive tried is to create a lens on the fly codeLens[List[Ingredient], Ingredient]code. This feels a little clunky thoughp  pre classlangscala prettyprintoverridecodecase class Recipeval ingredients List[Ingredient]    import Recipe.   def changeIngredientQuantityingredientName String, newQuantity Int       val lens  ingredientsLens gtgt ingredientLensingredientName gtgt Ingredient.quantityLens     lens.setthis, newQuantity      object Recipe    val ingredientsLens  Lens.lensu[Recipe, List[Ingredient]]     r, i gt r.copyingredients  i,     r gt r.ingredients      def ingredientLensname String  Lens.lensu[List[Ingredient], Ingredient]     is, i gt is.map x gt if x.name  name i else x,     is gt is.findi gt i.name  name.get      case class Ingredientname String, quantity Int  object Ingredient    val quantityLens  Lens.lensu[Ingredient, Int]     i, q gt i.copyquantity  q,     i gt i.quantity     codepre
Negative 802 pI have a kendoui panelbar and i am dynamically adding items to it, I dont get the ngclick event for those items.p  phere is I am fetching items and appending to panelbar.p  precodehttp.getpeople.successfunction data      var arr  []     if data.success          .eachdata.result, function k, v              var item                   text v.name,                 items [                     text email   v.email                 ,                      text ltdivgtltbutton classkbutton ngclickeditgtEditltbuttongtltdivgt,                     encoded false                  ]                          arr.pushitem                   usersPanelBar.appendarr, usersPanelBar.element.childrenlilast       codepre  pThis is my controllerp  precodefunction userControllerscope, http, location, cookieStore      scope.edit  function           alertWill this work         not workng       codepre
Negative 802 pIs it just me or is the a hrefhttpsdeveloper.android.comreferencecomgoogleandroidgmsgamesmultiplayerrealtimeRoom.htmlgetCreatorId2829 relnofollowgetCreatorIda method in Room not unique for automatch gamesp  pI have some logic in my game that is based on a unique entity deciding things, such as which player belongs on which team. Each client waits to receive this information from the host which is the room creator in this case before launching into and setting up the game.p  precodeOverride public void onRoomConnectedint status, Room room     Game Lobby is full   if status  GamesClient.STATUSOK      return       this.room  room     Assign the players teams   if room.getParticipantIdactivity.gameHelperManager.gameHelper.getGamesClient.getCurrentPlayerId.equalsroom.getCreatorId     Some logic here   activity.androidManager.sendMessageData Sent Here    activity.game.startGameGameType.MULTIPLAYER     codepre  pOn the other side of thingsp  precodeOverride public void onRealTimeMessageReceivedRealTimeMessage message      Get Message from host about game specific properties is here   if data.containsMessage Tag Here       Parse information     activity.game.startGameGameType.MULTIPLAYER     codepre  pHowever, each client views itself as the host in the a hrefhttpsdeveloper.android.comreferencecomgoogleandroidgmsgamesmultiplayerrealtimeRoomUpdateListener.htmlonRoomConnected relnofollowonRoomConnecteda method during an automatch type game.p  pIs there a solution to this or am I missing something fundamentalp
Negative 802 pCan we show gridlines at the base value or tip of each bars in a barchart using coreplotiOS.p  pIf there is any approach to do this suggest me.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAXl09.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pIm considering converting my existing MVC 4 which is currently using ASP.NET membership for authentication and authorization to the new ASP.NET Identity model now available in MVC 5 and the like recently released with VS 2013.  Aside from upgrading to MVC 5, does anyone have thoughts on what would be needed to convert the application to this new framework with the least impact on existing users  p  pIdeally Id like to preserve their password hashes and salts to keep from forcing users to change their password after the conversion.  Also, there has been talk of implementing Federation as an alternate login for some clients so Id need to use the claims capabilities in the new system too.  p  pAny feedback would be appreciated.  p
Negative 802 pbr This might be probably a bizarre question that someone might have asked in history of this platform. But its better to ask and gain knowledge as much as possible. brbrp  pI am total noob to app development, hence started my way with phonegap and jQuery Mobile. Anyways, the app Im targeting to build is merely a static website converted to an app. But for a marketing trick, I would like to have some social shoutouts from the app itself to facebook, twitter, etc. for apps link on google play strongemExamplestrong Hey, I have just started using this app, and its awesome, download here the linkem brbrp  pMy Main question however is, is there any way to accomplish this If yes, Ill be grateful to know. However, if it still not exists, I being a total noob, would like to know how to just post simple text on social sites what steps to follow from the phonegap app itself without crashing it. Note I am using the cordovaeclipse platform and not the phonegap build. br Thanks in advancebr Cheers.brp
Negative 802 pI recently began attempting to program avery simple OS, and used this a hrefhttpmikeos.berlios.dewriteyourownos.html relnofollowtutoriala to create a simple bootloader in Assembly. Now, I want to run a c program from the bootloader. How would I accomplish this on Ubuntu Any help is greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pHow to fix this error GC overhead limit exceeded in Eclipse. This problem was occurred when I used graphical layout from ADT android.p
Negative 802 pBased on this a hrefhttpsevenzip.sourceforge.jpchmcmdlinesyntax.htm relnofollowsourcea, the following should work for the 7zip command line toolp  precode7zG a tzip C20131024archive.zip Carchive 20131024 codepre  pThe goal is to zip all the files containing the date in the name. However, this is not working for me as it zips all the files without the date filter.p  pIve tried all sorts of variants without success. What am I doing wrongp
Negative 802 pTo create a webView recently I was using webViewClient. codemWebView.setWebViewClientnew WebViewClientcodep  pBut I need to implement a progress bar. When user clicks a link, this progress bar will be visible. After page complete, progressbar will be hidden and webView will be visible. Regarding to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions4947919dynamicprogressbarinandroidwebviewthisa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11241513androidprogessbarwhileloadingwebviewlq1thisa, So I added a WebChromeClient. But it loads first URL, but when I click a button inside my web page, a dialog opens and asks to open URL with which application.p  pI read that I should override codeshouldOverrideUrlLoadingcode method. but I get an error that shouldOverrideUrlLoading cant be overriden for codeWebChromeClientcode.p  pI would be happy if you can give an example that has progressbar and webView, also opens new URLs inside the same webView.p  precodepublic class WebActivity extends Activity      WebView mWebView     ProgressBar mProgress     Context mContext     ProgressBar mProgressBar     Override    public void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState        this.mContext  getApplicationContext        super.onCreatesavedInstanceState       setContentViewR.layout.web        mWebView  WebView findViewByIdR.id.webview        mWebView.setWebChromeClientnew myWebChromeClient       mWebView.getSettings.setJavaScriptEnabledtrue       mWebView.getSettings.setUserAgentStringmyApp        mProgressBar  ProgressBar findViewByIdR.id.webProgressBar       mProgressBar.setMax100       public class myWebChromeClient extends WebChromeClient        Override       public boolean shouldOverrideUrlLoadingWebView view, String url            view.loadUrlurl           return false              Override       public void onProgressChangedWebView view, int newProgress            WebActivity.this.setValuenewProgress           super.onProgressChangedview, newProgress            codepre
Negative 802 pI have a function which accepts a string and outputs it one character at a time with a delay. The event occurs when the user clicks a link or button. The problem is that if the user clicks a link and then another before the first one is done, they both run at the same time and output to the screen. It becomes jumbled up. ex string1  i like pie very much string1  so does the next guy output   i sloi kdeo epse .... and so on.p  pAnyone know a method to fix this I think I need a way to check if the function is being processed already, then wait till it is done before starting the next.p
Negative 802 pI have been given code to implement a save action, however when I put the code in I got an errorp  pIllegal modifier for the class saveAction only abstract or final is permitted. p  pCodep  precodeprotected void initialiseActions      TODO initalise your actions here      public class SaveAction extends AbstractAction            public SaveActionString text, ImageIcon icon, String desc, Integer mnemonic                supertext, icon                putValueSHORTDESCRIPTION, desc                putValueMNEMONICKEY, mnemonic                             public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                     Just print out a message for now.                    System.out.printlnSave                          Action saveAction  new SaveActionSave, new ImageIconimgsave.png, Save the image,              KeyEvent.VKS     codepre  pAny help would be appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 802 pi have an asp.net mvc4 application with Razor, in which i d like to add a report codeCrystal Reportscode. So i create a folder AspxPages and i added an codeAspxcode view. Besides, i have in my models the class Result that id like to view a codeListltResultgtcode like thisp  precodeListltElementgt elemlist  notrechef.GetListElementByProjectidproject ListltResultgt model  new ListltResultgt foreach Element e in elemlist       Result r  new Resulte.Idelement    model.Addr  string strReportName string rapportName  strReportName  Current.rpt rapportName  Resultat Actuel du test  ReportDocument rd  new ReportDocument  the Rapport path RptsstrReportName  string strRptPath       System.Web.HttpContext.Current.Server.MapPath  Rpts           strReportName  rd.LoadstrRptPath foreach Result res in model      rd.SetParameterValuecategory, res.Catgorie     rd.SetParameterValuesf, res.Sousfonctionnalit     rd.SetParameterValueconcept, res.Concept     rd.SetParameterValueexpert, res.Expert     rd.SetParameterValueproperty, res.Proprits     rd.SetParameterValuef, res.Fonction     rd.SetParameterValueavis, res.Avis     rd.SetParameterValuejustification, res.Justification     if final  0             rd.SetParameterValuetitre, Resultat actuel du test          else              rd.SetParameterValuetitre, Resultat final du test       rd.ExportToHttpResponseExportFormatType.PortableDocFormat,     System.Web.HttpContext.Current.Response, false, rapportName  return RedirectToActionDisplayChefAttempt, newidproject  idproject codepre  pIn the report, I added the required fields. My problem is that only the last object codeResultcode in the list is shown in the report not all the list in different pages.p  pSo what is the problem How can I fix itp
Negative 802 pI am creating an app in which i want to fetch data from the database local.I am having 3 tables. what i want is when i fetch a data from first table say from employe details i check few condition if employee is superuser then it will fetch data from second table project details.So what i want is when the employee is Superuser it should start to execute the data fetch from second table and then move further. But what happening is when it get the superuser condition and as soon as it found tx.executeSql function inside it makes the thread and continue the further execution from the first table and after completing it start executing data from project details. Can any one help to make this execution work in flow that i want.p  precodefunction getusersdetails          db.transactionfunctiontx             tx.executeSqlselect  from users,[],functiontx,results                 var dataset  results.rows.length                 ifdatasetgt0                                      forvar i0iltdataseti                                              ifresults.rows.itemi.employtype SU                                                      tx.executeSqlSelect  from accessRites where userId  results.rows.itemi.userid,[],functiontx,result                                 some execution here                                                                               else ifresults.rows.itemi.employtype Manager                                                              tx.executeSqlSelect  from usergroups where userId   results.rows.itemi.userid,[],functiontx,results                                      some execution here                                                                                       else                                                      some execution here                                                  here some usere execution                                                              codepre  pIn the above code when a user type is su it then instead of execting the second second function as soon as it detects the tx.executeSql function it continue the first query exeution and then runs  the  tx.execute in the SU condition what i want is if user type is Su it should then complete the tx.excute function inside it and then continue the further execution because there data is need in the last.  Any idea is appreciated. Thanks in advance.   p
Negative 802 pIm not getting any error message, but Im also not getting any results from this query. I am just trying to get the password hash that is associated with the email provided. What am I doing wrongp  precodeselectEmailStmt  DBHgtprepareSELECT passHash FROM userbasicinfo WHERE email selectEmailStmtgtbindParam1, email email  POST[email] selectEmailStmtgtexecute selectEmailStmtgtsetFetchModePDOFETCHASSOC result  selectEmailStmtgtfetch   echo result codepre
Negative 802 pWas wondering if anyone would be so kind to point me in the right direction on how to call a third partys C DLL in C. The API is closed source but the header files are available.  Ive read up on using PInvoke but after further diving, its leading to marshalling very complex data structures across, and thats IF I can do the declarations for the third party classesfunctions. p  pIf theres any reading material  tutorials out there you can recommend or just point me in the right direction, I would appreciate it. p  pThanks so much in advancep
Negative 802 pI have the html code as belowp  precodelttable classtableinscriptiongt      lttrgt             lttd colspan2gtltlabel classsocial fbgtltp classnonetextgtFacebookltpgtltlabelgt ltinput classtext social typetext namefacebook valueltfacebookgt gtlttdgt             lttd colspan2gtltlabel classsocial socialright skgtltp classnonetextgtSoundClickltpgtltlabelgt ltinput classtext social typetext namesoundclick valueltsoundclickgt gtlttdgt                                       lttrgt     lttablegt codepre  pAnd I want to change it to p  precodelttable classtableinscriptiongt      lttrgt             lttd colspan2gtltlabel classsocial fbgtltp classnonetextgtFacebookltpgtltlabelgt ltinput classtext social typetext namefacebook valueltfacebookgt gtlttdgt     lttrgt     lttrgt             lttd colspan2gtltlabel classsocial socialright skgtltp classnonetextgtSoundClickltpgtltlabelgt ltinput classtext social typetext namesoundclick valueltsoundclickgt gtlttdgt                                   lttrgt     lttablegt codepre  pBy using CSS JQUERY and other method ,someone know please help me please, Thanksp
Negative 802 pIm working on an .cshtml page that requires some basic inline styling for print only. I was going to use the codemedia printcode media query, however, this being an cshtml page, it breaks my page. Is there any way to get around this p  pIts the codecode symbol in codemedia printcode that is breaking it.p
Negative 802 precodepublic int example1int a, int b      if a gt b          return true      else          return false        public int example2int a, int b      if a gt b          return true          return false  codepre  pIs there a preferred standard for these two function As in, should if always be followed by else in functions like thisp  pEdit For example, I have seen equals defined like the following Are some of you saying you would remove the elsep  precodepublic boolean equalsObject otherObject      if otherObject  null         return false     else if getClass  otherObject.getClass         return false     else              MyClass otherMyClass  MyClass otherObject         return variable.equalsotherMyClass.variable       codepre
Negative 802 pIm using Joomla 3 for a project and am happy that they added jQuery to the CMS. The approved way to add jQuery UI support is by adding codeJHtmljquery.uicode to the head of your document.p  pHowever, they only support a minimal set of widgets. If I want to use a nonstandard widget like Progress Bar for example, how can I add this without adding redundantly the required jQuery core elements that come with the jQuery downloaderp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIs it possible this, since when I try out it seems OnKeyUp event doesnt fire in FF, IE   This scenario is in static html and ajax also.p  precodeltselect namepcatgt     ltoption value1 onkeyupscript1event,thisgtEmployeeltoptiongt     ltoption value2 onkeyupscript1event,thisgtSupervisorltoptiongt     ltoption value3 onkeyupscript1event,thisgtHeadltoptiongt     ltoption value4 onkeyupscript1event,thisgtManagerltoptiongt     ltoption value5 onkeyupscript1event,thisgtCEOltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pMy workaround is p  precodeltselect namepcat onkeyupscriptevent,thisgt     ltoption value1gtEmployeeltoptiongt     ltoption value2gtSupervisorltoptiongt     ltoption value3gtHeadltoptiongt     ltoption value4gtManagerltoptiongt     ltoption value5gtCEOltoptiongt ltselectgt codepre  pIs it correct to add onkeyup to option element mouse events worksp  pthanks in advancep  pH Ivanovp
Negative 802 pWhat Im trying to do click on td to show div with same class.p  precodedocument.readyfunction    td.clickfunction           var target  this.attrclass         div.showslow             I want this div to have same class as target       codepre
Negative 802 pThis is my results page, and I need help linking each restaurant to a detail.php page.p  pIm working on a website that shows all the restaurants in San Francisco with their health inspection scores, address and violations.p  pThe first page is my index page, and its just a search bar that allows you to type in the name or keyword of a restaurant. This leads to my results.php page which takes all the data and gives you a list of the matched examples to your search. The problem Im having is that from the results.php page I have to link it to my details.php for each restaurant that is listed. Then the details page would show their health inspection score, address and map of the restaurant.p  pHow do I link the restaurants to the details pagep  pThis is my website link a hrefhttpjfol.ioj426s13marianaa07 relnofollowhttpjfol.ioj426s13marianaa07ap      precodeltdoctype htmlgt  lthtml langengt  ltheadgt  ltmeta charsetutf8gt  lttitlegtA07lttitlegt  ltlink hrefhttpfonts.googleapis.comcssfamilyArmata relstylesheet typetextcssgt  ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssstyle.css gt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt  ltdiv idleftnavgt  lta hrefindex.phpgtHomeltagt lta hrefresults.phpgtRestaurantsltagt lta hrefdetails.phpgtViolationsltagt lta hrefgtScoresltagt  ltdivgt  ltdiv idmaingt ltphp   load query  query    SELECT  businesses.businessid                AS    businessid,                 businesses.name               AS     name,                 inspections.score             AS    score,                 inspections.date              AS     date,                      inspections.businessid  FROM             businesses  INNER JOIN      inspections  ON                      businesses.businessid  inspections.businessid  WHERE           businesses.name LIKE businessname  ORDER BY         businesses.name ASC  LIMIT            rowstart, pagination   output page header  echo lth1gt Restaurants lth1gt   output query debug   echo ltigtDebugltigt  . query . ltpgtltpgt   execute query  result      mysqliquerydbconnection,query   grab count of records returned  rowcount   mysqlinumrowsresult   output record count  echo Displaying records  . rowstart  1 .  to  . rowstart  pagination .  ltpgtltpgt   advance pagination counter  rowstart  rowstart  pagination   output pagination link  echo ltpgtltpgtlta hrefresults.phpgtFirst pageltagt  lta hrefresults.phprowstart . rowstart . gtNext  . pagination .  recordsltagtltpgtltpgt   create table tag  echo lttablegtnn  echo lttr classheadergtnlttdgtBusiness NamelttdgtlttdgtInspection ScorelttdgtlttdgtInspection Datelttdgtlttrgtn   create row counter  currentrow  0   loop through returned records  while row  mysqlifetcharrayresult     set variables      businessid               row[businessid]     businessname             ucwordsstrtolowerrow[name]     inspectionscore          row[score]      address                 row[address]      violationdate            datenjY,strtotimerow[date]      inspectiondate               datenjY,strtotimerow[date]   output to screen   echobusinessname .    . violationdescription .    . violationdate . ltbr gt  if currentrow  2  0    shading  alternate     else    shading      echo lttr classshadinggtnn  echolttdgtnn . businessname . lttdgtnnlttdgtnn . inspectionscore . lttdgtnnlttdgtnn . inspectiondate . lttdgtnn   echo lttrgtnn  currentrow    echo lttablegtnn   output pagination link  echo ltpgtltpgtlta hrefresults.phpgtFirst pageltagt  lta hrefresults.phprowstart . rowstart . gtNext  . pagination .  recordsltagtltpgtltpgt  gtenter code here  ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 802 pMy understanding is that in production something like the following will produce a path with a hash followed by codefoo.imgcode. p  precodelt assetpath foo.img gt codepre  pBut if I instead put the file codefoo.imgcode not in the Rails app but in the Nginx reverse proxy  and therefore without any prefix hash, then how am I suppose to refer to the correct path If codeassetpathcode will produce a path with a hash prefix then how do I get it to refer to the correct path so that image requests will hit Nginxs codefoo.imgcodep  pAm I suppose to precompile for production and copy that to a directory that nginx knows aboutp
Negative 802 pi have one tree view that show summary of recently inserted questions. i have try to append NavigateUrl from databound event of tree view.p  phere i include treeviewp  precodeltaspTreeView IDTVQuestionSummary runatserver ImageSetSimple      ShowLinesTrue ondataboundTVQuestionSummaryDataBoundgt         ltDataBindingsgt             ltaspTreeNodeBinding DataMemberParentNode FormatString 0 TextFieldInquiryid ValueFieldInquiryidgt             ltaspTreeNodeBinding DataMemberNode FormatString 0 TextFieldbody ValueFieldInquiryid gt         ltDataBindingsgt ltaspTreeViewgt codepre  pand this code to bind inquiryid value to every nodep  precode public void TVQuestionSummaryDataBoundobject sender, TreeNodeEventArgs e              e.Node.NavigateUrl  AdminOWMInquiry.aspxinquiryid  e.Node.Value      codepre  phow ever this error occured compiled timep  precodeError   3   No overload for TVQuestionSummaryDataBound matches delegate System.EventHandler  CDocuments and SettingsVishalMy DocumentsVisual Studio 2005WebSitesOmInvestmentStockMarketingnewAdminMasterPage.master    1   1   C...OmInvestmentStockMarketingnew codepre  pstrongUpdatedstrongp  pmy stored procedurep  precodeset ANSINULLS ON set QUOTEDIDENTIFIER ON GO ALTER PROCEDURE [dbo].[ViewSummaryOfQuestions] AS BEGIN SET NOCOUNT ON SELECT tblInquiryHistory.Inquiryid, tblQuestion.body FROM   tblInquiryHistory INNER JOIN        tblQuestion ON tblInquiryHistory.Inquiryid  tblQuestion.Inquiryid WHEREtblQuestion.IsCountFalse UPDATE [OmStocks].[dbo].[tblQuestion]    SET [IsCount]  True WHERE IsCountFalse END codepre  pand returned outputp  precode Inquiryid      body  119 CDNE2013  i just want service ... 119 UXCY2013  I just want to service please... 119 CDNE2013  hurry up...  codepre  pfor binding up this output to tree view i use this codep  precodevoid fillTree              using SqlConnection conn  Util.GetConnection                      conn.Open             SqlCommand SqlCmd  new SqlCommandSelect  from tblInquiryHistory, conn             SqlDataReader Sdr  SqlCmd.ExecuteReader             SqlCmd.Dispose             string[,] ParentNode  new string[100, 2]             int count  0             while Sdr.Read                               ParentNode[count, 0]  Sdr.GetValueSdr.GetOrdinalInquiryid.ToString                 ParentNode[count, 1]  Sdr.GetValueSdr.GetOrdinalInquiryid.ToString                           Sdr.Close             for int loop  0 loop lt count loop                              TreeNode root  new TreeNode                 root.Text  ParentNode[loop, 1]                 root.Target  blank                 root.NavigateUrl  AdminOWMInquiry.aspxinquiryid ParentNode[loop, 1]                 SqlCommand ModuleSqlCmd  new SqlCommandSelect  from tblQuestion where Inquiryid   ParentNode[loop, 0]  AND IsCountFalse, conn                 SqlDataReader ModuleSdr  ModuleSqlCmd.ExecuteReader                 while ModuleSdr.Read                                      TreeNode child  new TreeNode                     child.Text  ModuleSdr.GetValueModuleSdr.GetOrdinalbody.ToString                     child.Target  blank                     child.NavigateUrl  AdminOWMInquiry.aspxinquiryidParentNode[loop, 0]                     root.ChildNodes.Addchild                                   ModuleSdr.Close                 TVQuestionSummary.Nodes.Addroot                           TVQuestionSummary.CollapseAll                codepre  pbut this gives me error likep  pServer Error in OmInvestmentStockMarketingnew Application.p  pInvalid column name CDNE.p  pDescription An unhandled exception occurred during the execution of the current web request. Please review the stack trace for more information about the error and where it originated in the code. p  precodeException Details System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException Invalid column name CDNE.  Source Error    Line 146                root.NavigateUrl  AdminOWMInquiry.aspxinquiryid ParentNode[loop, 1] Line 147                SqlCommand ModuleSqlCmd  new SqlCommandSelect  from tblQuestion where Inquiryid   ParentNode[loop, 0]  AND IsCountFalse, conn Line 148                SqlDataReader ModuleSdr  ModuleSqlCmd.ExecuteReader Line 149                while ModuleSdr.Read Line 150                  Source File cDocuments and SettingsVishalMy DocumentsVisual Studio 2005WebSitesOmInvestmentStockMarketingnewAdminMasterPage.master.cs    Line 148   Stack Trace    [SqlException 0x80131904 Invalid column name CDNE.]    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.OnErrorSqlException exception, Boolean breakConnection 1948826    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnection.OnErrorSqlException exception, Boolean breakConnection 4844747    System.Data.SqlClient.TdsParser.ThrowExceptionAndWarningTdsParserStateObject stateObj 194    System.Data.SqlClient.TdsParser.RunRunBehavior runBehavior, SqlCommand cmdHandler, SqlDataReader dataStream, BulkCopySimpleResultSet bulkCopyHandler, TdsParserStateObject stateObj 2392    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataReader.ConsumeMetaData 33    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlDataReader.getMetaData 83    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.FinishExecuteReaderSqlDataReader ds, RunBehavior runBehavior, String resetOptionsString 297    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.RunExecuteReaderTdsCommandBehavior cmdBehavior, RunBehavior runBehavior, Boolean returnStream, Boolean async 954    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.RunExecuteReaderCommandBehavior cmdBehavior, RunBehavior runBehavior, Boolean returnStream, String method, DbAsyncResult result 162    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.RunExecuteReaderCommandBehavior cmdBehavior, RunBehavior runBehavior, Boolean returnStream, String method 32    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.ExecuteReaderCommandBehavior behavior, String method 141    System.Data.SqlClient.SqlCommand.ExecuteReader 89    AdminMasterPage.fillTree in cDocuments and SettingsVishalMy DocumentsVisual Studio 2005WebSitesOmInvestmentStockMarketingnewAdminMasterPage.master.cs148    AdminMasterPage.PageLoadObject sender, EventArgs e in cDocuments and SettingsVishalMy DocumentsVisual Studio 2005WebSitesOmInvestmentStockMarketingnewAdminMasterPage.master.cs101    System.Web.Util.CalliHelper.EventArgFunctionCallerIntPtr fp, Object o, Object t, EventArgs e 14    System.Web.Util.CalliEventHandlerDelegateProxy.CallbackObject sender, EventArgs e 35    System.Web.UI.Control.OnLoadEventArgs e 99    System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive 50    System.Web.UI.Control.LoadRecursive 141    System.Web.UI.Page.ProcessRequestMainBoolean includeStagesBeforeAsyncPoint, Boolean includeStagesAfterAsyncPoint 627  Version Information Microsoft .NET Framework Version2.0.50727.3053 ASP.NET Version2.0.50727.3053 codepre
Negative 802 pI am working with Zend Framework 2. I have defined some validation rules within my a hrefhttppastebin.comMzqRB3Hc relnofollowEntity classa. These work as expected without any problems. p  pHowever, when in edit mode I dont want the two file upload fields to be required. I tried to do codesetRequiredfalsecode for both file upload fields within my a hrefhttppastebin.com4NmDrZPW relnofollowcontroller actiona but it doesnt seem to have any effect on validation, it still throws a file was not found message. What do I need to so the user can submit the form successfully without uploading any filesp  pAppreciate any help.p
Negative 802 pIve tried to do stuff like thisp  precodenotallowed  [5, 6, 7] sql  notallowed.mapn col  n.join OR  Model.wheresql codepre  pandp  precodenotallowed  [5, 6, 7] sql  notallowed.mapn col ltgt n.join OR  Model.wheresql codepre  pbut both of these just return my entire table which isnt accurate.p  pSo Ive done this and it worksp  precodeshame  values.mapv where.notcol gt v  .join. evalModel.shame codepre  pand Im not even doing this for an actual web application, Im just using rails for its model stuff. So there arent any actual security concerns for me. But this is an awful fix and I felt obligated to post this questionp
Negative 802 pfirst of all, I would like to say that I have tried to resolve this issue for several hours through trying a bunch of different approaches from people that had the same issues, but to no avail. I am pretty clueless at this point.p  pI am using MySql.Data and MySql.Data.Entity dlls version 6.7.4 which I have referenced in my ASP.NET 4.5 application.p  pI have managed to connect locally to my database and query it without a problem.p  precodeSqlConnection  new MySqlConnectionserverlocalhostUser IdPassworddatabase codepre  pThe problem is within a medium trust shared environment. I get the following error when attempting to connect to the database p  pstrongDescription The application attempted to perform an operation not allowed by the security policy.  To grant this application the required permission please contact your system administrator or change the applications trust level in the configuration file.  Exception Details System.Security.SecurityException Request for the permission of type System.Security.Permissions.SecurityPermission, mscorlib, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 failed.strongp  pI have also tried to add Integrated SecurityTrueincludesecurityassertstrueautoenlistfalse to the connection string, but didnt help.p  pI have also tried to add this in my web.configp  precodeltmscorlibgt ltsecuritygt   ltpolicygt     ltPolicyLevel version1gt       ltSecurityClassesgt         ltSecurityClass NameMySqlClientPermission DescriptionMySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlClientPermission, MySql.Data, Version6.7.4.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenc5687fc88969c44dgt       ltSecurityClassesgt       ltNamedPermissionSetsgt         ltPermissionSet classNamedPermissionSet version1 NameASP.Netgt           ltIPermission classMySqlClientPermission version1 Unrestrictedtruegt           ltIPermissiongt         ltPermissionSetgt       ltNamedPermissionSetsgt     ltPolicyLevelgt   ltpolicygt ltsecuritygt codepre  pp  pBut that did not work either.p  pI have then tried to add a bunch of PermissionSets, IPermissions and what not in the web.config by following some articles, but that didnt seem to work for me.p  pPlease notep  ul liSetting trust levelFull in the web.config is not an option.li liThe connection string that I use to connect to the database is not in my web.config, and  I would like to keep it that way. li liUsing anything else than MySql is not an option.li ul  pAny and all help is appreciated Thank youp  pstrongEDITstrongp  pI have changed the way I communicate with the database with an ODBC connection. Works properly using full trust, but as soon as I change to medium trust, I get basically the same error as with MySql connectors.p  blockquote   pRequest for the permission of type System.Data.Odbc.OdbcPermission, System.Data, Version4.0.0.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyTokenb77a5c561934e089 failed.p blockquote  pCan anyone please point me to the right direction, such as a full example on how you managed to make it work, because I cant seem to make this work using medium trust...p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pThe builtin Windows 8.1 apps like strongSportsstrong, strongTravelstrong, etc. use cool top multilevel AppBar. It almost looks like its some kind of standard UserControl to be used in any app, but I havent  found any guide, how to add it simply in my app as well.br Is this really some kind of generic appbar, or custom AppBar used only in Microsoft apps The basic CommandBar has no such styling I am aware of.   p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comPvhM0.png altTop AppBarp
Negative 802 pIf I have a function codeList[A] gt List[List[A]]code and need to return an empty value, is there a theoretical preference between the followingp  pa codeNilcodep  pb codeListNilcodep  p... or does it depend on the functionp  pFor a concrete example, I could implement a function to split a list into sublists of length codencode or less as followsp  precodedef sublists[A]xs List[A], n Int List[List[A]]     val ys, zs  xs.splitAtn   if zs.isEmpty ys  Nil   else            ys  sublistszs, n  codepre  pIf codexscode is empty this returns codeListNilcode. Do I need to include a check on whether codexscode is empty, returning codeNilcode, for this function to be correctp
Negative 802 pI wish to create a Custom Control for WP8, but tutorials are scarce, can you guys point me out some good material to get start Most of the tutorials are WP7 related. p
Negative 802 pEverything works as intended except one thing. My cookies are setting properly because they will display when I want them to however, my if statements with the issets are not producing the correct output. It is using my else statement and thus telling me that my cookies are not set. Even though they are set and this can be checked multiple ways. What am I missing                                precodegt ltp classphpgtYou are logged in as ltphp echo POST[login] . . gtltpgt  ltphp  if issetCOOKIE[user]  echo A cookie is set . COOKIE[user]  elseif issetCOOKIE[admin]  echo A cookie is set . COOKIE[Eadmin]  else  echo No cookies set. printrCOOKIE gt  ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 802 pI have two tables, one is points which contains ID and points. The other table is name and contains ID, Forename, and Surname. p  pIm trying to search for the total number of points someone with the forename Anne, and surname Brown, scored.p  pWould I have to do a join If so, is this correctp  precodeSELECT Name.Forename, Name.Surname     FROM Name     FULL OUTER JOIN Points     ON Name.IDPoints.ID     ORDER BY Name.Forename codepre  pBut then I also have to add the points, so would I have to use p  precodeSELECT SUM points FROM Points codepre  pThen there is also the WHERE statement so that it only searches for the person with this namep  precodeWHERE ForenameAnne OR SurnameBrown codepre  pSo how does this all come together based on the assumption that you do something like this p
Negative 802 pI am trying to generate an incidentnumber in my Incident model as followsp  precode  def incidentnumber     self.createdat.strftimeY  self.createdat.jd.tos  self.id.tos.toi   end codepre  pI am receiving an error that jd is an undefined method.p  pI can call Date.Today.jd to get the Julian Date of today, but how do I get the Julian Date of the createdat datep  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pThe shape should look like this image  a hrefhttpcs.nyu.educoursesfall13CSCIUA.0002005assignmentsturtlegraphicscircles.png relnofollowImage of Circle Loopap  pThis should be a simple hw assignment, so if you are using any advanced math or anything youre probably not doing it correctly. It should only involve simple functions like left, right, forward, penup, pendown, etc.p  pI really need help finishing this. This is the code I have down so far, but the circle is not moving correctly.p  precode Repeating Circle Loop  import turtle  turtle.colormode255  window  turtle.Screen window.titleCircle Loop window.bgcolorblack  red, green, blue  255, 255, 0  draw  turtle.Turtle draw.colorred, green, blue  radius  50  for i in range12     draw.circleradius     draw.penup     draw.setpositioni   10, 0     draw.left30     draw.pendown     green  green  20     blue  blue  20     draw.colorred, green, blue  window.mainloop codepre
Negative 802 pIn bash is usefull command codetrapcode. Its intercepts various signals like codeSIGKILLcode, codeSIGHUPcode etc to proccess.p  pSo... We have a problem that strongTomcatstrong sometimes dies without any visible reasons. And  without any helpfull information in logfiles.p  pMy idea is add codetrapcode ot its javaanalog command to collect codejstackcode before strongJVMstrong with strongTomcatstrong will die.p  pHow can I do it in strongJavastrong Please note  Im not Javaprogrammer. p  pThanks for any tips.p
Negative 802 pI have a string that contain a SHA256 digest in hexadecimal like blowp  precode257612236efae809c23330ab67cf61f73aec938503f3ce126c34c6a32059f5f0 codepre  pand I want to convert it to codehash.digestcode that can be  like  belowp  precodebvx12nxfaxe8txc230xabgxcfaxf7xecx93x85x03xf3xcex12l4xc6xa3 Yxf5xf0 codepre  phow can I achive this  I use codeCrypto.Hashcode and codepython 3.3.2codep
Negative 802 pI am writing a program for computing spans with stacks I have written a code and here are the variable I have used in it p  pAn array of 52 integers named X  this is the array that we want to compute its spans In this code X elements will be initialized by random functionp  pThe output of this program is An integer Array named S which is in the same size as X  and S[i] is the span of the stock on day ip  pst is a stack.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comx0v24.png altalgorithm is here So  here is the code that I have written based on the algorithmp  precodepublic class ComputingSpansInStack   static int [] X  new int[52] static int [] S  new int[52] public static void SetX       Random rn  new Random     for int i  0 i lt 52 i          X[i]  1  rn.nextInt100        public static void mainString[] args      SetX     int h     StackltIntegergt stnew MyStackltgt     boolean done     for int i  0 ilt52  i              done  false          whilest.isEmptydone                                      ifX[i]gt X[st.top]                         st.pop                     else                          done  true                          ifst.isEmpty             h  1         else              h  st.top          S[i]  i  h         st.pushi              for int i 0 ilt52 i              System.out.printlnX[i]      S[i]       codepre  pbut the output is here p  p38       1p  p7   1p  p16   2p  p62   4p  p35   1p  p31  1p  p6   1 .......p  pproblem  for 62 It should be 3 not 4p  phere is MyStackp  precodepublic  class MyStackltEgt implements StackltEgt private final E s[] int t0   public MyStack      this.s  E[] new Object[100]    public int size     return t    public boolean isEmpty     switchsize         case 0             return true          return false    public E top      ifisEmpty         throw new EmptyStackException     return s[t1]   public void pushE element      ifisEmpty         s[0] element     else         s[t] element     t    public E pop              E x     ifisEmpty         throw new EmptyStackException     else         x  s[t1]         s[t1]  null         t          return x  codepre  pp  pany helpp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pHello I am trying to add an object property between this two individuals. I also have the object property in the code and the individuals are in the ontology. In only need to connect them using a property. The individuals look like this in the code, my problem is that I have never work with that ontologies using this Description tag.p  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodelt httpvivo.iu.eduindividualn6356 gt  ltowlThing rdfabouthttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn6356gt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampbiboArticlegt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampbiboDocumentgt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampvivoConferencePapergt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampvivoInformationResourcegt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampowlNamedIndividualgt     ltrdfslabel xmllangenusgtIndiana University Digital Music Library Projectltrdfslabelgt     ltvitromodTime rdfdatatypeampxsddateTimegt20100728T153603ltvitromodTimegt     ltvitromoniker rdfdatatypeampxsdstringgtconference paperltvitromonikergt     ltbibodoi rdfdatatypeampxsdstringgthttpdoi.acm.org10.1145379437.379774ltbibodoigt     lttitlegtIndiana University Digital Music Library Projectlttitlegt     ltdateTimeValue rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn4086167gt     ltbibopresentedAt rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn5092gt     ltinformationResourceInAuthorship rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn6257gt     ltinformationResourceInAuthorship rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn6300gt     ltvitromostSpecificType rdfresourceampvivoConferencePapergt ltowlThinggt  lt httpvivo.iu.eduindividualn6399 gt  ltowlThing rdfabouthttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn6399gt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampbiboArticlegt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampbiboDocumentgt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampvivoConferencePapergt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampvivoInformationResourcegt     ltrdftype rdfresourceampowlNamedIndividualgt     ltrdfslabel xmllangenusgtAssessing Future Ecosystem Services a Case Study of the Northern Highlands Lake District  Wisconsinltrdfslabelgt     ltvitromodTime rdfdatatypeampxsddateTimegt20100728T153603ltvitromodTimegt     ltvitromoniker rdfdatatypeampxsdstringgtconference paperltvitromonikergt     ltbibodoi rdfdatatypeampxsdstringgthttpdoi.acm.org10.1145379437.99999ltbibodoigt     lttitlegtAssessing Future Ecosystem Services a Case Study of the Northern Highlands Lake District  Wisconsinlttitlegt     ltdateTimeValue rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn111111gt     ltbibopresentedAt rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn2222gt     ltinformationResourceInAuthorship rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn3333gt     ltinformationResourceInAuthorship rdfresourcehttpvivo.iu.eduindividualn4444gt     ltvitromostSpecificType rdfresourceampvivoConferencePapergt ltowlThinggt codepre  pI have tried with this code but the getters give me null values. Getting the two individuals by its names, getting the object property and adding them to the model.p  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecodeIndividual doc  model.getIndividualn6356 Individual ref  model.getIndividualn6399 ObjectProperty cites  model.getObjectPropertyhttppurl.orgontologybibocites model.adddoc,cites,ref codepre
Negative 802 pThere are multiple collaborators to a project stored in SVN. The current repository revision is 10. Ive just found out that I need to revert to revision 5 and start working from there. Then I make changes and make a new commit revision 11. p  pHow does this affect other collaborators When they try to commit creating version 12 what will happen I guess they will be notified of codefile conflicts. And what are they then supposed to dop
Negative 802 pI have a Handheld PC Symbol MC9090 working with Windows CE 5.0 and I need to get the Serial Number not the UniqueID.p  pIve tried with the KernelIOControl as suggested in many sites, but it returns the UniqueID, not the ESN.p  pA coworker told me to try with the RCM2API32.dll RCMGetESN, but i do not have the header of the method to import it.p  pIve tried this but isnt working.p  precode    [DllImportrcm2api32.dll, SetLastError  true]     private static extern string RCMGetESNstring UID codepre  pI couldnt find any manuals or reference sheets on the internet.p  pCan someone give me a hand on thisp  pThanks in advancep  pNico.p  p Edit p  pWith a test program BasicResCoords.exe I can see the handhelds ESN. it uses the same DLL Im dealing with.p
Negative 802 pI am using Entity Framework 6 codefirst with an existing database, but having problems mapping my entities to the database tables.p  pNormal I have used databasefirst and had my entity and context code generated, but using the designer has become a huge pain.  p  pI have set Database.SetInitializernull as I do not want EF to change my schema.p  pstrongDatabase schemastrongp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com75tyo.png altenter image description herep  pstrongCodefirststrongp  precodepublic class Project      public int ProjectId  get set       public string Name  get set       public string Description  get set    public class ReleaseControlContext  DbContext      public ReleaseControlContext          baseConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[ReleaseControl].ConnectionString               Database.SetInitializerltReleaseControlContextgtnull           public DbSetltProjectgt Projects  get set   codepre  pstrongCalling codestrongp  precodeusingvar context  new ReleaseControlContext      var projects  context.Projects.ToList  codepre  pThe following exception is thrownp  blockquote   pstrongSqlException Invalid object name dbo.Projects.strongp blockquote  pThis is because my database table is emProjectem and not emProjectsem.  I dont want to rename my contexts codeDbSetltProjectgtcode to Project because that would be semantically incorrect.p  pstrongQuestionstrongp  pDo I have to use the fluent APIdata annotations to map between the emProjectem database table and the codeDbSetltProjectgt Projectscode collectionp
Negative 802 pHow do I delete items from a DataItem wpf c What happens, is the followingp  pI fill a DataGrid with a DataItemp  precodepublic class DataItem  public String Column1 get set public String Column2 get set public String Column3 get set public String Column4 get set public String Column5 get set   DataGrid.Items.Addnew DataItem Column1  val1, Column2  val2, Column3  val3, Column4  cantidad codepre  pThen I print the columns that I want the DataGrid in a ticket with a FOREACH cyclep  precodeforeach DataItem row in DataGrid.Items  string quantity  row.Column4 product string  row.Column2 string amount  row.Column5  ticket.AddItem quantity, product, amount  codepre  pTo remove items from the datagrid I do with a buttonp  precodeDataGrid.Items.Clear  codepre  pUntil there all right, add new elements to the DataGrid.p  pThe problem is when I want to print new data in the DataGrid, because print the new data and the alreadydeleted data.p  pHow do I eliminate definitively the DataItem data, when I clean the DataGridp  pIn WindowsForms I do the same, with the syntax of C and everything works excellentp
Negative 802 pThis is my header file. It complies just fine if I only include it in one .cpp file, but as soon as I try to include it in two or more .cpp files it creates an error as long as the maps are included in the header. I dont do anything but call the file in the .cpps.p  precodeifndef TOOLSH define TOOLSH include ltiostreamgt include ltmapgt include ltsstreamgt include ltstringgt  using namespace std  mapltchar, stringgt done mapltchar, stringgt dten  void smain string converterint i  string onestring in string twostring in string threestring in string fourstring in string fivestring in string sixstring in string sevenstring in string eightstring in string ninestring in string tenstring in endif codepre  pThis is the error Visual Studio 2013 gives mep  precode1gt  Dictionary.cpp 1gt  Funcion.cpp 1gt  Main.cpp 1gtFuncion.obj  error LNK2005 class stdmapltchar,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt,struct stdlessltchargt,class stdallocatorltstruct stdpairltchar const ,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt gt gt gt dten dten3VmapDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdUlessD2VallocatorUpairCBDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdstd2stdA already defined in Dictionary.obj 1gtFuncion.obj  error LNK2005 class stdmapltchar,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt,struct stdlessltchargt,class stdallocatorltstruct stdpairltchar const ,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt gt gt gt done done3VmapDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdUlessD2VallocatorUpairCBDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdstd2stdA already defined in Dictionary.obj 1gtMain.obj  error LNK2005 class stdmapltchar,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt,struct stdlessltchargt,class stdallocatorltstruct stdpairltchar const ,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt gt gt gt dten dten3VmapDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdUlessD2VallocatorUpairCBDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdstd2stdA already defined in Dictionary.obj 1gtMain.obj  error LNK2005 class stdmapltchar,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt,struct stdlessltchargt,class stdallocatorltstruct stdpairltchar const ,class stdbasicstringltchar,struct stdchartraitsltchargt,class stdallocatorltchargt gt gt gt gt done done3VmapDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdUlessD2VallocatorUpairCBDVbasicstringDUchartraitsDstdVallocatorD2stdstd2stdA already defined in Dictionary.obj 1gtMSVCRT.libcrtexe.obj  error LNK2001 unresolved external symbol main 1gtCUsersVincentGoogle DriveProgrammingCChallangeReleaseChallange.exe  fatal error LNK1120 1 unresolved externals codepre
Negative 802 pI have this page codedivcontainercode which contains inputboxes, textareas and selectboxes. When I click them i want to change the background color of the containing div djformfieldp  precodedjclassifieds .djadditem .djformrow .djformfieldfocus      background none repeat scroll 0 0 F5F5F5     borderradius 5px     float left     padding 15px   ltdiv classdjformfieldgt         lttextarea idcontact namecontact rows1 cols55 classinputbox requiredgtltphp echo thisgtitemgtcontact gtlttextareagt               ltdiv idinputtipsgtltspan classhintgtltphp echo JTEXTCOMDJCLASSIFIEDSCONTACTTOOLTIPgtltspan classhintpointergtampnbspltspangtltspangtltdivgt                  ltdivgt     ltdiv styleclearbothgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to get Bonnie 1.03e to run on my Virtual Machine that is running Fedora. Every time I go to make the file in bash though I keep recieving this message.p  precodeg O2  DNDEBUG Wall W Wshadow Wpointerarith Wwritestrings pedantic fforscope c bonio.cpp make g Command not found make  [bonio.o] Error 127 codepre  pIve been trying to get this program to work, but there is next to no documentation for a newbie at all.p
Negative 802 pim new to Yii . i have downloaded one theme from yii.themefactory.net and i placed it in main configuration of my application.p  pi know that view is separate from model and controller and all operation in my application but im wondering how this new theme will be match to my controllers and models ,, do i have to add any codes in other directories ,,p  pi must say mmy question is general ,, i just started using Yii .  i have no idea how yii corresponds to theme.p  pplease make me clear and tell me which sources are better so download theme p
Negative 802 pHi I would like some help im struggling to round the corners of just the far right li element and the far left li element.p  pI have had a look at other peoples questions they have posted but Im struggling to understand and apply it to my code.p  pwhat im trying to do is round the top left corner of id topnavleft and rounding the top right corner of topnavright. p  pheres my htmlp  precodeltdiv idnavmenugt      ltul idlistnavgt          ltli idtopnavleftgtlta hrefindex.htmlgtHomeltagtltligt          ltligtlta hrefdesign.htmlgtDesignltagtltligt          ltligtlta hrefabout.htmlgtAboutltagtltligt          ltligtlta hrefkayakingdigtkayaking Disciplinesltagtltligt          ltli idtopnavrightgtlta hreflinks.htmlgtUseful linksltagtltligt      ltulgtlt ul end listnav gt  ltdivgtlt div end navmenu gt codepre  pand heres the cssp  precode    navmenu      width  980px     marginleft  auto     marginright  auto     height 33px   ullistnav      liststyle  none     padding  0     width  980px     height  33px     backgroundcolor  656565     fontfamilyTahoma, Geneva, sansserif     margintop  0     fontstylenormal     fontsize14px   ullistnav li      display  inline     width  980px     height  33px     backgroundcolor  656565   ullistnav li a      textdecoration  none     padding  8px 0     width  196px     background  656565     color  eee     float  left     textalign  center   ullistnav li ahover      background  999     color  fff     fontfamilyTahoma, Geneva, sansserif   ullistnav li aactive      background  999     color  fff     fontfamilyTahoma, Geneva, sansserif   container navmenu listnav topnavright      borderradius25px   container navmenu listnav topnavleft      borderradius25px  codepre
Negative 802 pIm getting unauthorized error from mongoid, when access auth enabled mongo server. Exception is not raised when I disable auth option in mongo.p  pCan anybody point me out why Im getting this errorp  precodeirbmain0100gt Test.count   MOPED 10.0.0.427017 COMMAND      databaseadmin commandismastergt1 runtime 1.7334ms   MOPED 10.0.0.427017 COMMAND      databasestaging commandcountgttests, querygt runtime 1.0563ms MopedErrorsOperationFailure The operation ltMopedProtocolCommand   length91   requestid9   responseto0   opcode2004   flags[]   fullcollectionnamestaging.cmd   skip0   limit1   selectorcountgttests, querygt   fieldsnilgt failed with error unauthorized codepre  pPermission of the user looks like this.p  precodegt use staging switched to db staging gt show users      id  ObjectIdxxx,     pwd  xxx,     roles  [         readWrite,         dbAdmin     ],     user  username  codepre  pMy mondoid.yml looks like this.p  precodestaging   sessions     default       database staging       username username       password password       hosts          10.0.0.427017 codepre  pThere is no problem when I access mongo from my console using this user.p  pEnvironmentp  precoderails 4.0.2 mongoid 4.0.0.alpha1 codepre
Negative 802 pi have a problem using opencv library on android. I try to convert imageview to bitmap, then convert bitmap to mat for opencv process, and then i convert it again to bitmap. But i got force cloce when run the program. This is my codep  precodepublic class MainActivity extends Activity   protected static final String TAG  null ImageView img Button btn  private BaseLoaderCallback mOpenCVCallBack  new BaseLoaderCallbackthis      Override     public void onManagerConnectedint status         switch status             case LoaderCallbackInterface.SUCCESS                       Log.iTAG, OpenCV loaded successfully            Create and set View           setContentViewR.layout.activitymain             break            default                       super.onManagerConnectedstatus             break                 Override public void onResume      super.onResume     LoaderCallbackInterface mLoaderCallback  null     OpenCVLoader.initAsyncOpenCVLoader.OPENCVVERSION246, this, mLoaderCallback      Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.activitymain      convert imageview to bitmap     img ImageView findViewByIdR.id.imageView1     BitmapDrawable drawable  BitmapDrawable img.getDrawable     final Bitmap imgbitmap  drawable.getBitmap      btnButton findViewByIdR.id.button1     btn.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener          public void onClickView v               convert Bitmap to Mat             Mat ImageMat  new Mat  imgbitmap.getHeight, imgbitmap.getWidth, CvType.CV8U, new Scalar4             Bitmap myBitmap32  imgbitmap.copyBitmap.Config.ARGB8888, true             Utils.bitmapToMatmyBitmap32, ImageMat              convert to grayscale             Imgproc.cvtColorImageMat, ImageMat, Imgproc.COLORRGB2GRAY,4              Then convert the processed Mat to Bitmap             Bitmap resultBitmap  Bitmap.createBitmapImageMat.cols,  ImageMat.rows,Bitmap.Config.ARGB8888             Utils.matToBitmapImageMat, resultBitmap               convert bitmap to imageview              ImageView imgbit             imgbit  ImageView findViewByIdR.id.imageView2             imgbit.setImageBitmapresultBitmap                         codepre  pThis is my logcatp  precode1209 162723.052 Ddalvikvm7837 Debugger has detached object registry had 1 entries 1209 162723.582 Ddalvikvm7837 GCEXTERNALALLOC freed 50K, 45 free 3007K5379K, external 733K1041K, paused 359ms 1209 162723.762 DInputQueue7837 Registering input channel 2b3941f0 com.gozur.latihanpcdcom.gozur.latihanpcd.MainActivity client 1209 162723.812 IFihConfig7837 can not find this tag ltSYSTEMCUSTHANDWRITINGgtin the mUsedConfigData Array 1209 162738.492 Ddalvikvm7990 GCEXTERNALALLOC freed 47K, 45 free 3007K5379K, external 733K1041K, paused 85ms 1209 162738.582 DInputQueue7990 Registering input channel 2b014008 com.gozur.latihanpcdcom.gozur.latihanpcd.MainActivity client 1209 162738.642 IFihConfig7990 can not find this tag ltSYSTEMCUSTHANDWRITINGgtin the mUsedConfigData Array 1209 162740.362 DWindowManager7990 MotionEvent obtain 1  MotionEvent2afc4910 action0 x58.0 y13.0 pressure1.0 size0.0 1209 162740.492 Wdalvikvm7990 No implementation found for native LorgopencvcoreMat.nMat IIIDDDDJ 1209 162740.492 DAndroidRuntime7990 Shutting down VM 1209 162740.492 Wdalvikvm7990 threadid1 thread exiting with uncaught exception group0x2aacc560 1209 162740.502 EAndroidRuntime7990 Uncaught handler thread main exiting due to uncaught exception 1209 162740.532 WSystem.err7990 java.io.FileNotFoundException datalogcat0.txt Permission denied 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990 FATAL EXCEPTION main 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990 java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError nMat 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at org.opencv.core.Mat.nMatNative Method 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at org.opencv.core.Mat.ltinitgtMat.java535 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at com.gozur.latihanpcd.MainActivity1.onClickMainActivity.java66 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at android.view.View.performClickView.java2494 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java9109 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java587 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java130 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java3683 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java507 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java895 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java653 1209 162740.532 EAndroidRuntime7990     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method 1209 162740.572 WSystem.err7990 java.io.FileNotFoundException dataplog.log Permission denied codepre
Negative 802 pHere is my link a hrefhttpfiddle.jshell.netajs2a4 relnofollowhttpfiddle.jshell.netajs2a4ap  pI want this to happen on keyPress.p  pMy Javascript code that I have tried for 2 images, I have used transform scale.p  precodevar image1  document.getElementByIdimg1 var image2  document.getElementByIdimg2 document.addEventListenerkeydown, doKeyDown, true  function doKeyDowne             THE W KEY          if e.keyCode  87          image1.setAttributestyle, webkittransformscale6         image2.setAttributestyle, webkittransformscale1                  THE X KEY          if e.keyCode  88          image1.setAttributestyle, webkittransformscale1         image2.setAttributestyle, webkittransformscale6       codepre  pThis code is bad. When I use this, it is not as smooth as fiddle demo i have shown. Any help is highly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pOk so here is the problem. I am trying to get an array of installed applications and versions. p  pSo far what I have discovered is that I can run this commandp  precodesystemprofiler SPApplicationsDataType gt log.txt codepre  pWhich will give me a txt file with the following formatp  precodeApplications  MacTubes    Version 3.1.5   Obtained from Unknown   Last Modified 91512, 241 AM   Kind Universal   64Bit Intel No   Location VolumesStorageMacTubes.app  Boom    Version 1.6   Obtained from Identified Developer   Last Modified 101212, 324 AM   Kind Intel   64Bit Intel No   Signed by Developer ID Application Global Delight Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA   Location VolumesStorageBoom.app   Get Info String 1.6  Copyright  2008  2012, Global Delight Technologies Pvt. Ltd.  World of Goo    Version 1.30   Obtained from Unknown   Last Modified 2810, 843 AM   Kind Universal   64Bit Intel No   Location VolumesStorageMiscWorld of Goo.app   Get Info String 1.30, Copyright  2008 2D Boy LLC  VZAccess Manager    Version 4.3.0   Obtained from Unknown   Last Modified 121709, 848 PM   Kind Universal   64Bit Intel No   Location VolumesStorageMiscVZAccess Manager.app   Get Info String VZAccess Manager 4.3.0 Copyright  20002008 Smith Micro Software, Inc.  ColorSync    Obtained from Unknown   Last Modified 10900, 1200 PM   Kind Classic   Location VolumesStorageMiscSystem FolderControl PanelsColorSync  AppleTalk    Obtained from Unknown   Last Modified 10196, 1200 PM   Kind Classic   Location VolumesStorageMiscSystem FolderControl PanelsAppleTalk codepre  pI want to be able to take the Application name and the Version number and store them somehow preferably in an array. Im not sure how to where to start since all entries look the same to me I need to ignore entries without versions numbers as well. p
Negative 802 pI have a codeShopcode model which contains several fields. One of which is a codevirtual Usercode one. Whenever I try to edit one entry I get an error saying that codeUsercode field is required.p  precodepublic class Shop      ..     public virtual ApplicationUser User  get set      ..  codepre  pMy workaround is thisp  precode        shop.User  shop.User reset the value         shop.Active  true         db.Entryrestaurant.State  EntityState.Modified         db.SaveChanges codepre  pAnd I have to do this for all the fields. Is this the standard approach for this or is there a better wayp
Negative 802 pI have a file with many lines delimited by either codecode or codecode and I want to remove all of the lines that do not have 3 pounds of 4 colons. This is what I triedp  precodeawk  34 file codepre  pEdit to provide sample linesp  precode958406020104 Thanhachammet,ChendritD50058338.4012.10 This is  bad  line codepre  pI want to take all lines like 1 and 2 and send them to a file excluding all lines like 3. Some of p
Negative 802 pLooking through JS helper libraries for strings likep  pa hrefhttpsgithub.comepeliunderscore.stringreadme relnofollowunderscore.stringabr a hrefhttpstringjs.com relnofollowstringjsap  por those from p  pa hrefhttpemberjs.comapiclassesEmber.String.html relnofollowEmberap  ponly p  pSenchas a hrefhttpdocs.sencha.comextjs4.2.2apiExt.String relnofollowExtJSap  pprovides a stronguncapitalizestrong function.p  pIs there a reason for that br Why not providing a uncap function is your library is providing a cap function all of them do...p  pTransitivity is important here.p  pstrongExamplestrongp  precodeawordWithCamelCase.capitalize gt AwordWithCamelCase AwordWithCamelCase.uncapitalize gt awordWithCamelCase codepre
Negative 802 pIn previous version you could copy files from google Chromes folders and paste them into the Chromium files, but that doesnt work anymore. Apparently all the files have been replaced by  1 file ffmpegsumo.dll, copying that from Chrome changes nothing.p  pI downloaded codecs for Chromium on linux, but I find it weird that theres no way to get them for Windows.p  pWhy dont they just add h.264 to chromium now that cisco made it royalty freep
Negative 802 pI have a simple C console application built using Visual Studio 2012 and .NET 4.5. p  pWhen I build the solution on my 64 bit Windows 7 machine and then copy the MyProgram.exe file from this location p  pCUsersmeDesktopMyProgramMyProgrambinx86p  pto a Windows XP machine, and then try to run the MyProgram.exe file, I get the following error p  precodeMyProgram.exe is not a valid win32 application codepre  pI can see by just Googling the problem that lots of other people have the same issue and there are many suggested solutions. But none of the solutions seem to help me. p  pCan someone please give me stepbystep instructions for how to prepare the .exe file to run on XPp
Negative 802 pPlease look over the below code. I am not able to rectify that when we create the object of class codeStudentcode named codeobjStudent1code and we set two values name and roll number now it holds the valuep  ul liname student2li liroll number 222li ul  pAnd now we pass this object to a function named codeChangeNamecode as a parameter and here the name of parameter is codeobjStudent2code and we set again same values, now it holds the valuep  ul liname student3li liroll number 333li ul  pand then we set codeobjStudent2code object by null value.p  pAfter executing the full function codeChangeNamecode it is printing the value which are set in the codeChangeNamecode function which are printed from the object codeobjStudent1code.p  pModification done on the data member are reflecting, but null is not reflecting outside from the function on the same object.p  precodenamespace TestApp      class Program              static void Mainstring[] args                      Student objStudent1  new Student             objStudent1.Name  Student2             objStudent1.RollNumber  222             ChangeNameobjStudent1             System.Console.WriteLineName  objStudent1.Name             System.Console.WriteLineRoll Number  objStudent1.RollNumber             System.Console.Read                   private static void ChangeNameStudent objStudent2                      objStudent2.Name  Student3             objStudent2.RollNumber  333             objStudent2  null                    class Student              public string Name  Student1         int RollNumber  111          public int RollNumber                      get  return RollNumber              set  RollNumber  value                 codepre  pPlease suggest me whats going on over herep  pI am fully confusedp
Negative 802 pI am working on magento 1.7 version. I have a grid in magento admin. When I click on a particular row it opens a form and two tabs in left sidebar. when I click on one tab it is displaying a grid in right side. Now I want that in this grid a filter should be auto selected.p  pEx.p  pa hrefhttpd.priUuB4 relnofollowhttpd.priUuB4a a hrefhttpd.priBN1N relnofollowhttpd.priBN1Nap  pIn this, category should be auto selected in filter and how to get current row id in tabs.php in beforeToHtml.p  pI am using following code for tabsp  precode protected function beforeToHtml       thisgtaddTabformsection, array         label gt MagehelpertestgtCategory,         title gt MagehelpertestgtCategory,         content gt thisgtgetLayoutgtcreateBlocktestadminhtmlcategoryedittabformgttoHtml,           thisgtaddTabtabsection, array         label gt MagehelpertestgtImages,         title gt MagehelpertestgtImages,         content gt thisgtgetLayoutgtcreateBlocktestadminhtmlbookgrid                                     gttoHtml            return parentbeforeToHtml  codepre  pany help would be much appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI am starting to study program c in school. This is my task that should be manage it. I need some help how I can fix it this task. Thanks for advancep  blockquote   pWrite a program that asks for a text and encrypts it by replacing each character with the character placed three steps further on in the alphabet. Use the English alphabet, which   consists of the characters a  z. The program should print the encrypted string and the encryption should be placed in a function according to the following function prototype p blockquote  precodechar encryptchar pEncryptedText, const char pText codepre  blockquote   pHere is pText the cstring to be encrypted and pEncryptedText is the string where the encrypted text is saved. As can be seen from the prototype, the original text should be kept unmodified. The return value shall be a pointer to the encrypted text.p blockquote  pI am trying to write program for encryption according instructions above but I could not manage. Please I need helpp  precodeencrypton  encryptEncryptText, pText codepre  pstrongThis program is still no finish because it gives me error when it compiled  this errorstrongp  blockquote   pError 4   error LNK2019 unresolved external symbol char  cdecl encryptchar ,char const  encryptYAPADPADPBDZ referenced in function main  p blockquote
Negative 802 pI have an input stream and output stream for a bluetooth connected accessoryp  pI want to achieve the followingp  pwrite data to outputStream wait until data received on inputStream OR until 10 seconds pass if inputStream data arrived return data else return nilp  pI tried to implement this like sop  precode APDUResponse sendCommandAndWaitForResponseNSData request    APDUResponse  result   if deviceIsBusy ampamp request  Nil      deviceIsBusy  YES     timedOut  NO     responseReceived  NO     if [[mySes outputStream] hasSpaceAvailable]        [NSThread detachNewThreadSelectorselectorstartTimeout toTargetself withObjectnil]       [[mySes outputStream] write[request bytes] maxLength[request length]]       while timedOut ampamp responseReceived          sleep2         NSLogtick              if responseReceived ampamp response nil          result  response         response  nil              [myTimer invalidate]       myTimer  nil           deviceIsBusy  NO   return result    void startTimeout    NSLogstart Timeout   myTimer  [NSTimer timerWithTimeInterval10.0 targetself selectorselectortimerFireMethod userInfonil repeatsYES]   [[NSRunLoop currentRunLoop] addTimermyTimer forModeNSRunLoopCommonModes]    voidtimerFireMethodNSTimer timer    NSLogfired   timedOut  YES    voidstreamNSStreamstream handleEventNSStreamEventstreamEvent    switch streamEvent        case NSStreamEventHasBytesAvailable        Process the incoming stream data.       ifstream  [mySes inputStream]                uint8t buf[1024]         unsigned int len  0         len  [[mySes inputStream] readbuf maxLength1024]         iflen            data  [[NSMutableData alloc] init]           [data appendBytesconst void buf lengthlen]           NSLogResponse , [data description]           response  [[APDUResponse alloc] initWithDatadata]           responseReceived  YES          else            NSLogno buffer                       break      ... code not relevant      codepre  pSo the theory was to have an NSTimer running on a separate thread that would set a boolean when it fired, then also have the handleEvent delegate method set another boolean if data is received.  In the method we have a while loop with a sleep that will cease when one of these bools is set.p  pThe problem I am having is that in the timeout scenario my timerFireMethod is not getting called. My gut feeling is that I am not actually correctly setting the timer on a separate thread.p  pCan anyone see what is going wrong here or suggest a better implementation for the requirement abovep
Negative 802 pI have entity called product,pic and it has properties.p  precodepublic class product       public virtual int Id     public virtual long name     public virtual string title   public class pic       public virtual int Id     public virtual int idpic     public virtual string name  codepre  pthe relationship between strongproductidstrong and strongpicidpicstrong.p  pNow I need to write a method that Delete row from product table.p
Negative 802 pIs there any technical difference between the following code segments in perl  They seem to behave identicalp  precodemy str  A cat is red  ifstr  cat      print Matchesn  codepre  pvsp  precodemy str  A cat is red  ifstr  mcat      print Matchesn  codepre  pThe difference in this code is the m on line 3.  Why would someone omit or not omit the mp
Negative 802 pI am trying to use bootstrap to create a dropdown toggle that allows the user to hideunhide certain div sections. The code is seen belowp  precodeltdiv classtabbablegt    ltdiv classbtntoolbargt       ltdiv classbtngroupgt         lta classbtn dropdowntoggle inputlarge datatoggledropdown hrefgt                Select an Area by              ltspan classcaretgtltspangt         ltagt         ltul classdropdownmenugt             ltli classactivegtlta datatoggletab hrefParishgtParishltagtltligt             ltligtlta datatoggletab hrefAreagtMLS Arealtagtltligt             ltligtlta datatoggletab hrefCitygtCityltagtltligt             ltligtlta datatoggletab hrefZipgtZipltagtltligt         ltulgt       ltdivgt  lt btngroup gt    ltdivgt  lt btntoolbar gt     ltdiv classtabcontentgt       ltdiv classtabpane active idParishgt         Parish       ltdivgt       ltdiv classtabpane idAreagt             Area       ltdivgt       ltdiv classtabpane idCitygt             City       ltdivgt       ltdiv classtabpane idZipgt             Zip       ltdivgt    ltdivgt codepre  p  p  pIt works kind of, except for the fact that after selecting an option the first time, it never toggles off after selecting a new item. It also does not allow me to go back to an item that has already been selected. I have searched everywhere and used the web console in Firefox to debug, but do not see what the problem is. This happens in Chrome and IE too.p  pI have created a Bootstrap snippet that demonstrates the behavior here a hrefhttpbootply.com102355 relnofollowhttpbootply.com102355ap  pI would appreciate any help. Am I trying to do something with bootstrap that just cant be done yet  p
Negative 802 pI am trying to use Darts a hrefhttppub.dartlang.orgpackagesadaj relnofollowadaja libraryp  precodeimport darthtml import dartconvert import packageadajadaj.dart as http  void main      Map data           email john.smithexample.com,         password 12345           var url  httplocalhost8080myappsignin      http.posturl, data.failonFail.alwaysalwaysHandler.doneonSuccess.go   void onFailString failMsg      window.alertError   failMsg   void alwaysHandlerdynamic response      window.alertAlways executing   void onSuccessMap json      window.alertThe returned json is    json[answer]      ifjson  1         window.alertYou are signed in     else         window.alertSign in failed. Check credentials.  codepre  pWhen I run this code, I expect to get a value of 1 back from the server, which should then result with an alert box being rendered with the text You are signed in in it.p  pInstead, when I run this code, I get an alert that say emError 1em, and then a 2nd alert that says emAlways executing 1em.p  pAny ideas as to where the error is coming from When I run this in Firebug I see the HTTP POST response from the server is 1, which means its definitely a clientside bug. Thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI am a newbie to D3.js.I am trying to built a sortable bar chart using it.In my code, the bars are getting sorted properly but the labels on each bars are not getting sorted.I am not able to figure out where is the mistakep  precode    ltDOCTYPE htmlgt ltmeta charsetutf8gt ltstylegt .bar fillsteelblue fillopacity .9    .text    fill green  .barhover    fill F18E18   .axis    font 10px sansserif   .axis path, .axis line    fill none   stroke 000   shaperendering crispEdges   .x.axis path    display none  label    position absolute   top 10px   right 10px   ltstylegt ltbodygt ltlabelgtltinput typecheckboxgt Sort valuesltlabelgt  ltscript srchttpd3js.orgd3.v3.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscriptgt  var margin  top 20, right 20, bottom 30, left 40,     width  960  margin.left  margin.right,     height  500  margin.top  margin.bottom  var x  d3.scale.ordinal     .rangeRoundBands[0, width], .1  var y  d3.scale.linear     .range[height, 0]  var xAxis  d3.svg.axis     .scalex     .orientbottom  var yAxis  d3.svg.axis     .scaley     .orientleft     .ticks20, .  var svg  d3.selectbody.appendsvg     .attrwidth, width  margin.left  margin.right     .attrheight, height  margin.top  margin.bottom   .appendg     .attrtransform, translate  margin.left  ,  margin.top     d3.tsvhumanweight.tsv, type, functionerror, data     x.domaindata.mapfunctiond  return d.age    y.domain[0, d3.maxdata, functiond  return d.fatness ]    svg.appendtext     .attrx, width  2      .attry, 0     .styletextanchor, middle     .textHuman AgeFatness    svg.appendg       .attrclass, x axis       .attrtransform, translate0,  height         .callxAxis     .appendtext       .attrx,900       .styletextanchor, start       .textAge    svg.appendg       .attrclass, y axis       .callyAxis     .appendtext       .attrtransform, rotate90       .attry, 8       .attrdy, .71em       .styletextanchor, middle       .textFatness    svg.selectAll.bar       .datadata       .enter       .appendrect       .attrclass, bar       .transition.delayfunctiond,ireturn i50       .duration700       .attrx, functiond  return xd.age        .attrwidth, x.rangeBand       .attry, functiond  return yd.fatness        .attrheight, functiond  return height  yd.fatness   svg.selectAll.text       .datadata       .enter       .appendtext       .textfunctiond                  return d.fatness                .attrx, functiond,i           return iwidthdata.length20                .attry, functiond          return heightd.fatness10                  .attrfontfamily, sansserif         .attrfontsize, 11px         .attrfill, black   d3.selectinput.onchange, change    var sortTimeout  setTimeoutfunction      d3.selectinput.propertychecked, true.eachchange   , 2000    function change      clearTimeoutsortTimeout       Copyonwrite since tweens are evaluated after a delay.     var x0  x.domaindata.sortthis.checked          functiona, b  return b.fatness  a.fatness           functiona, b  return d3.ascendinga.age, b.age          .mapfunctiond  return d.age          .copy      var transition  svg.transition.duration750,         delay  functiond, i  return i  50       transition.selectAll.bar         .delaydelay         .attrx, functiond  return x0d.age       transition.selectAll.text         .delaydelay         .attrx, functiond           console.logd.fatness         return x0d.age          .attry, functiond  return heightd.fatness10                  .textfunctiond                  return d.fatness                  .attrx, functiond,i                return iwidthdata.length20                  .attry, functiond          return heightd.fatness10                  .attrfontfamily, sansserif         .attrfontsize, 11px         .attrfill, white               transition.select.x.axis         .callxAxis         .selectAllg         .delaydelay           function typed    d.fatness  d.fatness   return d   ltscriptgt ltbodygt codepre
Negative 802 pHow i can get object in HTML I Have p  precodeHtml.DisplayFormodel gt model.Product.Keys.Wherex gt x.TransactionID  model.TransactionID codepre  pbut here i have object, i want to display only one value. I try something like thisp  precode     var key  model.Product.Keys.Wherex gt x.TransactionID  model.TransactionID  codepre  pbut model name is doent exist in current context. Any ideas Thanks in advice p
Negative 802 pI use MPMoviePlayerController to show video.p  pBelow I put list of thumbs from the video. When pressing a thumb I want to jump to a specific place in the video using setCurrentPlaybackTime.p  pI also have a timer updating the selected thumb according to the location of the video using currentPlaybackTime.p  pMy problem when calling setCurrentPlaybackTime, the player keeps giving the seconds before seeking to the specific second. It take few seconds to the player to reflect the new seconds. In the mean time the experience of the user is bad Pressing a thumb shows it selected for a show time, then the timer updates to the previous thumb, then it jumps back to the thumb I selected.p  pI tried using in the timer p  precodeif moviePlayer.playbackState  MPMoviePlaybackStatePlaying ampamp moviePlayer.loadState amp MPMovieLoadStatePlaythroughOK return codepre  pIn order to prevent from the timer to update the selected thumb as long the player is in a transition phase between showing the previous thumb and the new thumb, but it doesnt seem towork. The playbackState and loadState seems to be totally inconstant and unpredictable.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pi want to show drop down of current and following week number of the year with date range.p  pi have used this code             precode  for i  j i lt j  1 ampamp i lt 52 i      str       if inarrayi, weeknoarray          str selected  selected          gt          ltoption valueltphp echo i gt ltphp echo str gt gt         ltphp     year  dateY      weekstartdate  datedmY, strtotimeyear . W . i . 1     weekenddate  datedmY, strtotimeyear . W . i . 7      echo i .   . weekstartdate .    . weekenddate .      gt         ltoptiongt codepre  p      But for todays date30122013 its showing wrong week range because it takes year 2013 but week no is 1 of 2014.p
Negative 802 pWhen i try to run my service, i get an following error Could not find a base address that matches scheme http for the endpoint with binding BasicHttpBinding. Registered base address schemes are [https].p  pMy service declaration p  precode ltservice nameservice behaviorConfigurationserviceEndpointBehaviorgt      lthostgt       ltbaseAddressesgt         ltadd baseAddresshttpsabc12704servicegt       ltbaseAddressesgt     lthostgt      ltendpoint address bindingbasicHttpBinding bindingConfigurationbasicHttpBinding2 contractservicegt     ltendpoint addressmex contractIMetadataExchange bindingbasicHttpBindinggt    ltservicegt codepre  pBindingp  precode  ltbasicHttpBindinggt     ltbinding namebasicHttpBinding2 maxReceivedMessageSize1000000gt       ltreaderQuotas maxArrayLength1000000 maxStringContentLength1000000gt     ltbindinggt   ltbasicHttpBindinggt codepre  pI have also following declaration in behaviorp  precodeltbehavior nameserviceEndpointBehaviorgt       ltdataContractSerializer maxItemsInObjectGraph1000000gt       ltserviceMetadata httpsGetEnabledtrue gt ltbehaviorgt codepre  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pIn my program is throwing the error codeorg.lwjgl.opengl.OpenGLException Cannot use offsets when Array Buffer Object is disabledcodep  pI know that this can happen if you dont call glPointerglBindBuffer in the right order So here is what I am doing, roughlyp  precodeGL20.glBindBufferGLARRAYBUFFER, bufferID GL20.glEnableVertexAttribArrayattributeIndex In this case, 0 GL20.glVertexAttribPointerattributeIndex, attributeLength, GLFLOAT, isNormalized, stride, offset ... codepre  pObviously, I allocate the buffer before this code, and have checked that bufferID is nonzero and not 1p  pHowever, when doing codeglVertexAttributePointercode I get the error Cannot use offsets when Array Buffer Object is disabledp  pDid I forget to call somethingp
Negative 802 pthis is not related to VB6p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comQgeFq.png altenter image description herep  plike above, I want to make a textbox control between separated label controls.p  pI used method to load those three controls two labels and one textbox, but I cannot precisely locate the textbox and the following label.p  pIn the application, there will be more than hundreds of sentences with almost the same number of blankstextbox, so the perfect lining is required.p  pSo, is there any good method to do thatp  pThank youp
Negative 802 pI am using the cycle2 plugin in jquery to make a video slideshow. I currently have the following code that will display the videos. p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgtlt[CDATA[  function  video[0].play  cycle2.oncycleafter,functione, optionHash, outgoingSlideEl,  incomingSlideEl, forwardFlag     video, outgoingSlideEl[0].pause  cycle2.oncyclebefore,functione, optionHash, outgoingSlideEl,     incomingSlideEl, forwardFlag      video, incomingSlideEl[0].play   ]]gt    ltscriptgt  ltheadgt ltbodygt  ltdiv idcycle2 classcycleslideshow datacycleslidesgt div datacycle timeout16000      datacyclefxfade  datacyclelogfalse  datacycleloop1     datacycleallowwrapfalsegt     ltdivgtltvideo classvidgtltsource srcmediavid1.webm typevideowebmgtltvideogtltdivgt     ltdivgtltvideo classvidgtltsource srcmediavid2.webm typevideowebmgtltvideogtltdivgt     ltdivgtltvideo classvidgtltsource srcmediavid3.webm typevideowebmgtltvideogtltdivgt  ltbodygt codepre  pIt works on a timeout of 16 seconds, which is the length of the first video, but I would like to to trigger the next slide when the current video has finished playing.p  pI know html5 has an eventp  precode    video.myvideo.bindended, function        make some stuff  codepre  pbut I am unsure where to put it to trigger the next eventp  pcan anyone helpp
Negative 802 pIm trying to copy several complete worksheets from one workbook to another.  I have recorded a macro to create the code, but when I implement it into my main workbook I get the codeSubscript Out of Range error runtime error 9code.  My research for this question reveals how to copy data from one workbook to another, but not multiple worksheets. Here is the code.  It is supposed to copy the worksheets in Therm Cal Compiler.xlsm and paste them into SN1813016  Copy.xlsx after the fourth sheetp  precodeWindowsTherm Cal Compiler.xlsm.Activate SheetsArrayThermal Calibration, ThermR10uA25C, ThermR10uA0C,      ThermR10uA23C, ThermR10uA40C, ThermR10uA50C,      ThermR10uA60C, ThermR10uA65C, ThermR10uA70C.Select SheetsArrayThermal Calibration, ThermR10uA25C, ThermR10uA0C,      ThermR10uA23C, ThermR10uA40C, ThermR10uA50C,      ThermR10uA60C, ThermR10uA65C, ThermR10uA70C.Copy Before      WorkbooksSN1813016  Copy.xlsx.Sheets5 codepre  pBoth the codeTherm Cal Compiler.xlsmcode and codeSN1813016  Copy.xlsxcode are open, and the error occurs on the second array command, p  precodeSheetsArrayThermal Calibration,.Copy Before      WorkbooksSN1813016  Copy.xlsx.Sheets5. codepre  pAny ideas Thanksp
Negative 802 pIm trying to build Quadtree which receive array of points and split them into 4 cells. those 4 cellscell1...cell4 are suppose to be created recursively but it doesnt works. What Im doing wrong wasted all day trying fix it. I erased some basic things not to overload the script here.p  precodeclass QuadTreeNode      private QuadTreeNode cell1     private QuadTreeNode cell2     private QuadTreeNode cell3     private QuadTreeNode cell4     private int maxppc      private double leftminX, leftminY, rightmaxX, rightmaxY      public QuadTreeNodePoint2D leftMin, Point2D rightMax, int maxPPC              this.leftminX  leftMin.East         this.leftminY  leftMin.North         this.rightmaxX  rightMax.East         this.rightmaxY  rightMax.North         this.maxppc  maxPPC          public QuadTreeNodePoint2D[] pointArray, Point2D leftMin, Point2D rightMax, int maxPPC                  for int i0 i lt4 i                              cellList[i]  new ListltPoint2Dgt                       allPointList  pointArray.ToList         this.leftminX  leftMin.East         this.leftminY  leftMin.North         this.rightmaxX  rightMax.East         this.rightmaxY  rightMax.North         this.maxppc  maxPPC          if allPointList.Count gt maxPPC                      SplitallPointList                    public void SplitListltPoint2Dgt Array               if Array.Count gt maxppc                      double centerE  this.leftminX  this.rightmaxX  2             double centerN  this.leftminY  this.rightmaxY  2             double deltaE  this.rightmaxX  this.leftminX  2             double deltaN  this.rightmaxY  this.leftminY  2              Point2D Center  new Point2DcenterE, centerN             this.cell1  new QuadTreeNodecellList[0].ToArray,new Point2DCenter.East  deltaE, Center.North  deltaN, Center, maxppc             this.cell2  new QuadTreeNodecellList[1].ToArray, new Point2DCenter.East, Center.North  deltaN, new Point2DCenter.East  deltaE, Center.North, maxppc             this.cell3  new QuadTreeNodecellList[2].ToArray, new Point2DCenter.East  deltaE, Center.North, new Point2DCenter.East, Center.North  deltaN, maxppc             this.cell4  new QuadTreeNodecellList[3].ToArray, Center, new Point2DCenter.East  deltaE, Center.North  deltaN, maxppc             for pntIndex  0 pntIndex lt Array.Count pntIndex                              CellIndexArray[pntIndex]                          pntIndex  0             Array.Clear             for int c0 c lt 4 c                              Array  cellList[c].ToList                 cellList[0].Clear                 cellList[1].Clear                 cellList[2].Clear                 cellList[3].Clear                 SplitArray                          return                  else                      return                   public void CellIndexPoint2D point      locates points up to East,North    codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to configure my arduino mega with PID functionality. The arduino example initiateS a Relay that turns on and off that is based off the millis function. However, I would like to know if it is possible to have the PID on a timer call so after lets say 6 minutes it checks the sensor reading. Based off the sensor reading and how aggressive the parameters are this will turn on or off a relay. My question is, can this be done with timers instead of millis  Below is the example arduino provided. Below that, is something i concocted. Please give advice. Thanks. p  precodeinclude ltPIDv1.hgt define RelayPin 6  Define Variables well be connecting to double Setpoint, Input, Output  Specify the links and initial tuning parameters PID myPIDampInput, ampOutput, ampSetpoint,2,5,1, DIRECT  int WindowSize  5000 unsigned long windowStartTime void setup    windowStartTime  millis    initialize the variables were linked to   Setpoint  100    tell the PID to range between 0 and the full window size   myPID.SetOutputLimits0, WindowSize    turn the PID on   myPID.SetModeAUTOMATIC   void loop    Input  analogRead0   myPID.Compute         turn the output pin onoff based on pid output       ifmillis  windowStartTimegtWindowSize    time to shift the Relay Window     windowStartTime  WindowSize      ifOutput lt millis  windowStartTime digitalWriteRelayPin,HIGH   else digitalWriteRelayPin,LOW   codepre  pHere is my codep  precodeinclude Wire.h include DS1307RTC.h include PIDv1.h include SPI.h include Time.h include TimeAlarms.h  define RELAYON 1 define RELAYOFF 0 define Relay1  2   int analogChannel0  0 double Setpoint, Input, Output double Kp1, Ki0.5, Kd0.25  PID Tuning Parameters PID myPIDampInput, ampOutput, ampSetpoint, Kp, Ki, Kd, DIRECT PID Tuning Parameters   void setup          digitalWriteRelay1, RELAYON       pinModeRelay1, OUTPUT     Serial.begin9600       Alarm.timerRepeat360, Pid        Input  analogReadanalogChannel0      myPID.SetModeAUTOMATIC     turn the PID on      Setpoint  7.0         void loop                                         Alarm.delay0                  void Pid                            Input   analogReadanalogChannel0                            myPID.SetTuningsKp, Ki, Kd                 myPID.Compute               FROM HERE I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO                codepre
Negative 802 pIm working in a centralized monitoring system on Windows 2008 R2, I have installed a PostgreSQL 9.3 to use strongpsqlstrong from the command line.p  pWhen I try to access to some remote Postgres an 8.4 in my principal case I have an error with the encodingp  pcommandp  precodepsql.exe h 192.168.114.12 p 5432 d dbserostransaccion U postgres f script.sql codepre  perrorp  precodepsql FATAL  la conversin entre WIN1252 y LATIN1 no est soportada codepre  pI try adding the sentence p  precodeSET clientencoding  UTF8 codepre  pin my script but the problem persist and with other encodings too, like LATIN1 amp WIN1252.p  pAfter googling it I found people that update some rows in the server to make the connection, and this is a problem to me.p  pCan anyone help me to make a connection using empsqlem without an update Is it possiblep  pThanks a lot and excuse my English.p
Negative 802 pI know there are similar questions to mine, but I checked alot of them and didnt find the answer so I hope someone can help me. So what I am trying to do is store some strings into arrays, but some of these strings could consist of more than one word, so I searched the internet and found out I have to use cin.ignore and Getline. I used them, as seen in my code below, but the error happens in the second and third string where the first letter of surname[0] and address[0] is removed. So why is that Thanksp  pHere is my code p  precode    int size     coutltltPlease enter the number of entriesltltendl     cingtgtsize     cin.ignore     string firstnamenew string[size]     string surnamenew string[size]     string addressnew string[size]     coutltltFirst Nameltltendl     for int i0iltsizei         getline cin, firstname[i]     coutltltSurnameltltendl     cin.ignore     for int i0iltsizei         getline cin, surname[i]     coutltltAddressltltendl     cin.ignore     for int i0iltsizei         getline cin, address[i]     for int i0iltsizei              coutltltFirst Name ltltfirstname[i]ltltendl         coutltltSurname ltltsurname[i]ltltendl         coutltltAge ltltaddress[i]ltltendl      codepre  pEDIT Sample InputOutputp  pstrongPlease enter the number of entriesstrongp  p4p  pstrongFirst Namestrongp  pJohnp  pMichaelp  pDanielp  pRadup  pstrongSurnamestrongp  pLaaksonenp  pTarop  pAlbotp  pSmithp  pstrongAddressstrongp  p123 Larkin Streetp  p900 Larkin Streetp  p823 Larkin Streetp  p283 Larkin Streetp  pFirst Name Johnp  pSurname aaksonenp  pAddress 23 Larkin Streetp  pFirst Name Michaelp  pSurname Tarop  pAddress 900 Larkin Streetp  pFirst Name Danielp  pSurname Albotp  pAddress 823 Larkin Streetp  pFirst Name Radup  pSurname Smithp  pAddress 283 Larkin Streetp  pBold is the programs output. See how the L in Laaksonen is missing and the 1 in 123 is missing.p
Negative 802 pI read everything about the upgrade process from TFS 2008 to 2012.p  pbut my situation is a bit diffrent. I need to move data from tfs 2008 sqlserver 2003 to tfs 2012 sqlserver 2008 R2 without damaging the TFS 2012 data.p  pwhat is the best practicep  pAdding some issuesp  pI am trying to be as cautious as possible without damaging any of the data. So I have 1. old server TFS 2008 with sqlserver 2005 which is being used 2 demo server with TFS 2012 and sqlserver 2008 R2 with some collections and projects on it this is a replica of a server we have and is being used as well.p  pThe main purpose is to transfer all data to the 2012 server and kill the old machine. what i did was to take a backup from the sqlserver 2005 and restore all the tfs dbs to the demo server . TfsActivityLogging TfsBuild TfsIntegration TfsVersionControl TfsWarehouse TfsWorkItemTracking TfsWorkItemTrackingAttachmentsp  pAfterward I run tfsconfig import on the demo server.p  pTfsConfig Import SQLInstanceSQLSERVERNAME CollectionNameDemoImportCollection confirmedp  pwhich failsp  precodeCreating temporary structures... 169 of 502 [Info   154536.159] [20140114 154533Z][Error] TF400744 An error occurred while executing the following script UpgradeTestResultsOrcasToDev10Beta1.sql. Failed batch starts on the line 613. Statement line 23. Script line 635. Error 2627 Violation of PRIMARY KEY constraint PKtmptbl1786A43E234A136B. Cannot insert duplicate key in object dbo.tmptblOrcasTestOutcomeLookUp. The duplicate key value is . 169 of 502 [Info   154536.159] [20140114 154534Z][Informational] Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Framework.Server.CollectionServicingException TF400744 An error occurred while executing the following script UpgradeTestResultsOrcasToDev10Beta1.sql. Failed batch starts on the line 613. Statement line 23. Script line 635. Error 2627 Violation of PRIMARY KEY constraint PKtmptbl1786A43E234A136B. Cannot insert duplicate key in object dbo.tmptblOrcasTestOutcomeLookUp. The duplicate key value is .    at Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Framework.Server.SqlScriptResourceComponent.ExecuteScriptsList1 scripts, SqlParameter[] sqlParameters, List1 serviceVersions, Boolean acquireLock    at Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Server.Servicing.TFCollection.FrameworkStepPerformer.ExecuteSqlString stepData, ServicingContext servicingContext    at Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Framework.Server.TeamFoundationStepPerformerBase.Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Framework.Server.IStepPerformer.PerformStepString servicingOperation, String stepType, String stepData, ServicingContext servicingContext    at Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Framework.Server.ServicingStepDriver.PerformServicingStepServicingStep step, ServicingContext servicingContext, ServicingStepGroup group, ServicingOperation servicingOperation 169 of 502 [Warning154536.596] TF255185 Encountered a warning during operation. Message[20140114 154534Z] Servicing step Upgrade Test Results failed. ServicingOperation UpgradePreTfs2010Databases Step group Upgrade.TfsTestManagement. [Info   154536.627] [20140114 154534Z] Servicing step Upgrade Test Results failed. ServicingOperation UpgradePreTfs2010Databases Step group Upgrade.TfsTestManagement 169 of 502 [Info   154536.627] [20140114 154534Z][Informational] Removing item. Key TargetRequestContext. 169 of 502 [Info   154536.627] [20140114 154534Z][Informational] Clearing dictionary, removing all items. 169 of 502 [Warning154536.659] TF255185 Encountered a warning during operation. MessageTF255271 The team project collection could not be created. The number of steps before the completion of project creation is 502. The number of steps completed before the failure was 169.. [Warning154537.690] Warning Message [20140114 154534Z] Servicing step Upgrade Test Results failed. ServicingOperation UpgradePreTfs2010Databases Step group Upgrade.TfsTestManagement [Warning154537.690]  [Warning154537.737] Warning Message TF255271 The team project collection could not be created. The number of steps before the completion of project creation is 502. The number of steps completed before the failure was 169. [Warning154537.737]  codepre  pI have a suspicion that this problem occur due to Hebrew characters in database which translate on the temp import tables as question marks p  pAppreciate any help or direction solving this issue.p  pRegardsp  pErezp
Negative 802 pI am trying to learn RoR.  MY controller is p  precodeclass SectionController lt ApplicationController   def new     if request.post       uSectionMst.new sectionname gt params[sectionname]       u.save       redirecttosection     else       render      end   end    def index     sections  SectionMst.all   end    def destroy     uSectionMst.destroyparams[id]     u.save     redirecttosection   end    def edit     user  SectionMst.findparams[id]   end end codepre  pand index.html.erb is p  precodelt linkto Edit, editsectionpathsection.id, method edit gt codepre  prake routes is p  precode  sectionnew  POST   sectionnew.format      sectionnew                POST   sectionidedit.format sectionidedit  sectionindex GET    section.format          sectionindex                POST   section.format          sectioncreate  newsection   GET    sectionnew.format      sectionnew  editsection  GET    sectionidedit.format sectionedit       section  GET    sectionid.format      sectionshow                PUT    sectionid.format      sectionupdate                DELETE sectionid.format      sectiondestroy codepre  proutes.rb is p  precodepost sectionnew post sectionidedit resources section codepre  pi am getting the  strongRouting Error uninitialized constant Sectionstrongp  pif i delete the second line of routes.rb  then i get  strongRouting Error No route matches [POST] section3editstrongp  pnot able to get why p
Negative 802 pIm trying to use one function lets call it loop that, among other things, is responsible for incrementing a variable that represents the number of iterations my program has executed since startup it is an FDTD simulation. I need to use this iterator variable for decision making in another function in my program, for example to carry out some action if a certain number of iterations have completed.p  pI know how to pass a variable by reference from main into a function, but I dont see how it is possible to then check the value of this variable using another function also called from main.p  pThis leads me to the following questionsp  ol lipIf I pass the variable by reference into both functions, will both have the most recent copy of the variable at all timespli lipIf I use a global variable defined outside of main I know this is bad practice, can a function modify the value of that variable  If it requires passing by reference into a function, how can this be donepli lipIs there some other way to maintain a synchronized, correct variable value available to two or more functions that doesnt involve one of the above methodspli ol
Negative 802 pI am trying to use ViolaJones face detection algorithm in OpenCV. I use the codedetectMultiScalecode to locate multiple faces in image. I am wondering how is it possible to return from the source code or to calculate a confidence factor for the face that are calculated. It seems that by default codedetectMultiScalecode function doesnt return a conf factor.p
Negative 802 pI want to rewrite thisp  precodemyhash[a]  5 codepre  pin something like thisp  precodemyhash. send [], a, 5 codepre  pbut code[]code isnt working.p  pIs there a way to do thisp
Negative 802 pIm sure this is possible, but I dont know JavaScript or PHP well enough to be able to figure it out myselfp  pI have an SQL database storing postcodes. I can retrieve that data from the database using PHP and get it showing in the webpage usingp  pcodeltphp echo rowgetPosts[postcode] gtcodep  pHowever, I want to access this postcode in a JavaScript function in the head of the webpage. Ive tried defining a codevarcode in the java and simply putting the code above into it, but thats mixing the PHP and the JavaScript languages together, an apples and pears situationp  pIm presuming I must define a global variable i the html file, which both the PHP and JavaScript can interact with, but I dont know how to do this. Any help would be appreciatedp
Negative 802 pI have 2 custom domains set up on Azure Websites strongmydomain.ltstrong and strongwww.mydomain.ltstrongp  pDNS registrars settingsp  pSubdomain and redirectp  pstrongawverifstrong  CNAME strongawverify.mydomain.azurewebsites.netstrongbr strongwwwstrong   CNAME strongmydomain.azurewebsites.netstrongp  pOther redirects IP strong137.x.x.xstrong IP address provided by Azure and MX 79.x.x.xp  pI can reach my website via mydomain.lt and www.mydomain.ltp  pWhat I am trying to do now is to set my Canonical URL in a way, that users coming from  strongwww.mydomain.ltstrong would be automatically redirected to strongmydomain.ltstrong and all relative URL paths returned in a lower case.p  pI added settings bellow to system.WebServer on Web.configp  precodeltrewritegt   ltrulesgt      lt SEO  Section 1  Whitelist gt     ltrule nameWhitelist  Resources stopProcessingtruegt       ltmatch urlcssscriptsbundlesimagesinstallconfigumbracoumbracoclientbasewebresource.axdscriptresource.axdbrowserLink[]arterySignalR. gt       ltconditions logicalGroupingMatchAll trackAllCapturesfalse gt       ltaction typeNone gt     ltrulegt      lt SEO  Section 2  Rewrites chaining gt     ltrule nameSEO  Lower case stopProcessingfalsegt       ltmatch url. ignoreCasefalse gt       ltconditions logicalGroupingMatchAll trackAllCapturesfalsegt         ltadd inputHTTPMETHOD patternGET gt         ltadd inputR1 pattern[AZ] ignoreCasefalse gt       ltconditionsgt       ltaction typeRewrite urlToLowerR1 gt     ltrulegt      lt SEO  Section 3  Redirecting gt     ltrule nameSEO  HTTP canonical redirect stopProcessingtruegt       ltmatch url. gt       ltconditions logicalGroupingMatchAll trackAllCapturestruegt         ltadd inputHTTPHOST patternwww.. gt         ltadd inputHTTPMETHOD patternGET gt         ltadd inputSERVERPORT pattern80 gt       ltconditionsgt       ltaction typeRedirect urlhttpC1R2 gt     ltrulegt     ltrule nameSEO  Noncanonical redirect stopProcessingtruegt       ltmatch url. gt       ltconditions logicalGroupingMatchAll trackAllCapturesfalsegt         ltadd inputHTTPMETHOD patternGET gt       ltconditionsgt       ltaction typeRedirect urlR2 gt     ltrulegt   ltrulesgt ltrewritegt codepre  pThe resulting behaviour is a redirect loop. Any ideas how to fix this problemp
Negative 802 pFor a layout in a prototype I need a button that overlays a section an inner rectangle of an ImageView with an image that is scaledup preserving aspect ratio. Is there some way to overlay the button over the imageview with defined margins, then scale up this combination preserving the margins  I tried putting both in an additional relativelayout, but the child elements did not scale within the relativelayout like 2 UIViews might scale when scaling the parent UIView.  I also tried hooking into the imageview using adjustViewBounds to shrink the imageview to the scaledup image, but this didnt work either.p  pHere is the current layoutp  precodeltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidpadding0dp     toolscontext.MainActivity gt         ltImageView             androidididplaceholderImage             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidsrcdrawableplaceholder             androidpadding0dp             androidadjustViewBoundstruegt         ltButton             androidididbtn             androidlayoutwidthfillparent             androidlayoutheightfillparent             androidbackgroundandroidcolordarkergray             androidonClickshowgt ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to create a client that should connect to a C server. I must use TCP. I already have a server which is fully functional, but Im unable to connect my client. I dont want to send any data to server at this point. I just want to establish a connection and open up a new dialog box.p  pHere is the code in Void LoginonpushButtonclicked slot.  pushButon is my login buttonp  precodepSocket  new QTcpSocket this connect pSocket, SIGNALreadyRead, SLOTwaitNextStep pSocketgtconnectToHostuigtlineEditgttext, uigtlineEdit2gttext.toInt ifpSocketgtwaitForConnected      Menu mMenu     mMenu.setModaltrue     mMenu.exec  else      QMessageBoxcriticalthis,trError,trError at Connect  codepre  pI already defined the Menu class and I know its functional since I tested it without the connection part. The IP fetching part from the lineEdits is also functional. The pSocket is declared in the Login class, as a private member QTcpSocket pSocket.p  pUnfortunatelly Im new to QT and I dont really know what the waitNextStep function should containt. I just did a return 1 I am unsure about the SLOT in the connect function since I noticed in many examples that there were different functions there.p  pIf I run the program I get no errors and the program executes just fine. But when I hit the login button, the dialog box freezes for 15 seconds  its unresponsive. After that, I get the Error at connect message. Any help will be much appreciated. p
Negative 802 pHow can you get an codeNSButtoncode to detach from an codeNSStackViewcode when the stack view resizes  p  pcodeNSControlcode subclasses that use codeNSCellcode drawing seem to have a different mind than other codeNSViewcode subclasses on visibility with compression resistance in Auto Layout. codeNSStackViewcode doesnt seem to make a difference here either.p  pIf I set the Visibility Priority for a control higher than 1, it will not drop. If I set it to 0, well, of course it will only drop and never appear.p  pHow is this supposed to workbr What does it take to get a button or other control to drop when the stack view is resized smallerbr Maybe its the dearth of docs and examples of codeNSStackViewcode...p
Negative 802 pI have pagination enabled for a table. Clicking on a page number creates a url with  pagepagenumber appended.  Pagination works great for sorting and filtering. p  pThe problem isp  ul liif I am on page 4li lithen perform a search or filterli ul  pResults The results will be displayed starting with page 4. I would like to start with page 1.  p  pIt is especially important if the search results in just one page.  Then I get an error.p  pThe query passed to BeforeFind, AfterFind,  BeforeFilter, and AfterFilter dont seem to indicate whether this is a pagination click or a search or filter.  p
Negative 802 pI have a dnn module, and I have a requirement where I need to inject some HTML elements in the body tag of the page.p  pI triedp  precodeHtmlGenericControl divControl  new HtmlGenericControlDIV divControl.ID  divControl this.Page.Controls.AddAt0, divControl codepre  pthe code above cause the HTML to look like thisp  precodeltdiv idxxxxxxdivControlgtltdivgtltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml  langenUSgt lthead idHeadgt... codepre  pThere is no body property on the Page, so is there a way to make the div render in the body tag like shown belowp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtml  langenUSgt lthead idHeadgt... ltheadgt ltbodygt ltdiv idxxxxxxdivControlgtltdivgt .... ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 802 pI have seen some very popular questions here, on StackOverflow about splitting a string in C, but every time, they needed to split that string by the kbdSPACEkbd delimiter. Instead, I want to split an codestdstringcode by the kbdkbd delimiter.p  pThis code is taken from a n answer on StackOverflow, but I dont know how to update it for kbdkbd, instead of kbdSPACEkbd.p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltstringgt include ltsstreamgt include ltalgorithmgt include ltiteratorgt  int main      using namespace std     string sentence  And I feel fine...     istringstream isssentence     copyistreamiteratorltstringgtiss,              istreamiteratorltstringgt,              ostreamiteratorltstringgtcout, n  codepre  pCan you help mep
Negative 802 pI am receiving the data in an iPad application from a socket connected. I am converting the data received to NSString using the method belowp  precodeNSString data  [[NSString alloc] initWithDatadata encodingNSUTF8StringEncoding]. codepre  pThen I am creating a substring from the string using thep  precodeNSString substring1  [data substringFromIndexlength9] NSString substring2  [data substringFromIndexlength3] codepre  pwhere length is [data length].p  pThen I am comparing the codesubstring2code with  codegtcode string as below      code[substring2 comparegt]code Here I checked the value of the codesubstring2code while debugging the application the value is codegtcode but the comparison result is returned as codeNSOrderedDescendingcode instead of codeNSOrderedSamecode.p  pCan anyone please helpp
Negative 802 pi am trying to bind a custom list view in my app from sqlite database. Data fetched from db successfully and activity execute without any error but displaying blankactivity . Here is the code please suggest where is the issue and how to fix it   This is display adapterp  precodepackage com.example.automaticprofilechanger import java.util.ArrayList import android.content.Context import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.BaseAdapter import android.widget.TextView  public class DisplayAdapter extends BaseAdapter  private Context mContext private ArrayListltStringgt id private ArrayListltStringgt profileName private ArrayListltStringgt profile private ArrayListltStringgt time   public DisplayAdapterContext c, ArrayListltStringgt id,ArrayListltStringgt ProfileName, ArrayListltStringgt Profile, ArrayListltStringgt Time      this.mContext  c     this.id  id     this.profileName  ProfileName     this.profile  Profile     this.time  Time   public int getCount       return id.size   public Object getItemint position       return null   public long getItemIdint position       return 0   public View getViewint pos, View child, ViewGroup parent      Holder mHolder     LayoutInflater layoutInflater     if child  null          layoutInflater  LayoutInflater mContext.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE         child  layoutInflater.inflateR.layout.listcell, null          mHolder  new Holder         mHolder.txtProfileName  TextView child.findViewByIdR.id.txtProfileName         mHolder.txtProfile  TextView child.findViewByIdR.id.txtProfile         mHolder.txtTime  TextView child.findViewByIdR.id.txtTime          child.setTagmHolder      else          mHolder  Holder child.getTag          mHolder.txtProfileName.setTextprofileName.getpos     mHolder.txtProfile.setTextprofile.getpos     mHolder.txtTime.setTexttime.getpos     return child   public class Holder      TextView txtProfileName     TextView txtProfile     TextView txtTime  codepre  pp  pHere is the Code  where using Display Adapterp  precodeprivate void displayData      ListltTimegt obj db.getAllTime      for Time time  obj          ProfileName.addtime.profilename         profile.addtime.profile         Time.addtime.time          DisplayAdapter disadpt  new DisplayAdapterListTimeActivity.this,id,ProfileName, profile,Time     list.setAdapterdisadpt     db.close  codepre
Negative 802 pIm pretty new to serverside web development. What I want to do is to dynamically create a web page with php no problem for that, but in this page there is an image refresh timer that update an image through AJAX.p  pMy goal is to dynamically modify serverside the refresh rate written in the generated html page based on the current request rate. In other words, if there is only one client that requests refreshes, I want it to refresh once per second. But if there are two clients, I want them to refresh less often, and so, and so it is a local application, so I dont expect a lot of clients.p  pI hope I can do that with php. I dont want to overload the server CPU with the computing of this rate. I would like to be able to get it quite easily.p  pMy server uses Apache on Linux.p  pSomeone has an idea A suggestion Thanks in advancep  hr  pstrongEDIT 1strong Maybe I could log a emhitem each time a request is done But I read that codeputenvcode will write environment var that will be valid only during the execution of the script...p  hr
Negative 802 pI am trying to fetch items from my laravel many to many relationship.p  pI have posts and tags.p  pSo there is the possibility that there are tags that are not yet connected to a post. How can I get those from the DBp  precodetags  Tagwithpostsgtwhereposts, []gtget tags  Tagwithpostsgtwhereposts, gtget tags  TagwithpostsgtwherePostsgtget tags  TagwithpostsgtwherePosts[]gtget codepre  pThose do not work. Is there any other way If I returnp  precodetags  Tagwithpostsgtget codepre  pI can see those where posts  [] but I dont now how to fetch them.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pIm thinking about using a hrefhttpsquare.github.iodagger relnofollowDaggera in my Application. I also want to use a view injection library which gives me a lot of functionality to save time writing code, but on the other hand it shouldnt be to heavy in size and expensive when it comes to performance.p  pAre there any major differences between a hrefhttpandroidannotations.org relnofollowAndroidAnnotationsa and a hrefhttpjakewharton.github.iobutterknife relnofollowButterknifeap
Negative 802 pTake this scenario user has an iPhone in the pocket passing by an iBeacon. Her phone is region monitoring for it. How much time is needed in real world to from entering the region to the moment app is woken up  I have found an excellent article on the subject by David G. Young a hrefhttpdeveloper.radiusnetworks.com20131113ibeaconmonitoringinthebackgroundandforeground.htmlhttpdeveloper.radiusnetworks.com20131113ibeaconmonitoringinthebackgroundandforeground.htmla but I cant believe it can really take up to 15 minutes. That would mean that all iBeacon home automation scenarios are simply unusable because you wont neither wait 15 mitutes in dark room for lights to switch on neither you would switch on the lights by actively using an app. Door opening and locking is another situation where iBeacon would be unusable and NFC would work much better here. Or am I missing something p
Negative 802 pin JAVA I generate a String like thisp  precode  nameali,  lastNamecate,  actionfunctionevent alertthis.name clicked  codepre  pand I can use this String pretty easy in javaScript like a JSON object, however i cant execute the function  in JS that is described in the action property, I had this errorp  precode TypeError Object functionevent alertthis.name clicked  has no method apply codepre  pso... is there any way to make it workp  pEDIT more infop  pthe problem is that the Json String is generated in Java with the quotes. and this is and example, actually the real problem is with a highchart pie graph, this recieves the function in an event property and is it who tries to run that.p
Negative 802 pI have a buttonp  precodeltbutton typebutton onclicktoggleColorwhite gtWhiteltbuttongt codepre  pWhich makes thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdKyXg.png altenter image description herep  pIs there any way to get what is written on the button using jQuery. For example this button would return codeWhitecode because its inbetween the 2 button tags.p
Negative 802 p Need a report like this in ireport p  h3 column1    column2    column3 h3  pbr x   nbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp  a    nbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp                a1                           br nbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp      nbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp                         a2 brp  hr  pnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspbnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp b1 br nbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspb2 brp  hr  pnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspcnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspc1 brnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbspnbsp nbspc2p
Negative 802 pI am working on a Asp.Net MVC 4 application and due to some reasons there is a white patch visible on the top of the webpage and it is on layout page so obviously that is visible on all the pages in the application. p  pIt looks as followsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comcfWpk.png altenter image description herep  pAs yo can see from the above picture, I have a container with aliceblue as its background color and I made sure that the container is distributed all over the page using following CSSp  precode.container      marginright 10px     marginleft 10px     zoom 1     border none     backgroundcolor aliceblue     height 100     width100  codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltbodygt     ltheadergt         ltdiv classcontentwrapper gt             ltdiv classfloatleftgt                  ltp classsitetitlegt                     lta hrefgt                         ltimg src Url.ContentImageslogo.png gtltagt                 ltpgt               ltdivgt             ltdiv classfloatrightgt                 ltnavgt                     ltul  classnavgt                         if Request.IsAuthenticated                                                        ltligtltspan idcurrTimegtltspangtltligt                              ltligtHtml.ActionLinkHtml.EncodeUser.Identity.Name  Admin Only, Index, Admin                                  ltulgt                                     ltligtHtml.ActionLinkInternal, Index, Admin                                     ltligtHtml.ActionLinkManage, Index, SystemUserltligt                                     ltligtHtml.ActionLinkProducts, Products, Homeltligt                                 ltulgt                             ltligt                             ltligtHtml.ActionLinkSign Out, Logout, Userltligt                                                    else                                                                                                   ltligtHtml.ActionLinkSign In, Login, Userltligt                                               ltulgt                 ltnavgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltheadergt     ltdiv classcontainer styleclearbothgt          RenderBody      ltdivgt codepre  pMay I know where I am making a mistakep
Negative 802 pRight now, I am able to insert the data from the dropdown list in the database. However it is not in the correct row. Like I want the data to be reflected in each of the designated row. p  pExample, if a student with the admin no of 12344R chose one of the option from the dropdown list, I want the option to be reflected in the database field assigned to the student with the admin no of 12344R.p  pI came up with the query however, it came out as another row.p  precodecomplist  POST[ddl] query3  mysqliquerycon, INSERT INTO studentdetails SET company .complist. WHERE adminno.admin. codepre  pIs there another way for me to go about thisp
Negative 802 pIm currently making a Console Application game, and am working on the multiplayer version.p  pWhen I am receiving packets, I create a new thread to handle the packets, in order to return to the ReceiveFrom command as soon as possible.p  pThe newly created thread should reprint the whole Matrix, using the new information it got regarding the changes in the matrix it should print the Matrix with updated player positions.p  pThe problem is, when the Print method is called on the new thread, it is badly performed. It prints the matrix very inaccurately, and many characters of the matrix are just in a mess on the Console Screen.p  pHere are the methodsp  precode    void Receive              while true                      byte[] msg  new byte[1024]             client.Receivemsg             Thread handle  new Thread gt HandleInputmsg             handle.Start                   void HandleInputbyte[] msgX              string data  Encoding.ASCII.GetStringmsgX         data  data.Replace0,          if data.Contains  data.Contains0  data.Contains   Move Packet moving objects in a matrice                       for example, a move packet can be 1210             char ToMove  char.Parsedata.Split[0]             int X  int.Parsedata.Split[1]             int Y  int.Parsedata.Split[2]             grid[X, Y]  ToMove             Print                   void Print  print a 20x50 matrix              Console.Clear         for int y  0 y lt 52 y                      Console.Write                  Console.WriteLine         for int i  0 i lt 20 i                      Console.Write             for int j  0 j lt 50 j                              Console.Writegrid[i,j]                          Console.WriteLine                  for int x  0 x lt 52 x                      Console.Write               codepre  pBut, when I tried to treat the input and print the matrix on the same thread of the Receive method, it worked fine. The problem printing it only came when I printed the matrix on a separate thread.p  pSo why does this happen Why cant a separate thread just print the matrix correctlyp
Negative 802 pIve put a webview on the Navigation Drawer the webview shows formatted text about the current UI so that the users can familiarize themselves with features.p  pUnfortunately, after scrolling up or down on the webview horizontal scrolling of the webview is disabled, the navigation drawer closes itself after I lift my finger off the webview p  pHow can I prevent the Navigation Drawer from closing itself when the user lets go p  pEDIT additional findings ... Ive attached an OnTouchListener to the drawers layout that does nothing except return true. This prevents the autoclosing from happening when touching an empty space on the Navigation Drawer. To see how this is done, check out a hrefhttpandroider.blogspot.com201401androiddrawerlayoutanddrawerlistener.html relnofollowhttpandroider.blogspot.com201401androiddrawerlayoutanddrawerlistener.htmla and look at the experimental comment.p  pstrongUnfortunatelystrong it doesnt stop the Navigation Drawer from closing when the user doesnt scroll updown perfectly on the webview. For example, scrolling up and down on the webview will close the drawer if there is a very small horizontal component to the drag.p
Negative 802 pIm trying to get one Qt window to display a matplotlib figure in another Qt window when a button is pressed. I have one strong.pystrong file that generates that UI with the button, and another strong.pystrong file that when run, opens a QT window displaying a graph. p  pIf I just run the second strong.pystrong file, the QT window to display the graph opens up, no problem. p  pHowever, the problem is that when I run the second strong.pystrong file through the first one, strongpythonw.exestrong crashes when I click the button to run the second strong.pystrong file.p  pHere is the code one strong.pystrong file. It creates the UI for the user to click the button if they want to see a matplotlib graphp  precodeimport matplotlib matplotlib.useQt4Agg import pylab from matplotlib.backends.backendqt4agg import FigureCanvasQTAgg as FigureCanvas from matplotlib.figure import Figure  try     fromUtf8  QtCore.QString.fromUtf8 except AttributeError     def fromUtf8s         return s  try     encoding  QtGui.QApplication.UnicodeUTF8     def translatecontext, text, disambig         return QtGui.QApplication.translatecontext, text, disambig, encoding except AttributeError     def translatecontext, text, disambig         return QtGui.QApplication.translatecontext, text, disambig  import matplotlibtest class UiMainWindowobject     def setupUiself, MainWindow         MainWindow.setObjectNamefromUtf8MainWindow         MainWindow.resize690, 786         self.centralwidget  QtGui.QWidgetMainWindow         self.centralwidget.setObjectNamefromUtf8centralwidget         self.widget2  QtGui.QWidgetself.centralwidget         self.widget2.setGeometryQtCore.QRect120, 20, 471, 51         self.widget2.setObjectNamefromUtf8widget2          ...some other irrelevant code...          self.plotButton  QtGui.QPushButtonself.layoutWidget2         self.plotButton.setMinimumSizeQtCore.QSize0, 23         self.plotButton.setObjectNamefromUtf8plotButton         self.gridLayout2.addWidgetself.plotButton, 9, 1, 1, 1         self.plotButton.clicked.connectself.showimage      def showimageself         matplotlibtest.main codepre  pSo when the user clicks emplotButtonem, the main function of strongmatplotlibtest.pystrong is run.p  pAnd in strongmatplotlibtest.pystrong, I have this code from a hrefhttppacktlib.packtpub.comlibrary9781847197900ch06 relnofollowhttppacktlib.packtpub.comlibrary9781847197900ch06a. This code when run opens a QT window which displays a simple matplotlib graph. There is no issue here when this code is run, it opens the graph just as I want it to.p  precode for commandline arguments import sys  Python Qt4 bindings for GUI objects from PyQt4 import QtGui  Numpy functions for image creation import numpy as np  Matplotlib Figure object from matplotlib.figure import Figure import matplotlib matplotlib.useQt4Agg  import the Qt4Agg FigureCanvas object, that binds Figure to  Qt4Agg backend. It also inherits from QWidget from matplotlib.backends.backendqt4agg  import FigureCanvasQTAgg as FigureCanvas  import the NavigationToolbar Qt4Agg widget from matplotlib.backends.backendqt4agg  import NavigationToolbar2QTAgg as NavigationToolbar  class Qt4MplCanvasFigureCanvas      def initself, parent          plot definition         self.fig  Figure         self.axes  self.fig.addsubplot111         t  np.arange0.0, 3.0, 0.01         s  np.cos2np.pit         self.axes.plott, s          initialization of the canvas         FigureCanvas.initself, self.fig          set the parent widget         self.setParentparent          we define the widget as expandable         FigureCanvas.setSizePolicyself,         QtGui.QSizePolicy.Expanding,         QtGui.QSizePolicy.Expanding          notify the system of updated policy         FigureCanvas.updateGeometryself  class ApplicationWindowQtGui.QMainWindow     def initself          initialization of Qt MainWindow widget         QtGui.QMainWindow.initself          set window title         self.setWindowTitleMatplotlib Figure in a Qt4 Window With NavigationToolbar          instantiate a widget, it will be the main one         self.mainwidget  QtGui.QWidgetself          create a vertical box layout widget         vbl  QtGui.QVBoxLayoutself.mainwidget          instantiate our Matplotlib canvas widget         qmc  Qt4MplCanvasself.mainwidget          instantiate the navigation toolbar         ntb  NavigationToolbarqmc, self.mainwidget          pack these widget into the vertical box         vbl.addWidgetqmc         vbl.addWidgetntb          set the focus on the main widget         self.mainwidget.setFocus          set the central widget of MainWindow to mainwidget         self.setCentralWidgetself.mainwidget  def main      create the GUI application     qApp  QtGui.QApplicationsys.argv      instantiate the ApplicationWindow widget     aw  ApplicationWindow      show the widget     aw.show     sys.exitqApp.exec  if name  main     main     codepre  pHow do I get the matplotlib graph displayed when the button is clicked p  pWhy does strongpythonw.exestrong crashp  h1EDITh1  pIf I wanted to pass arguments x  [1,2,3], y[1,1,1] to make the graph, would I put codeclass Qt4MplCanvasFigureCanvas def initself,parent,x,ycode, and when I construct it would I write codeqmc  Qt4MplCanvasself.mainwidget, [1,2,3], [1,1,1]codep  pIn codeinitcode for any Qt object, do we run the supers codeinitcode to initialize the Qt objects parent  Why are the arguments to codesuperMyMainWindow,selfcodep  pWhy do we use object in      codeclass UiMainWIndowobjectcode but we use QtGui.QMainWindow in      codeclass MyMainWindowQtGui.QMainWindowcodep  pAre object and QtGui.QMainWindow argumentsp  pWhen we construct a UiMainWindow, why do we write      codeself.ui  UiMainWindowcode and not     codeself.ui  UiMainWindowobjectcodep
Negative 802 pI have Facebook profile images which are usually big in widthheight. I am trying to show them in codeUITableViewcodes header.p  pRight Now I am using codeContentModeAspectFillcode. However the images are getting cut from top. I want the image bounds to start from y0. Why are the images clipping from the topp  pAny ideas how can I make codeUIImageViewcode not clipping the image from the top I have already tried this p  precode  NSArray mainArrayOfPaths  [self.thisUser.imagePath componentsSeparatedByString,] for int x  0 x lt mainArrayOfPaths.count x      NSLog, [mainArrayOfPaths objectAtIndexx]     CGRect frame     frame.origin.x  profileHeader.userDpScroll.frame.size.width  x     frame.origin.y  0     frame.size  profileHeader.userDpScroll.frame.size      UIImageView imgView  [[UIImageView alloc] init]     [imgView setImageWithURL[NSURL URLWithString[mainArrayOfPaths objectAtIndexx]] completedUIImage image, NSError error, SDImageCacheType cacheType            ]     [imgView sizeToFit]     imgView.contentMode  UIViewContentModeScaleAspectFill     imgView.clipsToBounds  YES     imgView.autoresizesSubviews  YES     imgView.frame  frame     imgView.tag  x     imgView.autoresizingMask  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleTopMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleBottomMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleLeftMargin  UIViewAutoresizingFlexibleRightMargin     [imgView setUserInteractionEnabledYES]     [imgView.layer setMasksToBoundsYES]      UITapGestureRecognizer tap  [[UITapGestureRecognizer alloc] initWithTargetself actionselectoropenFullScreenImg]      [imgView addGestureRecognizertap]      [imgView.layer setBorderColor [[UIColor whiteColor] CGColor]]     [imgView.layer setBorderWidth 2.0]     [profileHeader.userDpScroll addSubviewimgView]  codepre
Negative 802 pIm a beginner making a program in Qt creator. I made a button that should open Google Chrome using codeQtProcessexecutecode, but Im getting following errorsp  precodeFUsersAmol2DesktopImp DocsC appsbuildQtMainLProjectDesktopQt520MinGW32bitDebugdebugmocmainwindow.cpp71 error undefined reference to MainWindowbuttonClickHandler 1 error  ld returned 1 exit status codepre  pstrongcodemainwindow.cppcodestrongp  precodeinclude mainwindow.h include uimainwindow.h include ltQProcessgt  MainWindowMainWindowQWidget parent      QMainWindowparent,     uinew UiMainWindow      uigtsetupUithis   MainWindowMainWindow      delete ui    void MainWindowonopenChromeclicked      QString exeloc  FUsersAmol2AppDataLocalGoogleChromeApplicationchrome.exe     QProcessexecuteexeloc  codepre  pstrongcodemainwindow.hcodestrongp  precode    namespace Ui  class MainWindow   class MainWindow  public QMainWindow      QOBJECT  public     explicit MainWindowQWidget parent  0     MainWindow  public slots     void buttonClickHandler   public slots     void onopenChromeclicked  private     UiMainWindow ui  codepre  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 802 pI am trying to make a simple sum function that sums until I hit a blank cell. I am not sure why it is not working. I am trying to sum currency and have the output be a currency as well. So far I havep  precodeFunction SumContinX  Dim Ro As Long Dim Col As Long Dim Ro1 As Long Dim Col1 As Long  Ro  Application.WorksheetFunction.RowX Col  Application.WorksheetFunction.ColumnX   Do While CellsRo, Col ltgt  Sum  Sum  CIntCellsRo, Col Ro  Ro  1 Loop      End Function codepre
Negative 802 pCan someone help out with calculating a total row at the bottom of this PIVOT table pleasep  precode    select , [Drug1]  [Drug2]  [Drug3]  [Drug4]  [Drug5] as [Total] from          Select [id], [drug], [Diagnosis]             from DrugDiagnosis          as ptp         pivot              countid                  for drug                  in [Drug1], [Drug2], [Drug3], [Drug4], [Drug5]               as PivotTable codepre  pI know I can do it with a UNION and have a separate query to calc the totals, but that will double the hit on the database.  p  pI have found examples using ROLLUP and CUBE, but these are deprecated features so I dont want to use them.p  pAny other ideas, GROUPING SETS maybep
Negative 802 pFirefox 26.0 and IE 8 are giving me issues. Works fine in chrome. Been stuck for a long time now, anyone can help me outp  p.sectionBoxTitle p  precodeheight 40px margin 0px 0 60px 0 padding 0 color white background mozlineargradient100 100 90deg, 0b4bbb, 007fe4 background webkitgradientlinear, 0 0, 0 100, from0b4bbb, to007fe4 codepre  pp
Negative 802 pI really need your help but Im not even sure Im describing the problem well in my title.p  pI am working with xampp. I have made a long php script that reads an excel file that is already uploaded on the server and inserts telephone calls in my database. Here is my problem...p  pI tried using a big file so as to check my scripts endurancetimeouts etc etc.  So I used a file with 80.000 records.p  pMy jQuery code.ajaxcode sends the files url to the server and waits for an answer. I keep watching my mysql tables to see if all is going ok and after around 20ish minutes my mysql tables stop getting more records.p  pMy jQuery script receives no reply from the server though. After another 10 minutes or so, I get a AJAX 0 error. I check with firebug and I get absolutely no response from the server, so my page is standing there stuck and my database is getting no more records.p  pIts not the default time limit that php has sincep  ul liI changed itli liWhen it was that, I used to get an error response from the server.  Now I get nothing except from the AJAX 0 error which I dont even know what it means for sure.li ul  pSo is there any possible explanationp  pIs it server relatedp  pAnd if so, Im running on a windows 2008 R2 server. Where should I checkp  pFinally, since when it comes to php Im a total noob, especially when I need to handle a lot of data, is there maybe a better way to work except for excel I noticed its quite slow and buggy sometimes...What are your suggestionsp  pThanks in advancep  pemstrongememstrong EDIT strongemstrongp  pI should have mentioned that my script runs fine with small files 3000ish records up to 9000ish records and returns the intended success message but for this file it doesnt...Will follow your advise thanks for your answersp
Negative 802 pIn quartzjobs.xml, I can set some parameters for the job.....p  precode   ltjobgt         ltnamegtMyJobltnamegt         ltgroupgtMyJobltgroupgt         ltdescriptiongtMy Jobltdescriptiongt         ltjobtypegtMyAssembly.MyJob, MyAssemblyltjobtypegt         ltdurablegttrueltdurablegt         ltrecovergtfalseltrecovergt         ltjobdatamapgt             ltentrygt                 ltkeygtJobMapDataKeyOneltkeygt                 ltvaluegtJobMapDataValueOneltvaluegt             ltentrygt             ltentrygt                 ltkeygtJobMapDataKeyTwoltkeygt                 ltvaluegtJobMapDataValueTwoltvaluegt             ltentrygt         ltjobdatamapgt      ltjobgt codepre  pand here is the codep  precodepublic class MyJob IJob       public virtual void ExecuteIJobExecutionContext context               JobKey key  context.JobDetail.Key          JobDataMap jbDataMap  context.JobDetail.JobDataMap          string jobMapDataValueOne  jbDataMap.GetStringJobMapDataKeyOne         string jobMapDataValueTwo  jbDataMap.GetStringJobMapDataKeyOne        codepre  pNow, I can code up a job and trigger not using .xml setup code not seen.... and I can get the below to work. And have populated values for triggerParameter001Value and triggerParameter002Value .p  precodepublic class MyJob IJob       public virtual void ExecuteIJobExecutionContext context               JobKey key  context.JobDetail.Key          JobDataMap trgDataMap  context.Trigger.JobDataMap          string triggerParameter001Value  trgDataMap.GetStringTriggerParameter001Key         string triggerParameter002Value  trgDataMap.GetStringTriggerParameter002Key        codepre  pBut I dont see a way to pass parameters for the Trigger...strongemdefined in the xmlemstrong.p  pI searched for p  precodetriggerdatamap codepre  pandp  precodejobtriggerdatamap codepre  pto no avail.p  pI fished around the a hrefhttpquartznet.sourceforge.netJobSchedulingData relnofollowhttpquartznet.sourceforge.netJobSchedulingDataa xsd as well. Is this just missing in the xml Am I missing somethingp
Negative 802 pI try to configure spring with tiles and create a website  one to mane relation  Klient  Pobyt and got a question regarding configuration. p  pI have got a class Klient and a class Pobyt, I also set up a view, but I am getting a null pointer exception when using code klient.idKlientacode in order to connect a klient to a list of pobyts.  I am getting a org.postgresql.util.PSQLException Error in postgresSQL syntax.  Using a concrete value in sql works fine.  Any idea what is wrongp  pCould yoy helpp  pHere is the .jspp  precodeltpage languageJava contentTypetexthtml charsetUTF8     pageEncodingUTF8gt lttaglib urihttpwww.springframework.orgtagsform prefixformgt lttaglib urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlcore prefixcgt lttaglib urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlsql prefixsqlgt  lthtml gt ltheadgt lttitlegtInsert title herelttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt ltsqlsetDataSource varpostgres driverorg.postgresql.Driver urljdbcpostgresqllocalhost5432MASPRO userpostgres passwordqwe scopesession gt     ltsqlquery dataSourcepostgres varresultgt SELECT  from Pobyt where idklientaklient.idKlienta  when entering an existing id fe. 1 it works fine ltsqlquerygt  lttable border1 width100gt lttrgt ltthgtId Pobytultthgt ltthgtData odltthgt ltthgtdoltthgt ltthgtId klientaltthgt lttrgt ltcforEach varrow itemsresult.rowsgt lttrgt lttdgtltcout valuerow.idpobytugtlttdgt lttdgtltcout valuerow.datazameldowaniagtlttdgt lttdgtltcout valuerow.datawymeldowaniagtlttdgt lttdgtltcout valuerow.idklienta gtlttdgt lttrgt ltcforEachgt lttablegt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pPobytBean and KlientBeanp  precodepublic class PobytBean   private Integer idPobytu private Date dataZameldowania private Date dataWymeldowania private Integer idKlienta  public class KlientBean   private Integer idKlienta private String imie private String nazwisko  private String nrTelefonu private String eMail codepre  pKlient and Pobytp  precodeEntity Tablename  Klient public class Klient implements Serializable         private static final long serialVersionUID  1L Id GeneratedValue ColumnnameidKlienta private Integer idKlienta Columnname  imie private String imie Columnname  nazwisko private String nazwisko  Columnname  nrTelefonu private String nrTelefonu Columnname  eMail private String eMail   Entity Tablename  Pobyt  public class Pobyt implements Serializable        private static final long serialVersionUID  1L Id GeneratedValue Columnname  idPobytu private Integer idPobytu Columnname  dataZameldowania TemporalTemporalType.DATE private Date dataZameldowania Columnname  dataWymeldowania TemporalTemporalType.DATE private Date dataWymeldowania  ManyToOne JoinColumnnameidKlienta, insertablefalse, updatablefalse public Klient klient  private Integer idKlienta codepre  pHere is the .jsp from where I try to get to the concrete list of pobyts p  precodelt page languagejava contentTypetexthtml charsetISO88591 pageEncodingISO88591gt lt taglib urihttpjava.sun.comjspjstlcore prefixcgt ltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD HTML 4.01 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRhtml4loose.dtdgt  lthtmlgt  ltheadgt  lttitlegtPobytylttitlegt  ltheadgt  ltbodygt lth1gtLista klientowlth1gt ltcif testempty kliencigt     lttable alignleft border1gt              lttrgt             ltthgtKlient idltthgt             ltthgtImieltthgt             ltthgtNazwiskoltthgt             ltthgtNr Telefonultthgt             ltthgteMailltthgt             ltthgtAkcjaltthgt         lttrgt          ltcforEach itemsklienci varklientgt             lttrgt                 lttdgtltcout valueklient.idKlienta gtlttdgt                 lttdgtltcout valueklient.imie gtlttdgt                 lttdgtltcout valueklient.nazwisko gtlttdgt                 lttdgtltcout valueklient.nrTelefonu gtlttdgt                 lttdgtltcout valueklient.eMail gtlttdgt                 lttdgtlta hrefopenKlient.htmlidklient.idKlientagtOtwrzltagtlttdgt             lttrgt         ltcforEachgt     lttablegt ltcifgt   ltbodygt   lthtmlgt codepre  pemUpdateemp  precodeSEVERE Servlet.service for servlet jsp threw exception org.postgresql.util.PSQLException org.postgresql.util.psqlexception error syntax error at end of input Position 44     at org.postgresql.core.v3.QueryExecutorImpl.receiveErrorResponseQueryExecutorImpl.java2101     at org.postgresql.core.v3.QueryExecutorImpl.processResultsQueryExecutorImpl.java1834     at org.postgresql.core.v3.QueryExecutorImpl.executeQueryExecutorImpl.java255     at org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2Statement.executeAbstractJdbc2Statement.java510     at org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2Statement.executeWithFlagsAbstractJdbc2Statement.java386     at org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2Statement.executeQueryAbstractJdbc2Statement.java271     at org.apache.taglibs.standard.tag.common.sql.QueryTagSupport.doEndTagQueryTagSupport.java224     at org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.views.openKlientjsp.jspxmethsql005fquery005f0openKlientjsp.java202     at org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.views.openKlientjsp.jspServiceopenKlientjsp.java91     at org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.serviceHttpJspBase.java70     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     at org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java432     at org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390     at org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java305     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.invokeApplicationDispatcher.java749     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.doIncludeApplicationDispatcher.java605     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.includeApplicationDispatcher.java544     at org.apache.jasper.runtime.JspRuntimeLibrary.includeJspRuntimeLibrary.java954     at org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.doIncludePageContextImpl.java684     at org.apache.jasper.runtime.PageContextImpl.includePageContextImpl.java678     at org.apache.tiles.jsp.context.JspTilesRequestContext.includeJspTilesRequestContext.java103     at org.apache.tiles.jsp.context.JspTilesRequestContext.dispatchJspTilesRequestContext.java96     at org.apache.tiles.renderer.impl.TemplateAttributeRenderer.writeTemplateAttributeRenderer.java44     at org.apache.tiles.renderer.impl.AbstractBaseAttributeRenderer.renderAbstractBaseAttributeRenderer.java106     at org.apache.tiles.renderer.impl.ChainedDelegateAttributeRenderer.writeChainedDelegateAttributeRenderer.java76     at org.apache.tiles.renderer.impl.AbstractBaseAttributeRenderer.renderAbstractBaseAttributeRenderer.java106     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java670     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java336     at org.apache.tiles.template.InsertAttributeModel.renderAttributeInsertAttributeModel.java210     at org.apache.tiles.template.InsertAttributeModel.endInsertAttributeModel.java126     at org.apache.tiles.jsp.taglib.InsertAttributeTag.doTagInsertAttributeTag.java311     at org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.views.mainTemplatejsp.jspxmethtiles005finsertAttribute005f3mainTemplatejsp.java180     at org.apache.jsp.WEB002dINF.views.mainTemplatejsp.jspServicemainTemplatejsp.java94     at org.apache.jasper.runtime.HttpJspBase.serviceHttpJspBase.java70     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     at org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServletWrapper.serviceJspServletWrapper.java432     at org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspFileJspServlet.java390     at org.apache.jasper.servlet.JspServlet.serviceJspServlet.java334     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java305     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.invokeApplicationDispatcher.java749     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.processRequestApplicationDispatcher.java487     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.doForwardApplicationDispatcher.java412     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationDispatcher.forwardApplicationDispatcher.java339     at org.apache.tiles.servlet.context.ServletTilesRequestContext.forwardServletTilesRequestContext.java241     at org.apache.tiles.servlet.context.ServletTilesRequestContext.dispatchServletTilesRequestContext.java222     at org.apache.tiles.renderer.impl.TemplateAttributeRenderer.writeTemplateAttributeRenderer.java44     at org.apache.tiles.renderer.impl.AbstractBaseAttributeRenderer.renderAbstractBaseAttributeRenderer.java106     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java670     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java690     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java644     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java627     at org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java321     at org.springframework.web.servlet.view.tiles2.TilesView.renderMergedOutputModelTilesView.java124     at org.springframework.web.servlet.view.AbstractView.renderAbstractView.java250     at org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.renderDispatcherServlet.java1060     at org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatchDispatcherServlet.java798     at org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doServiceDispatcherServlet.java716     at org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java647     at org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGetFrameworkServlet.java552     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java305     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java210     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java222     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java123     at org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java472     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java171     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java99     at org.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve.invokeAccessLogValve.java947     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java118     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java408     at org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1009     at org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java589     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.JIoEndpointSocketProcessor.runJIoEndpoint.java310     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1110     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java603     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java722 codepre  pAnd the server is complaining about p  precodeorg.springframework.web.util.NestedServletException Request processing failed nested exception is org.apache.tiles.impl.CannotRenderException ServletException including path WEBINFviewsmainTemplate.jsp.     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java659     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGetFrameworkServlet.java552     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 codepre  proot cause p  precodeorg.apache.tiles.impl.CannotRenderException ServletException including path WEBINFviewsmainTemplate.jsp.     org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java692     org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java644     org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java627     org.apache.tiles.impl.BasicTilesContainer.renderBasicTilesContainer.java321     org.springframework.web.servlet.view.tiles2.TilesView.renderMergedOutputModelTilesView.java124     org.springframework.web.servlet.view.AbstractView.renderAbstractView.java250     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.renderDispatcherServlet.java1060     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatchDispatcherServlet.java798     org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doServiceDispatcherServlet.java716     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java647     org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGetFrameworkServlet.java552     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java621     javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java728 codepre  pI tried to search for logs and what I have found is p  pTomcat log p  precode00000001   [22Feb2014183440 0100] GET MASKoncowywelcome.html HTTP1.1 200 1786 00000001   [22Feb2014183443 0100] GET MASKoncowyklienci.html HTTP1.1 200 2441 00000001   [22Feb2014183444 0100] GET MASKoncowyopenKlient.htmlid1 HTTP1.1 500 17745 codepre  pIn Pglog I have found what Ive already postedp  precode20140222 184336 CET error syntax error at end of input Position 44 20140222 184336 CET Query   SELECT  from Pobyt where idKlienta   codepre  pSo the problem is the idKlienta is not passed to the query How can I solve itp
Negative 802 pIve created some tiles with CSS3. Inside every tile div, there is an image and some text. The text is displayed when you hover over the image.p  pstrongThe tiles can be seen in a hrefhttpcodepen.ioanonpenKiyHl relnofollowthis CodePena.strongp  pHowever, as you can see, the tiles automatically take the height of tiletext, but I want them to adjust to the hieght of the image. I know you can do this by setting position relative instead of absolute, but then the hover doenst work anymore.p  pDoes anyone know how to fix this Im really lost, so it would be greatly appreciatedp  pstrongP.S. Unfortunately, Im not allowed to use Javascript or JQuery for this project.strongp
Negative 802 pI am deploying my MDBs EJB3.1 on JBoss7.1.1 application server. When I use Resource for Datasource injection, I use global JNDI reference name ENC  local JNDI reference name and it works just fine. But, from page 147 of this a hrefhttpwww.manning.companda relnofollowbooka I can see the below statement.p  blockquote   pEJB 3 essentially assumes that all JNDI names used   in code are local references and automatically prepends names with the java   compenv prefix.p blockquote  pDoes this actually say first it looks for global JNDI reference and if not found, then prepend ENC assuming it is a local JNDI reference Or Is this completely application server implementation specific Global JNDI name has to be specified with mappedName property of Resource but it works with namep
Negative 802 pOk I have been coordinating the work of two ladies in order to get a complete csv I will want to import into our AD .p  pstrongMaster spreadsheetstrong p  precodecsvMasterData  SelectObject Name, Username, Mail, Business, Team, Role, Phone, Mobile    codepre  pHere my Team column is emptyp  pstrongOther spreadsheets that do have the Team against the Namestrongp  precodeanneCSVFiles  Anne1.csv,Anne2.csv,Anne3.csv, Anne4.csv ,Anne5.csv nameAndTeamCsvData  null   extract the name and team from each of the files  which were essentially tabs on    another spreadsheet anneCSVFiles       nameAndTeamCsvData  Importcsv    SelectObject Name, Team   codepre  pOk so far good  I have tested both by writing to filep  pNow I want to emrecreate csvMasterDataem but this time I want do a dynamic lookup through Name  on nameAndTeamCsvData so that I can populate the strongTeamstrong value for each strongNamestrong col per a row. I got as far as this intermediate step which I was hoping to use as a function or pipeline p  precode  team  nameAndTeamCsvData  SelectObject Team If Name Contains Dan The Man  codepre  pBut then I get a bit stuck .. Can someone put me out of my mystery  and suggest how I can get my dynamic lookup to workp  pDanielp
Negative 802 pMy unix timestamp is something like this code1386181800code.p  pI have to convert it into Javascript readable Date format which looks like this ,and all this iam trying to come up in python.p  precodenew Date2010,0,3,10,10 codepre
Negative 802 pIs it possible to create a dictionary of enum values Example below what I need.p  pstrongExamplestrongp  precodekey  0, value  Unknown key  1, value  Another etc.. codepre  pstrongCode snippet of enumstrongp  precodepublic enum MyEnum      Unknown  0,     Another  1,     ...  codepre  pstrongMy attemptstrongp  precode var values  Enum.GetValuestypeofMyeNum  var namesames  Enum.GetNamestypeofMyeNum     Save values  foreach var i in values         dictionaryList.Addi,    codepre
Negative 802 pI thought I saw it in ServiceStack 4 release notes, but search is failing me.  For ServiceStack, does  ORMLite have the ability to create a clustered index in code firstp
Negative 802 pI have a situation where I have multiple activities that deal with a single global list of objects.p  pFrom activity A, I can start an asynctask which sends an HTTP Get request to retrieve an XML message then parses the XML file into a series of objects.p  pMy aim is to be able to refresh all views, only if the underlying data structure changes.p  pThis should ideally mean that I can launch activity A, call an asynctask, move onto activity B, C D etc, and when the asynctask completes no matter what activity I am on the current view should be updated.p  pIve looked into broadcast listeners but I am not sure I am on the right direction with this, would it be possible for somebody to explain if this is possiblep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI found a snippet of code on a website that i have never seem before. I searched and couldnt find an answer for it, and even tried contacting the webmaster... So lets see if someone here can. It is a meta tag that says seoseo[requested  1]metakeysp  precodeltmeta namekeywords contentseoseo[requested  1]metadescriptiongt ltmeta namekeywords contentseoseo[requested  1]metakeysgt codepre
Negative 802 pstrongWhats wrongstrong There seems to be a reasonably large animation glitch in UITableViews method p  precodedeleteRowsAtIndexPaths withRowAnimation UITableViewRowAnimationAutomatic codepre  pbrp  pstrongTo reproduce itstrong Insert a row at the bottom of a section using insertRowsAtIndexPaths withRowAnimation  in my case this happens on a UISwitch action. Scroll the cell upwards, until it is out of sight. Scroll the cell back down into view. Delete the row via the above call when the switch action is triggered again.p  pThe animation will make the bottom cell that is being deleted slide up emoverem the above cell, rather than the expected slide underneath as expected.p  pbrp  pstrongHow can I get around this issuestrong Is there something I could be doing wrong, or is this a bug In the second case, how can I hide the issuep
Negative 802 pI am saving datetime in timestamp string using the followingp  precodedatedefaulttimezonesetEuropeLondon  bdatetime  31032016 2152             date  new DateTimebdatetime             bdatetimeTS  dategtgetTimestamp codepre  pwhich is saving fine. And I can fetch that timestamp and convert it back to its original format using following in angular jsp  precodelttdgtitem.bdatetime  1000  dateddMMyylttdgt codepre  pwhich is displaying fine all the list of records. p  pNow I need to edit individual records, in edit form, I have the following fieldp  precodeltinput typetext ngmodelbdatetime valuebdatetime  1000  dateddMMyy namebdatetime iddatetimepicker requiredgt codepre  pin JS and binding it using the followingp  precodescope.bdatetime  data[0].bdatetime         codepre  pwhich is showing timestamp in input field rather then showing time date in format in the specific format.p  pI know how to convert timestamp to datetime format for a hrefhttpdocs.angularjs.orgaping.filter3adate relnofollownonbindablea. p  pHow can I do this for bindable input fieldp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions20677970angularjsgettimestampfromahumanreadabledateThis is from string to time stampa but I kind of need a reverse solution from timestamp to input fields.p
Negative 802 pI want to write a regular expression that will accept all the words that follow this rulesp  ol liThe word will only contain capital letters and numbersli liThe numbers will always be after the lettersli liThere will be an even pairs of capital letters followed by a numberli liA digit can only appear once in the word.li ol  pThese are good wordsp  precodeT3L9A8L4 A1B2 Q2W4E6R8A1B3D5F7 codepre  pThese are bad wordsp  precodeT3 TT33 Y3Y4Y6 T1A2B3T1 codepre  pHow do I write the regex for this Sorry for not adding any code  dont know how to start writing it. p
Negative 802 pIm receiving a JSONObject like thisp  precodetagvalue1, tagvalue2, ............. codepre  pHow do I make it into a String array of p  precode[value1, value2] codepre
Negative 802 pGiven the following HTML string, parsed by lxmlp  precodeltstrong classfootergt    ltspan classiconnewgtlti classiconnewgtltspangt    16  ltstronggt codepre  pHow can I extract the number strong16strong with XPathp
Negative 802 pI have a list of div elements which are displayed with a horizontal scrollbar.p  pAll elements inside those divs are horizontally centered, which is good, but they are not aligned correctlyp  pI have the following structurep  precodeltdivgt   ltdivgt     ltimg gt     ltp gt   ltdivgt   ltdivgt     ltimg gt     ltp gt   ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netkSnq4 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netkSnq4ap  pIf you look at the jsFiddle youll see what the problem is. All elements should be aligned to the top.p  pAm i doing this the right way If so, what should i do to fix itp
Negative 802 pIm using select distinct in order to return only data that is different but I want it to base the distinction on all columns without including the aggsourcetagtagname in the distinction. p  pHere is my queryp  precodeSELECT DISTINCT aggarticletitle,aggarticlelink,aggarticlemedia,aggarticledescription,aggarticlesourcename, aggsourcetagtagname, aggsourceurl FROM aggarticle join aggsource ON aggarticlesourcename  aggsourcename join aggsourcetag ON aggsourcename  aggsourcetagsourcename  WHERE aggsourceincluded  1  codepre  pIm getting the following resultp  precodeaggarticletitle  aggarticlelink  aggarticlemedia  aggarticledescription  aggarticlesourcename  aggsourcetagtagname  aggsourceurl   some title 1       some link 1       some media 1       some description 1       some source name 1       tag1                     someurl1         some title 1       some link 1       some media 1       some description 1       some source name 1       tag2                     someurl1        codepre  pI get the following returned because all the columns are in fact distinct because of aggsourcetagtagname, however, I only want one row back because I want to omit aggsourcetagtagname from the distinction. p
Negative 802 pIm using codebashcode 4.1.  I am using a letter to delimit the date and the time fields of a date string to be converted by codedatecode.  It appears that each letter causes a different value from 5 to 18 to be added to the time specified. But note that codeJcode results in an error.  I cannot find an explanation for this behaviour in either the codemancode or the codeinfocode pages.  Can someone enlighten mep  precode date d 20140101A000000 Tue Dec 31 190000 CST 2013  date d 20140101B000000 Tue Dec 31 200000 CST 2013  date d 20140101C000000 Tue Dec 31 210000 CST 2013  date d 20140101D000000 Tue Dec 31 220000 CST 2013  date d 20140101E000000 Tue Dec 31 230000 CST 2013  date d 20140101F000000 Wed Jan  1 000000 CST 2014  date d 20140101G000000 Wed Jan  1 010000 CST 2014  date d 20140101H000000 Wed Jan  1 020000 CST 2014  date d 20140101I000000 Wed Jan  1 030000 CST 2014  date d 20140101J000000 date invalid date 20140101J000000  date d 20140101K000000 Wed Jan  1 040000 CST 2014  date d 20140101L000000 Wed Jan  1 050000 CST 2014  date d 20140101M000000 Wed Jan  1 060000 CST 2014  date d 20140101N000000 Tue Dec 31 170000 CST 2013  date d 20140101O000000 Tue Dec 31 160000 CST 2013  date d 20140101P000000 Tue Dec 31 150000 CST 2013  date d 20140101Q000000 Tue Dec 31 140000 CST 2013  date d 20140101R000000 Tue Dec 31 130000 CST 2013  date d 20140101S000000 Tue Dec 31 120000 CST 2013  date d 20140101T000000 Tue Dec 31 110000 CST 2013  date d 20140101U000000 Tue Dec 31 100000 CST 2013  date d 20140101V000000 Tue Dec 31 090000 CST 2013  date d 20140101W000000 Tue Dec 31 080000 CST 2013  date d 20140101X000000 Tue Dec 31 070000 CST 2013  date d 20140101Y000000 Tue Dec 31 060000 CST 2013  date d 20140101Z000000 Tue Dec 31 180000 CST 2013 codepre
Negative 802 pI have setup a failover cluster in Windows Server 2012 which contains two nodes. I have used Microsoft MSMQ for communication. If I try the write on the queue remotely using the node name codeDIRECTOSmymachineprivateMyQueueQueuecode then I am able to write on it but when I use the virtual IP of the cluster then the message got stuck in Outgoing Queuesp  ol liI have disabled the firewall.li liI am able to telnet to the MSMQ port code1801code from node IPs but not able to telnet with the virtual IP which is used by failover clusterli ol
Negative 802 pI am very new in android and trying to develop application to load all mp3 files from server to listview and by clicking list item it should play that mp3 file directly from server.p  pSomehow i am able to list all mp3 files from server to listview but when i click on listviews item to play that particular song it giving me following error.p  pstrongLogcatstrongp  precode0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276 java.lang.ClassCastException java.net.URL cannot be cast to java.lang.String 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at iqual.fidolfinal.ServerFileList1.onItemClickServerFileList.java72 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.widget.AdapterView.performItemClickAdapterView.java295 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.widget.AbsListView.performItemClickAbsListView.java1073 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.widget.AbsListViewPerformClick.runAbsListView.java2577 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.widget.AbsListView1.runAbsListView.java3302 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java605 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java92 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java154 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java4624 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNativeNative Method 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java511 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java809 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java576 0218 114958.266 EAndroidRuntime8276     at dalvik.system.NativeStart.mainNative Method codepre  pstrongJava Codestrongp  precodepublic class ServerFileList extends Activity implements         OnBufferingUpdateListener, OnErrorListener, OnPreparedListener       Uri uri     URL urlAudio     ListView mListView     PlaySongAsy play      ProgressDialog pDialog     JSONParser jParser  new JSONParser     MediaPlayer mp  new MediaPlayer     private ListltStringgt myList  new ArrayListltStringgt      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          this.requestWindowFeatureWindow.FEATURENOTITLE         super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.serverfilelist          mListView  ListView findViewByIdR.id.listAudio          if Const.server  0              new getAudiofromServer.execute          else              new getVideofromServer.execute                    new downloadAudio.execute          mListView.setOnItemClickListenernew OnItemClickListener              Override             public void onItemClickAdapterViewltgt parent, View view,                     int position, long id                   playSongurlAudio  myList.getposition                 play  PlaySongAsy new PlaySongAsymyList.getposition                         .replace , 20.trim.execute                                 class PlaySongAsy extends AsyncTaskltString, Void, Booleangt           String baseURL          public PlaySongAsyString baseURL              this.baseURL  baseURL                   Override         protected void onPreExecute               TODO Autogenerated method stub             super.onPreExecute             pDialog  ProgressDialog.showServerFileList.this,                         Buffering..., please wait.., false             pDialog.setCancelablefalse                    Override         protected Boolean doInBackgroundString... urls              new Thread                  Override                 public void run                      playbaseURL                              .start             return true                   Override         protected void onPostExecuteBoolean result              super.onPostExecuteresult              progressDialog.dismiss                    private void playString baseURL          Uri myUri  Uri.parsebaseURL         try              if mp  null                  this.mp  new MediaPlayer              else                  mp.stop                 mp.reset                          mp.setDataSourcethis, myUri  Go to Initialized state              mp.setAudioStreamTypeAudioManager.STREAMMUSIC             mp.setOnPreparedListenerthis             mp.setOnBufferingUpdateListenerthis             mp.setOnErrorListenerthis              mp.prepareAsync               mp.setVolume5.F, 5.F              Log.d, LoadClip Done          catch Throwable t              Log.d, t.toString                    public void updateProgressint currentSize, int totalSize          TextView mTextView  new TextViewServerFileList.this         mTextView.setTextLong.toStringcurrentSize  totalSize  100             codepre
Negative 802 pI have the following code in code.htaccesscode. It doesnt seem to work for some reason. Can anyone see why Its in the root of my website.p  precodeOptions FollowSymLinks RewriteEngine On  Limit redirects at once stops server crash  RewriteOptions MaxRedirects10  Redirect visitors to www. version of website  RewriteCond HTTPHOST www. [NC]  RewriteRule . httpwww.MYDOMAIN.COM1 [R301] codepre  pObviously, codemydomain.comcode is my domain name. Thanks in advance to anyone who can spot any problemsp  pUPDATEp  pThis works no problems. But if I access codemydomain.comlink1link2code then it does not work.p  pThe .htaccess for link2 isp  precodesettings  Options FollowSymLinks  RewriteEngine On homepage  DirectoryIndex index.php codepre  pAnd for link1p  precodelinkgenerator never used, but temp redirect for neatness  Redirect 302 fbwikilinkgenerator fbwikilinkgenerator  Serve error pages   ErrorDocument 400 link1error.php   ErrorDocument 401 link1error.php   ErrorDocument 403 link1error.phpstatus403   ErrorDocument 404 link1error.phpstatus404   ErrorDocument 500 link1error.phpstatus500 codepre
Negative 802 pI mean,if we use some binarybased language,we prevent the SQL injection throughy dont wep
Negative 802 pIm trying to return content nodes based on terms that the user has selected. The following is my cypher query as it isp  precode    MATCH          contentcontent[TAGGEDWITH]termterm     WHERE         term.UUID IN includedTerms         AND NOT term.UUID IN excludedTerms     RETURN DISTINCT content.whatever codepre  pWhere codeincludedTermscode is an array of UUIDs for the terms to be included.p  pThe problem is that it is returning content connected to any of the included term nodes rather than content that is connected to each of the included term nodes. p  pI realize that the query is returning exactly what Im telling it to. The question is how can I specify that the content must be tagged with every and not any of the term nodes that the user has selectedp  pThanks a lot let me know if there is any needed clarification.p
Negative 802 pI want to load and display multiple images on a canvas. The image sources are saved in an arrayp  precodevar sources  ..srcimgIMG1284.JPG, ..srcimgIMG1285.JPG, ..srcimgIMG1286.JPG, ..srcimgIMG1287.JPG, ..srcimgIMG1288.JPG codepre  pI found this tutorial a hrefhttpwww.html5canvastutorials.comtutorialshtml5canvasimageloader relnofollowhttpwww.html5canvastutorials.comtutorialshtml5canvasimageloaderap  pBut I dont know how I can adapt this code to my sources array.  Additionally, I want to set every image draggable, but I think this is not possible with context.drawImage... p  pHope my problem is understandable. Thanks for your help...p
Negative 802 pIve to replace everything between two strings in GWT. For example,p  pIn The string codeltscriptgt something ... start .... ltscriptgtcode I want to replace everything between codestartcode and codeltscriptgtcode.p  pI used codetheString.replaceAllstart.ltscriptgt, code but nothing happens.p  pI tried this in a Java program it replace everything from codestartcode but this doesnt happen in GWT client side code.p  pHow do we achieve thisp
Negative 802 pI have a Oracle stored procedure which returns a codeSYSREFCURSORcode. I want to return custom Parameters which is declared inside the stored Procedure. Now, when i call it inside my applicationC, it doesnt show me the column names, instead it gives me names as codeB1code,codeB2code.. etc. How can I achieve this.p  pORACLE EGp  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE uspMyStoredProcedure      OUTPUTDATA  OUT SYSREFCURSOR  IS PNAME VARCHAR2 PAGE  VARCHAR2 PDOB  VARCHAR2 BEGIN      SELECT NAME INTO PNAME FROM TABLE1      SELECT AGE INTO PAGE FROM TABLE2      SELECT DOB INTO PDOB FROM TABLE3 OPEN OUTPUTDATA FOR     SELECT PNAME,PAGE,PDOB FROM DUAL END codepre  pNow, when I execute the above code I get the column names as codeB1code,codeB2code,codeB3.code How can i get the column names as codePNAMEcode,codePAGEcode,codePDOBcode or some other codealiascode names Is it possilbe The same codeSELECT QUERYcode if you create in codeMSSQLcode you will get the Parameter names as Column namesp  hr  pI already tried p  precodeSELECT PNAME as Name,PAGE as Age,PDOB as DOB FROM DUAL codepre  pBut then also im getting the same old resultp  hr  blockquote   pTHE QUERY WITH ALIAS NAME WAS NOT SAVED WHEN I TRIED.p blockquote
Negative 802 pI am looking for a way to take user input for two sentences and then have the user pick a number that would have the program check to see if the word that corresponds to that number is the same in both sentences.p  pSo if there were 8 words in each sentence and they chose number 4, the program would compare the fourth word on both sentences and then tell the user that the two Strings match.p  pWould it be better to use arrays or just stringsp  pWould I use split in this instance p
Negative 802 pFirstly Id like to say that Im new to LXC and I may have some problems getting the right idea of how the things should work. The thing is Im trying to start a previously download vagrantlxc box that holds an Ubuntu 12.04 x32. My development PC is running Ubuntu 13.10 x64 and lxc 1.0.0.alpha1 installed from the Ubuntu official repositories. When I run vagrant up providerlxc Im always getting p  precodeThere was an error executing [sudo, lxccreate, template, vagranttmplxctestdefault1393431786, name, lxctestdefault1393431786, f, homeccvera.vagrant.dboxeslxcubuntu12.04lxclxc.conf, , tarball, homeccvera.vagrant.dboxeslxcubuntu12.04lxcrootfs.tar.gz, authkey, optvagrantembeddedgemsgemsvagrant1.3.5keysvagrant.pub] codepre  pI might be making a dumb error here so my questions are p  ol lipIs there any problem running a box of x32 container inside a x64 host using LXCpli lipIs there any problem running a box with a different Ubuntu version Kernel version that the host machine does In may case Ubuntu 12.04 kernel 2.6 vs Ubuntu 13.10 kernel 3.11pli lipIn the case that 1, 2 do not apply, then, how can I figure out whats the problem prepending codeVAGRANTLOGDEBUGcode didnt make the trick, it just shows the above errors many times.pli lipIn the case that 1 or 2 do apply, then, how can I overcome the situation, I need fast and well performance on test virtual machines, so I think I need containers, but it is not feasible to me that the developers should have the same OS as the testing VMspli ol
Negative 802 pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netBwdfw94 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netBwdfw94ap  pI am in the final stage of my coding but with few requirements still need to be fulfilled.p  ol lipthree buttons in my code to follow systematic order while clicking with mouse. the order is as follow button1button3button2. so the same order should be followed in the entire process. No point or score is given for wrong order of buttons clickedpli lipin my code i done an incremental score and time of 60 sec is given, but i dont know how to set target score with in a given timep  pTarget Score of 30 should be reached within 60 sec else an alert prompt will be notified.pli ol  pI Tried my best to give full details of what i am doing and what i need to achieve. if any data needed i can post in the reply...p  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netBwdfw94 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netBwdfw94ap  precodeltdiv idtimergtltdivgt  ltdiv idscoregtScore 0ltdivgt ltbutton idone typebuttongtButton1ltbuttongt ltbutton idtwo typebuttongtButton2ltbuttongt              ltbutton idthree typebuttongtButton3ltbuttongt codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a simple graphing calculator where a user enters a function of f like fx  x22x6. Basically the javascript replaces the x in the function with some number and then evaluates the function using eval. The problem is, I want users to be able to type x2 instead of default javascript which would be Math.powx,2. Im guessing its going to be some regular expression but I have little experience with them and find them really confusing, personally. Is it possible to convert a statement like x3x2 to Math.powx,3Math.powx,2 p  pHelp greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI am developing a windows phone 8 app, in which I am using MicrophoneRecorder class to record a sound file in .m4a format amp playing it successfully. I used to upload that file to server amp save it there. When I downloaded the file it is showing that the file is in .m4a format.  Problem is occurring when the same file is downloaded in iPhone, it is not playing though it is a .m4a file amp iPhone supports it.p  pCan anyone help or suggest where I am going wrong.p
Negative 802 pIm looking for access to a crime report API for the USor good parts of it. Ive been looking around but having trouble finding a public one. Its for an app that I am making. If anyone could help point me in the right direction, that would be of great help.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pSo I have a string which is from a text file, essentially the text file is just 5 lines which readp  precodex1 y15 z128 topx100 leftx150 label this is a test codepre  pI am able to get the split to work once which separates via the  sign, but when I try to split the string again by n nothing works, I have tried using rn, line.Separator etc. but the string value always stays the same, basically the 5 lines without the characters before the  sign. How would I pull out the individual lines to assign variables top  pHere is the code I have, basically the println is to try and see if I can get the first value 1 to list separate from the rest of the lines.p  precode    public static void mainString[] a   15   draw d  new draw  16   Read r  new Read  17   String m  r.doReadvariables.txt  18   19   String[] ss  new String[5]    20   ss  m.splitn  21   22   String[] kv new String[5]  23   for int i0 iltss.length i   24           kv  ss[i].split  25           String eol  System.getPropertyline.seperator   26           String test  kv[1]  27           String[] split  new String[5]  28           split  test.splitn  29             30             31   32              33           String first  split[0]    34           String second  split[1]         35           String third  split[2]  36           String fourth  split[3]  37           String fifth  split[4]        38           System.out.printlnfirst  39            codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to create some CSS selectors using SASS mixin and for directive, like thisp  precodecolors comedy, drama, thriller, scifi colornames comedy, drama, thriller, scifi  mixin taxonomycolorproperty    for i from 1 through lengthcolornames      .nthcolornames, i         backgroundcolor nthcolors, i           include taxonomycolorbackgroundcolor codepre  pThe above works, but when I change codebackgroundcolor nthcolors, icode to codeproperty nthcolors, icode the CSS is compiled without errors, but I get no output from this mixin. Can anyone tell me why is my logic faulty Im using SASS 3.3.0.rc.2.p
Negative 802 pIm looking for a way to store random sets of bits into an array. The code below isnt complete but I just want help understanding how to randomize a set of bits.p  precodepublic static boolean[] makeRandomBitsint size      BitSet[] bitArray  new BitSet[size]     forint i0 iltsize i         bitArray[i].setRight here is where my confusion is           other stuff below  codepre  pIm looking for the output to be something along the lines of 01101001p
Negative 802 pI have a problem with native HTC One keyboard in multilanguage environment.p  pThere is a button on the keyboard which allows to switch the language img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxlFVB.png altENRU Buttonp  pWhen I enter the text in plain EditText this button is enabled, so I can enter text using any language.p  pHowever when the inputTypetextVisiblePassword is addedp  precodeltEditText     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightwrapcontent     androidinputTypetextVisiblePassword gt codepre  pthe changethelanguage button becomes disabledp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.commbe8E.png altenter image description herep  pAny another keyboard SwypeDragon, ... works ok.  Does anybody know how to fix this problemp
Negative 802 pTell me the code that would support this, because if I enter a word into an integer input the program crashes. I know this would be a simple one line code, but I just cant get my head around it.p  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File NControlled AssessmentTask Three v1.py, line 9, in ltmodulegt     c1strength  intinputWhat is character 1s strength Between 1 and 50, must be number  asks user for the strength value of character 1 ValueError invalid literal for int with base 10 fresd codepre
Negative 802 pDisclaimer  Im a bit of a newbie when it comes to web services  especially when dealing with WSSecurity.  This is my first post to stackoverflow  this site has helped me out countless times, but this time Im in a real bind. Any help would be greatly appreciate.p  pIm consuming a third party web service  started off by creating a C test form and added a service reference WCF using a WSDL provided. The WSDL was for a lab environment and did not have the SSL endpoints required for my testing. Custom binding configuration details were provided and once added to app.config things worked as expected. Im not certain the web service is WSsecurity complaint as claimed  was told that the security implemented is fairly basic, username over transport with SSL. As stated once I received the app.config with the custom binding things seemed to work.p  pInitial testing was on ws2008 and win 7  I simply copied the contents of the debug folder generated by VS .exe, .ddl, config file, etc from system to system and ran the .exe of the test form I wrote. Things worked until I tried running the test app on a WS2008 with IIS7 installed. The serves only had roles and features installed needed for IIS and .net. Just to clarify Im not hosting anything in IIS yet thats part two  just trying to run my test .exe on a server with the IIS role installed.p  pThe error I received isp  precode An invalid security token was provided An error happened processing a username token codepre  pIm not certain that the presence of IIS is significant but it was the only thing installed on the server were things did not work. Cant help to think its something environmental since it works on some systems but not others I noticed that when the .net framework 3.5.1 role service is installed on WS2008 you dont see the framework in add and remove programs Is there another role or feature I need to installconfigure p  pThanks, Joep
Negative 802 pHi I try to make my first game in ruby p  pI have two files p  precodegame.rb with code class Game   attraccessor imie, klasa, honor   def initializestartscena     start  startscena   end    def name     puts Some text     exit0   end end codepre  pand second file p  precodegameengine.rb requirerelative game.rb  class Start   def initialize     game  Game.newname   end    def play     nextscena  start      while true       puts n       scena  methodnextscena       nextscena  scena.call     end   end end  go  Start.new go.play codepre  pThe question is, how can I call class Game.name method from Start.play class. The game goes deeper, and insted of exit0 it returns symbol of another method from Game class that should work. p
Negative 802 pIve created an application for converting a table to JSON object, the application is working fine but the problem is that an empty array is first appearing for the body key. can anyone tell me some p  precodehead[Person Name,Person Name,Points,Price,Tax],body[[],[Jill,Smith,50,150,41],[Eve,Jackson,94,250,81],[John,Doe,80,950,412],[Adam,Johnson,67,750,941]]  codepre  pmy script is given belowp  precodeconverttable.click function      try var myTable  [] var myTr [] exampletable tr.eachfunction i, tr      var myTd []     th, tr.eachfunctionj, th            myTr.push.trimth.innerHTML           td, tr.eachfunctionj, td          iftd.innerHTML.indexOfspan  1             var text  this.closesttd.findspan.text             myTd.push.trimtext                  else             myTd.push.trimtd.innerHTML                     myTable.pushmyTd   var headObj      headmyTr,     bodymyTable  codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netcCzqn147 relnofollowstrongjsfiddlestrongap
Negative 802 pI have been reading a few topics but couldnt find a solution to this one I am stuck on.p  pI am trying to add strongngmodelstrong inside strongngrepeatstrong something like thisp  precodeltspan ngrepeatlist in listsgt          ltinput typecheckbox ngmodelformData.checkboxes. list.value gt  list.number   list.description  ltbrgt ltspangt codepre  pand the list values are like thisp  precodescope.lists  [                valuevalue1,         number 1,         descriptionLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. ,         ,               valuevalue2,         number 2,         descriptionLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. ,          ,                   valuevalue3,         number 3,         descriptionLorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. ,            ,     ] codepre  pInside the ngrepeat loop, I want it to build a ngmodel like codeformData.checkboxes.value1 formData.checkboxes.value2, formData.checkboxes.value3code etc..p  pIs this possible When I try the above method nothing shows up. What am I doing wrong here p
Negative 802 pI use Structuremap 2.6.4.1 as IoC container in an asp.net MVC 4 project using WebApi too. Its plugged to the web site following best practices and nothing is really special here.p  pAs I use emintensivelyem dependency resolution, I have around 500 definitions This is the number of InstanceFactory instances in the main PipelineGraph.p  pRunning a custom profiler localy or running load tests with asp.net profiler lead me to the same result   GetNestedContainer is a CPUconsumming operation around 25. Its not something I think, Its something Ive measured. From another basic test, a simple stopwatch around GetNestedContainer takes around 15ms when my web api action take 40 ms.p  pGetNestedContainer is called only once in my code  in mystructuremap implementation of codeSystem.Web.Http.Dependencies.IDependencyResolvercode.p  precodepublic IDependencyScope BeginScope      IContainer child  this.Container.GetNestedContainer     return new StructureMapHttpDependencyResolverchild  codepre  pJust for the fun, after decompiling this code, I understand why its so slow  lock, iteration over all InstanceFactories, and even reflexion inside Clonep  precodefrom structuremap public PipelineGraph ToNestedGraph      PipelineGraph clone  new PipelineGraphthis.profileManager.Clone, this.genericsGraph.Clone, this.log              missingFactory  this.missingFactory          Monitor.Enterthis     try              foreach KeyValuePairltType, IInstanceFactorygt pair in this.factories                      clone.factories.Addpair.Key, pair.Value.Clone                   finally              Monitor.Exitthis          clone.EjectAllInstancesOfltIContainergt     return clone  codepre  pWhen using asp.net web api, BeginScope is called for every request. As I have many ajax requests because of realtime display, Ive a serious bottleneck. Is structureMap really compatible with asp.net Web Api   p  pWhat can I do to improve this p  pThe first idea that come to my mind is to reduce the number of InstanceFactory definitions. Its not so easy to do because I have many dependencies between my implementations. Even with 200 definitions, the impact will be important. Unfortunately, StructureMap seems to forbid multiple root containers one for MVC, and one for WebApi. p
Negative 802 pI recently wrote a Phong shader in GLSL as part of a school assignment. I started with tutorials, then played around with the code until I got it working. It works perfectly fine as far as I can tell, but theres one line in particular I wrote where I dont understand why it strongdoesstrong work.p  pThe vertex shaderp  precodeversion 330  layout location  0 in vec3 Position     Vertex position layout location  1 in vec3 Normal       Vertex normal  out vec3 Norm out vec3 Pos out vec3 LightDir  uniform mat3 NormalMatrix       ModelView matrix without the translation component, and inverted uniform mat4 MVP                ModelViewProjection Matrix uniform mat4 ModelView          ModelView matrix uniform vec3 lightpos          Position of the light  void main      Norm  normalizeNormalMatrix  Normal     Pos  Position     LightDir  NormalMatrix  lightpos  Position      glPosition  MVP  vec4Position, 1.0  codepre  pThe fragment shaderp  precodeversion 330  in vec3 Norm in vec3 Pos in vec3 LightDir  layout location  0 out vec4 FragColor  uniform mat3 NormalMatrix uniform mat4 ModelView  void main      vec3 normalDirCameraCoords  normalizeNorm     vec3 vertexPosLocalCoords  normalizePos     vec3 lightDirCameraCoords  normalizeLightDir      float dist  maxlengthLightDir, 1.0      float intensity  maxdotnormalDirCameraCoords, lightDirCameraCoords, 0.0  powdist, 1.001      vec3 h  normalizelightDirCameraCoords  vertexPosLocalCoords     float intSpec  maxdoth, normalDirCameraCoords, 0.0     vec4 spec  vec40.9, 0.9, 0.9, 1.0  powintSpec, 100  powdist, 1.2      FragColor  maxintensity  vec40.7, 0.7, 0.7, 1.0  spec, vec40.07, 0.07, 0.07, 1.0  codepre  pSo Im doing the method where you calculate the half vector between the light vector and the camera vector, then dot it with the normal. Thats all good. However, I do two things that are strange.p  ol lipNormally, everything is done in eye coordinates. However, Position, which I pass from the vertex shader to the fragment shader, is in local coordinates.pli lipThis is the part that baffles me. On the line codevec3 h  normalizelightDirCameraCoords  vertexPosLocalCoordscode Im subtracting the light vector in camera coordinates with the vertex position in stronglocalstrong coordinates. This seems utterly wrong.pli ol  pIn short, I understand what this code is supposed to be doing, and how the half vector method of phong shading works.p  pBut why does this code workp  pstrongEDITstrong The starter code we were provided is open source, so you can a hrefhttpsdl.dropboxusercontent.comu46456893A3glut.zip relnofollowdownload the completed projecta and look at it directly if youd like. The project is for VS 2012 on Windows youll need to set up GLEW, GLM, and freeGLUT, and should work on GCC with no code changes maybe a change or two to the makefile library paths.p  pNote that in the source files, lightpos is called gempos, as our light source is the little gem you move around with WSADXC. Press M to get Phong with multiple lights.p
Negative 802 pEvery week I get a large MS Word file that needs some simple formatting. I need to look for a Bible book name on a line by itself and it ends with a carriage return and then concatenate this line with the next line. Like thisp  pI need to put my cursor at the end of Gen. add a space and hit the delete key to make it look like thisp  pIf Gen. appears anywhere else in the document other than the only text on the line I need to leave it alone. I need to search each line of the entire document looking for 5 books, Gen., Exo., Lev., Num., Deut. in the end I will need to look for 66 books. I have been working on a VBA macro getting help from this site to do this with no success. It seems like it should be relatively simple, but I have not been able to get it to work. My poor attempt is below. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p  precode    Public Sub ConCatVerses       Selection.HomeKey UnitwdStory       For Each lineinpara In ActiveDocument.Paragraphs       textinline  lineinpara.Range.Text       If InStrtextinline, Gen. Then        Selection.HomeKey UnitwdLine        Selection.EndKey UnitwdLine        Selection.Delete UnitwdCharacter, Count1        Selection.TypeText Text         Selection.MoveDown UnitwdLine, Count1      End If        Next lineinpara     End Sub codepre  pThanks for the help. I took your suggestion and added the other elements I needed. Hopefully someone will get some help from this working code. Now this one macro will go through the entire document and make the necessary changes.p  precode    Sub ConCatVerses1           Concatenate 2 lines               Dim myArray1, myArray2 As Variant     Dim x As Integer      myArray1  ArrayGen.p, Exo.p, Lev.p, Num.p, Deut.p     myArray2  ArrayGen. , Exo. , Lev. , Num. , Deut.        For x  LBoundmyArray1 To UBoundmyArray1      BKNAMEF  myArray1x     BKNAMER  myArray2x      Selection.Find.ClearFormatting     Selection.Find.Replacement.ClearFormatting     With Selection.Find      .Text  BKNAMEF      .Replacement.Text  BKNAMER      .Forward  True      .Wrap  wdFindContinue      .Format  False      .MatchCase  False      .MatchWholeWord  False      .MatchWildcards  False      .MatchSoundsLike  False      .MatchAllWordForms  False      End With      Selection.Find.Execute ReplacewdReplaceAll       Next x    End Sub codepre
Negative 802 pI wrote a web API that returns 204 No Content when a client requests all elements on a collection but the collection is empty.p  pFor example codeapiproductscode returns 204 when there are no products.p  pNow my problem is that Im trying to consume the API using Restangular like thisp  precodeRestangular.allproducts.getList.thenfunction products      scope.products  products  codepre  pHowever this results in the following javascript error.p  blockquote   pError Response for getList SHOULD be an array and not an object or   something elsep blockquote  pWhat gives I cant find any information on handling no content in the a hrefhttpsgithub.commgontorestangular relnofollowRestangular docap  pAm I using 204 wrong Should I instead return 200 with an empty listp
Negative 802 pIm using the iframehtmlelement to show a Google Form within my app. Can anyone give me some tips on how to hidesuppress parts of that form e.g. header, footer, etc. specifically I want to hide the codeltdiv classssheaderimagegtltdivgtcode and codeltdiv classsstopofpagegtcode and codeltdiv classsslegalgtcode and codeltdiv classsspasswordwarning sssecondarytextgtcodep  pps my app is a combination of html, css amp javascript, including jquery.p
Negative 802 pI have ran into a predicament on this system I have been working on. In the table class there are multiple rows of classes. The column I am focusing on is dates. On the admin dashboard, I need to be able to list the classes by the closest date to the farthest away. I tried using this but it does not work the way I want it to.p  precodemysqliquerySELECT  FROM class ORDER BY dates ASC codepre  pMy problem is that the column dates is actually a serialized array of the start and end dates. Because of this I cant use codestrtotimecode to make the above code work 100 correctly. p  pMy overall question is, is there any way I can sort a query by a serialized date string p  pI know opinions of different ways to do it will arise, but thats not what Im shooting for. If it is possible or you have any idea, please post an answer.p
Negative 802 pIm trying to use akkas persistance module2.3.0, unfortunately when Im sending Persistent message containing Enumeration Im getting  codejava.io.NotSerializableExceptioncode. Heres my earthy examplep  precodeobject TestEnum extends Enumeration with Serializable    type TestEnum  Value   val test  Valuetest   class TestProcessor extends Processor with Logging    override def receive Actor.Receive       case PersistenceFailurepayload, sequenceNr, cause gt       log.errorserror when reciving persistent message[payload], cause     case a gt       log.errorstest proc recived message [a]     val a  sys.actorOfProps[TestProcessor] a  PersistentTestEnum.test codepre  pthis ends with p  precode error when reciving persistent message[test]java.io.NotSerializableException         scala.slick.driver.JdbcTypesComponentMappedJdbcTypeanon1     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeObject0ObjectOutputStream.java1183     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.defaultWriteFieldsObjectOutputStream.java1547     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeSerialDataObjectOutputStream.java1508     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeOrdinaryObjectObjectOutputStream.java1431     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeObject0ObjectOutputStream.java1177     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.defaultWriteFieldsObjectOutputStream.java1547     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeSerialDataObjectOutputStream.java1508     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeOrdinaryObjectObjectOutputStream.java1431     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeObject0ObjectOutputStream.java1177     at java.io.ObjectOutputStream.writeObjectObjectOutputStream.java347     at akka.serialization.JavaSerializeranonfuntoBinary1.applymcVspSerializer.scala129     at akka.serialization.JavaSerializeranonfuntoBinary1.applySerializer.scala129     at akka.serialization.JavaSerializeranonfuntoBinary1.applySerializer.scala129     at scala.util.DynamicVariable.withValueDynamicVariable.scala57     at akka.serialization.JavaSerializer.toBinarySerializer.scala129     at akka.persistence.serialization.MessageSerializer.persistentPayloadBuilderMessageSerializer.scala111     at akka.persistence.serialization.MessageSerializer.akkapersistenceserializationMessageSerializerpersistentMessageBuilderMessageSerializer.scala97     at akka.persistence.serialization.MessageSerializer.toBinaryMessageSerializer.scala45     at akka.serialization.Serializationanonfunserialize1.applySerialization.scala90     at akka.serialization.Serializationanonfunserialize1.applySerialization.scala90     at scala.util.Try.applyTry.scala161     at akka.serialization.Serialization.serializeSerialization.scala90     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreclass.persistentToBytesLeveldbStore.scala98     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbJournal.persistentToBytesLeveldbJournal.scala19     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreclass.akkapersistencejournalleveldbLeveldbStoreaddToMessageBatchLeveldbStore.scala104     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreanonfunwriteMessages1anonfunapply1.applyLeveldbStore.scala48     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreanonfunwriteMessages1anonfunapply1.applyLeveldbStore.scala48     at scala.collection.Iteratorclass.foreachIterator.scala727     at scala.collection.AbstractIterator.foreachIterator.scala1157     at scala.collection.IterableLikeclass.foreachIterableLike.scala72     at scala.collection.AbstractIterable.foreachIterable.scala54     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreanonfunwriteMessages1.applyLeveldbStore.scala48     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreanonfunwriteMessages1.applyLeveldbStore.scala48     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreclass.withBatchLeveldbStore.scala90     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbJournal.withBatchLeveldbJournal.scala19     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbStoreclass.writeMessagesLeveldbStore.scala48     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbJournal.writeMessagesLeveldbJournal.scala19     at akka.persistence.journal.SyncWriteJournalanonfunreceive1anonfun1.applymcVspSyncWriteJournal.scala27     at akka.persistence.journal.SyncWriteJournalanonfunreceive1anonfun1.applySyncWriteJournal.scala27     at akka.persistence.journal.SyncWriteJournalanonfunreceive1anonfun1.applySyncWriteJournal.scala27     at scala.util.Try.applyTry.scala161     at akka.persistence.journal.SyncWriteJournalanonfunreceive1.applyOrElseSyncWriteJournal.scala27     at akka.actor.Actorclass.aroundReceiveActor.scala465     at akka.persistence.journal.leveldb.LeveldbJournal.aroundReceiveLeveldbJournal.scala19     at akka.actor.ActorCell.receiveMessageActorCell.scala516     at akka.actor.ActorCell.invokeActorCell.scala487     at akka.dispatch.Mailbox.processMailboxMailbox.scala238     at akka.dispatch.Mailbox.runMailbox.scala220     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerThreadPoolExecutor.java1145     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java615     at java.lang.Thread.runThread.java744 codepre  panybody has any idea what is going on here and how to fix itp
Negative 802 pim developing a simple application Windows Store Application i got some data from sqlite which i want to manage. Using caliburn.Micro 2.0.0 im trying to develop using mvvm pattern.p  pI developed ListView and ListViewModel ,  DetailView and DetailViewModel.p  pThe ListView shows a listbox of person taken from db and i want to show the details when each row is selected.p  pThe problems arep  ol lipHow can i navigate from ListViewModel to DetailViewModel with my selected objectpli lipHow can i get the parameter in the DetailViewModel from ListViewModelpli ol  pIn my ListViewModel ive usedp  precode                INavigationService.NavigateToViewModelltDetailViewModelgtpSelectedItem codepre  psupposing that works not only with object like string..p  pand i get it in my DetailViewModel usingp  precodepublic Person Parameter  get set  codepre  p...but, it doesnt work... could someone help me Thanks a lot.p  pstrongEDITstrong I solved in this wayp  precode ltStackPanel DataContextBinding Parameter  Margin40 OrientationVerticalgt         ltTextBlock TextBinding Name FontSize35gt         ltTextBlock TextBinding Surname FontSize35gt         ltTextBlock TextBinding Age FontSize35gt         ltTextBlock TextBinding Sex FontSize35gt      ltStackPanelgt codepre  pIt Works...but...is it correctp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIs codestdregexcode and codestdtr1regexcode totally compatiblep  pThe former is available since C11.p  pI want to migrate to codestdregexcode.p  pI use MSVC 20122013.p
Negative 802 pI want top  ol liSet Uniform values for case i. li liRender compute shader for case i to an HTML5 codeltcanvasgtcode tag.li liUse the codeltcanvasgtcode contents case i render output as a texture in the next render pass.li liRepeat for all cases.li liExtract answers into JS from color data.li ol  pIm trying to make a compute shader and need to carry a value per pixel fragment on each render pass. A simple example would be incrementing the blue value of a pixel on each render call.p  pI.e. p  precodepass 1 b1 pass 2 b2 pass 2 b3 etc. codepre  ol lipstrongIs this kind of a shader loop even possiblestrong pli lipstrongIs there a better way to keep acarry texture in video memory for multipass processing where uniform values must change between passes, unlike standard inshader multipass processingstrongpli ol
Negative 802 pIm trying to load XML data and then make it available for use for future methods.p  pMain.asp  precodepublic class Main extends MovieClip      var xmlMXmlManager     var xmlGeneratedBoolean  false      public function Main         traceMain called         addEventListenerEvent.ENTERFRAME, update           public function updateeEvent                     traceupdate called         if xmlGenerated              this.generateXmlContent             xmlGenerated  true                    public function generateXmlContent          trace generateXmlContent called         var xmlM  new XmlManagerloaded.xml         xmlM.printData       codepre  pXmlManager.asp  precodepublic class XmlManager      private var levelXMLXML      private var myLoaderURLLoader      private var dataStringString      public function XmlManagerfileString         traceXmlManager called         levelXML  new XML         var XMLURLString  file         var myXMLURLURLRequest  new URLRequestXMLURL         myLoader  new URLLoadermyXMLURL         myLoader.addEventListenercomplete, startApp           private function startAppeventDataLoadedEvent         tracestartApp called         levelXML  XMLmyLoader.data         dataString  levelXML           public function printData         traceprintData called         tracedataString       codepre  pWhen I load the data I get a trace of Main called, update called, generateXmlContent called, XmlManager called, printData called, null, startApp called, update called.p  pThis means all the code in main runs first including the enter frame method, xml class is generated but the data is not passed or generated as it returns a null.p  pTo me this means that the Xml is not generate for me to use. I have read that XML loading in AS3 is asynchronous but using my boolean condition below still does not work as I am using this as means of generating the data in my update method in my main class.p  pMany thanks in advance for the help.p
Negative 802 pI am new to ajax. I just started learning it by implementing with CodeIgniter.p  pI am building a chat room in my website, I can already save the message into the database and display it in the box using ajax. But my problem here is that it only works the first time. If I type again another message it wont work. Here is what I have done so far. Please advise.  p  pjqueryajax codep  precodesendchat.clickfunction       if inputchat.val.length gt 0          .ajax             type post,             url ltphp echo configitembaseurl.datasavechatgt  inputchat.val,             success function result                  body.htmlresult                              codepre  pviewp  precodeltdiv idchatboxgt     ltphp foreachchats as chgt         ltphp             echo ch[messagecontent]         gt     ltphp endforeach gt ltdivgt      ltinput idinputchat typetext gt     ltbutton idsendchatgtSENDltbuttongt codepre  pcontrollerp  precodepublic function chat                 data[report]  none       data[chats]  thisgtdbhelpergtgetchats     thisgttemplategtwriteviewcontent,chatwithadmin,data      thisgttemplategtwriteviewheader, headermenu,data     thisgttemplategtrender  public function savechatmessage                 data[report]  none     thisgtdbhelpergtsavechatmessage     thisgtchat      codepre  pmodelp  precodepublic function savechatmessage                 thisgtdbgtinserttblmessages,arraymessagecontentgtmessage,useridgt1,datesentgtdatemdy  public function getchats     query  thisgtdbgtgettblmessages                 eturn querygtresultarray  codepre
Negative 802 pMany apps have the feature which, user can pull down one view, and another view shows up from underneath it. But the first view is still visible on the bottom. e.g. Facebook Paper App.p  pIf the other view is from another view controller, is it possible to achieve this by using iOS 7s custom view controller transitioning API p  pIn my test, it is possible to do the presenting part, but the dismissing part has a glitch. Whenever we call dismissViewController, the toViewController takes over the full screen even before calling the transitioningDelegate methods.p  pAnyone more familiar with this  Thanks p
Negative 802 pI am working on an appication that will show a gridView table that will be generated from a SQLite query on an ActionBar tab. I am very close to getting it, however am stuck on configuring the adapter. I would appreciate suggestions regarding this. TIA.p  precodepublic class DataTable extends Fragment  SQLiteDatabase db  private DataTable adapter private int columnWidthadded 325 ArrayListltStringgt surveyData  new ArrayListltStringgt  Override public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, ViewGroup container, Bundle savedInstanceState               DBAdapter msdb new DBAdaptergetActivity.getApplicationContext,adfg, null          dbmsdb.getWritableDatabase      View view   inflater.inflateR.layout.datatable, container, false        Cursor c  db.rawQuerySELECT  FROM surveyDB,null     c.moveToFirst     whilec.isAfterLast         String path  c.getStringc.getColumnIndexPpath         surveyData.addpath         c.moveToNext          db.close     GridView gridView  GridView view.findViewByIdR.id.grid  problem   adapter  new DataTableDataTable.this, surveyData, columnWidth       gridView.setAdapteradapter              return view  codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to hide a link when the windows width becomes below 600 pixels. I have tried and I have looked for a way to do this, but so far i havent found anything that seems to work. i tried with the p  precodemedia screen and maxwidth 600px      hideme          display none important       codepre  pwhich didnt work for me.. Feel free to check out the jsFiddlep  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netnBZxc relnofollowjsFiddleap
Negative 802 pI have a task that need to read the file name input and replace the content with the same name...here is the example..p  pSuppose i have program called checklocation.c that read the input from barcodes.txt...i have to read the content and create a new file again called barcodes.txt...p  pBut the problem is, if the input file name is something.txt, my program will still work but it will create a file call barcodes.txtp  pPlease give me some solutions to solve this problem as it almost the due date...i have searched anywhere for hours but still could not find it....thankssssssssp
Negative 802 pI am using visual studio for this. I have test project which generates a dll and runs the different tests everytime I build the project. Now i want to write a console application which generates an exe that consumes the dll generated above. Can I do it using dllImport If yes, please tell me howp
Negative 802 pI installed geophp Module in my drupal 7 installation. Also installed Geos in my server following these steps  a hrefhttpduntuk.comhowinstallgeoscentos relnofollowhttpduntuk.comhowinstallgeoscentosa I enabled geophp module in drupal, everything goes right, but when I go to the status report, It says this  GeoPHP library installed and OK. However, GEOS is was not found. While not required, you will see performance improvements if you install the GEOS PHP extension. See the following link for more information.a hrefhttpsgithub.comphayesgeoPHPwikiGEOS relnofollowhttpsgithub.comphayesgeoPHPwikiGEOSap  pThe geos.so file is in the right folder usrlocallibphpextensionsnodebugnonzts20090626, also the php.ini has the right extensiondir, I restarted the server, but it in the status page keeps saying the legend that GEOS was not found. On terminal when I type geosconfig version it says 3.4.2 So I guess Geos got installed correctly. I am using php version 5.3.26, on centos 6.5. p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI am trying to come up with an expression that checks for given integer if its third digit from righttoleft is 5. What I managed so far is thisp  precodestring input  5  if Regex.IsMatchinput[2].ToString, [5]      System.Console.WriteLineyes  else     System.Console.WriteLineno codepre  pGot 2 problems with thisp  pFirst it counts from left to the right not from right to the left and  second when the number is less than 3 digits like in this case return out of range exception. p
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a script that populates a database with test users. I am new to Django and Python. I keep on gettingp  precodeRuntime error App registry isnt ready yet.  codepre  pHere is the output and errorp  precodestarting population script Traceback most recent call last File populate.py, line 32, in ltmodulegt populate File populate.py, line 22, in populate i.save File cPython27libsitepackagesdjango1.7a2py2.7.eggdjangodbmodelsbase.py,    line 603, in save forceupdateforceupdate, updatefieldsupdatefields ... ... ...     File cPython27libsitepackagesdjango1.7a2py2.7.eggdjangoappsregistry.py, line   156, in getmodels self.checkready File cPython27libsitepackagesdjango1.7a2py2.7.eggdjangoappsregistry.py,   line 119, in checkready raise RuntimeErrorApp registry isnt ready yet. RuntimeError App registry isnt ready yet. codepre  pHere is the codep  precodeimport os import datetime  def populate     freer  User.objects.createuser joyyie, lolcatsgmail.com, e     cat  User.objects.createuser steve, l2olcatsgmail.com, e     dog  User.objects.createuser aasd, lo3lcatsgmail.com, ad     cow  User.objects.createuser sadsfa, lol4catsgmail.com, t      pig  User.objects.createuser regibald, lolc5atsgmail.com, 0     donkey  User.objects.createuser turnip, lolca6tsgmail.com, pop     human  User.objects.createuser tutu, lolcat7sgmail.com, pa     a  [freer,cat,dog,cow,pig,donkey,human]      for i in a         i.firstname jackee         i.issuperuserTrue         i.isstaffFalse         i.datejoineddatetime.datetime.today         i.lastlogindatetime.datetime.today          i.save   if namemain     print starting population script     os.environ.setdefaultDJANGOSETTINGSMODULE, infosmos.settings     from django.conf import settings     from django.db import models     from django.contrib.auth.models import User     populate codepre  pIs there a way to force the user profile creation to wait for the registry app by using a codesignalcode or somethingp
Negative 802 pThis is my code. I want to be able to insert data into a rota table. When it compiles, it compiles with no errors. The problem comes when clicking the button. The error i get is strongIncorrect syntax near the keyword WHERE.strongp  precode Dim Con As SqlConnection     Dim cmd As New OleDbCommand     Dim sqlstring As String     Dim connstring As String     Dim ds As DataSet     Dim da As SqlDataAdapter        connstring  Data SourceLocalDBv11.0AttachDbFilenameDataDirectoryAssignment.mdfIntegrated SecurityTrueConnect Timeout30      Con  New SqlConnectionconnstring     Con.Open       sqlstring  Insert into Rota WHERE Id  amp DateTimePicker1.Value amp  and Monday  amp mon amp  and Tuesday  amp tues amp and Wednesday  amp wed amp and Thursday  amp thur amp and Friday  amp fri amp and Saturday  amp sat amp and Sunday  amp sun amp  and UserID  amp cboname.SelectedIndex amp      da  New SqlDataAdaptersqlstring, Con     ds  New DataSet     da.Fillds, Rota codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to understand D3 SVG transformation for a WorldMap that allows zooming to a clicked country.p  pMy current implementation is able to draw a WorldMap and scale it to any resolution fullscreen. Moreover, it can compute the same for a specific country or a collection of countries.p  pFor example, my implementation computes the following projection for drawing the entire world map on a 2560x1440 screenp  precoded3.geo.mercator   .center22.266249946553817,41.93985624315233   .scale265.88042450605   .translate1336.2192475286854,576.7978959424244 codepre  pAnd if, for example, Germany should be drawn to fit the screen, the implementation computes the following projectionp  precoded3.geo.mercator   .center10.36090255016238,51.05100408657832   .scale5575.925124835363   .translate1279.7901899016058,608.1878627921983 codepre  pNow I want to transform between the two views in an animated manner, but I somehow fail to understand the svg transform attribute that I need to attach to the path group.p  pHow can I transform between the two projections I thought I can just dop  precodetranslate1336.2192475286854,576.7978959424244   projection.translate worldmap view scale5575.925124835363                          scale computed for Germany translate1279.7901899016058,608.1878627921983   offset computed for Germany codepre  pBut when inspecting the g DOMelement and its transform attribute, it contains completely different values. p  pWhat am I missing herep  pGlad for any feedbackp  pBest, Sebastianp
Negative 802 pSo I have the office library imported, I say codeusing Microsoft.Office.Interopcodep  pI am trying to create a method that checks to see if an Excel workbook is open. Havent made any progress yet, because of this error.p  pwhen I declare codeExcel.Application exAppcode it says the Type or Namespace nameexcel could not be found.p  pit says that I need to declare it saying codeMicrosoft.Office.Interop.Excel.Application exAppcodep  pI really dont think that I did anything wrong here... There is no error on my import..p  precodeusing Microsoft.Office.Interop  namespace MonthEndClosing      public partial class Step1Form  Form              public Step1Form                      InitializeComponent                   static bool IsOpenedstring wbook                      bool isOpened  true             Excel.Application exApp              return isOpened                codepre
Negative 802 pI have a simple server that will return JSON to a user. I want the to provide some inputs to the service, so I use query parametersp  precodepathparamNameparamValueampparamName2paramValue2....ampparamNamenparamValuen codepre  pIn Python, what is the best way of parsing out these parameters  p  pMy server is a threaded server defined as suchp  precodeclass ThreadingSimpleServerSocketServer.ThreadingMixIn,                             BaseHTTPServer.HTTPServer      simple threaded server      pass codepre  pIn my request handler, I implemented a codedoGETcode.p  pShould I have this function split based on the codecode to separate out the path from the parameters and then split again on the codeampcode or is there a better way to do this  p
Negative 802 pI have got this homework assignment and I have come with a solution which works, but I do not understand why when entering range from [0 to 1] the Random function prints only zeroes. When I ad 1 to the max argument it works rnd.Nextmin, max  1, but why only zeroes when it is left like this rnd.Nextmin, maxp  precodestatic void Main              Console.WritePlease enter integer n          int n  int.ParseConsole.ReadLine         Console.WritePlease enter min integer          int min  int.ParseConsole.ReadLine         Console.WritePlease enter max integer          int max  int.ParseConsole.ReadLine          Random rnd  new Random          for int i  0 i lt n i                      Console.WriteLinernd.Nextmin, max1                codepre
Negative 802 pI try to use  a hrefhttpzeromq.orgbindings3aclr relnofollowZeroMQa in new project.p  pServer and client must interact exchange messages through ZeroMQ.  It is planned to implement several kinds of customers Android, Windows, may be another.  I would like to make the basic logic of interaction in the PCL.p  pVisual Studio 2013  Xamarin p  pI created PCL project, with NuGet installed clrzmq package. Created test methodp  precodepublic  string M1       using var c  new Context                  var subscriber  c.SocketSocketType.SUB            subscriber.BindTransport.TCP, 192.168.123.239292            subscriber.Subscribe, Encoding.UTF8  subscribe to all messages            var message  subscriber.RecvEncoding.UTF8, SendRecvOpt.NONE            return message         codepre  pWhen I call this method in Android project, I see DllNotFoundException. The problem described in  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22209398libzmqnotfoundbyclrzmqinxamarinstudioscapplicationthis questiona but for Androidp  pThe code compiles, but in runtime  error DllNotFoundException for libzmq.dll. p  pCould you tell me how to configure linking libzmq properlyp
Negative 802 pive got some problem i dont understand something and it cause this problem p  pHere is some codep  precodelistltWalecgtlista  removecopyifvec.begin,vec.end, lista.begin,WaruneknaWysokoscsredniasu  copylista.begin,lista.end,ostreamiteratorltWalecgtcout,  n codepre  pAnd here is WarunekNaWysokosc definitionp  precodestruct WaruneknaWysokosc      double wys     WaruneknaWysokoscconst doubleamp h wysh       bool operatorconst Walecamp w              return w.h gt wys        codepre  pThe thing is i get some memory problems if i let it be like that, i mean instructions in main function, and there are none if i set list size. But i want it to be set automatically, should i use some insert function How to correct this  Thanks p
Negative 802 pFrom plays a hrefhttpwww.playframework.comdocumentation2.0ScalaAsync relnofollowdocumentationa p  blockquote   pBecause of the way Play 2.0 works, the action code must be as fast as   possible ie. non blocking. So what should we return as result if we   are not yet able to generate it The response is a promise of resultp blockquote  pSo I shouldnt be doing database calls directly inside of the action. This now confuses me when I look at a hrefhttpwww.playframework.comdocumentation2.0JavaJPA relnofollowPlays JPA documentationap  blockquote   pEvery JPA call must be done in a transaction so, to enable JPA for a   particular action, annotate it with play.db.jpa.Transactional. This   will compose your action method with a JPA Action that manages the   transaction for youp blockquote  pThis leaves me a little bit confused. If I follow the documentation, I shouldnt block an action thread with a database call. But if the action is whats creating and managing the database transaction, arent I losing that transaction by sending the work to an actor, or somehow offloading the work to another thread I mean, Im new to scala and play, but I just dont see how the transaction would follow into separate threads. Does anyone have an  explanation, or a way that I should be doing this Im very confused.p
Negative 802 pI am using ifort 14.0, mkl and the f95 lapack interfaces to do some eigenvalue decompositon.p  pThe function I am using currently is DSYEVF95, which is called eitherp  precode        call DSYEVF95ARMEigenVectors,WRVEigenValues,InfoISTmpamp       amp,JobZN codepre  pproducing eigen value only, orp  precode        call DSYEVF95ARMEigenVectors,WRVEigenValues,InfoISTmpamp       amp,JobZV codepre  pwhich also returns the eigen vectors.p  pHowever, using call one, the first three eigenvalues of a given 100x100 matrix werep  p0.00000000000000022204  1.01690323906836455059  1.04051353339583818602p  pwhereas the results changed if call two was usedp  p0.00000000000000246374  1.01690323906836477263  1.04051353339583885216p  pAny ideas about the change in sign for the first value this switch is fully a function of the call, thus using call two, a negative eigenvalue has never occured so far.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIn such a codep  precodeComparator comp3  setltstring, Comparatorgt s1comp setltstring, Comparatorgt s2comp setltstring, Comparatorgt s3comp setltstring, Comparatorgt s4comp  codepre  pthe actual instance of the Comparator namely comp is copied at each creation of a set object as the cpp reference statesp  blockquote   pThe container keeps an internal copy of alloc and comp, which are used   to allocate storage and to sort the elements throughout its lifetime.p blockquote  pSo we were wondering if this is legal in Cp  precodeinclude ltsetgt include ltiostreamgt  struct A      int i  0     bool operatorint a, int b              i         return a lt b        int main          A a     stdsetltint, Aampgt s1 1, 2, 3, a     stdsetltint, Aampgt s2 4, 5, 6, a     stdcout ltlt a.i  codepre  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pA very useful timesaver for working with shell is that you can search for command history using Ctrl  r. Emacs has the same functionality in its shell mode CSr. However, the shells history is cleared every time emacs is restarted. Any idea how to persist the history p
Negative 802 pI understand that an codeActioncode is a codeDelegatecode, but Im receiving the following compile time error trying to assign an codeActioncode to a codeDelegatecode.p  blockquote   pCannot implicitly convert type System.Action to ADelegatep blockquote  precodepublic delegate void ADelegate Action act   gt Console.WriteLine test ADelegate del  act codepre  pHow can I assign codeactcode to codedelcodep
Negative 802 pFor testing purposes, I used used JAXB to generate an XML from an Object. This work fine. The code is below.p  precode    package com.mns.mnsutilities.jaxb.model      import java.util.List       import javax.xml.bind.annotation.      XmlRootElementnameEmpMNS     XmlTypepropOrder name, age, role, gender, addressesList     public class Employee          private int id         private String gender         private int age         private String name         private String role         private String password         private ListltAddressgt addressesList          public Employee           public Employeeint id, String gender, int age, String name, String role,                 String password              super             this.id  id             this.gender  gender             this.age  age             this.name  name             this.role  role             this.password  password                   public Employeeint id, String gender, int age, String name, String role,                 String password, ListltAddressgt addressesList              super             this.id  id             this.gender  gender             this.age  age             this.name  name             this.role  role             this.password  password             this.addressesList  addressesList                   XmlAttribute         public int getId              return id                  public void setIdint id              this.id  id                  XmlElementname  gen         public String getGender              return gender                  public void setGenderString gender              this.gender  gender                  public int getAge              return age                  public void setAgeint age              this.age  age                  XmlNullPolicyemptyNodeRepresentsNull  true, nullRepresentationForXml  XmlMarshalNullRepresentation.EMPTYNODE         XmlElementnillabletrue         public String getName              return name                  public void setNameString name              this.name  name                  public String getRole              return role                  public void setRoleString role              this.role  role                  XmlTransient         public String getPassword              return password                  public void setPasswordString password              this.password  password                  XmlElementname  addresses         public ListltAddressgt getAddressesList              return addressesList                   public void setAddressesListListltAddressgt addressesList              this.addressesList  addressesList                   Override         public String toString              return Employee [id  id  , gender  gender  , age  age                      , name  name  , role  role  , password                      password  , addressesList  addressesList  ]               codepre  pAnd p  precode    package com.mns.mnsutilities.jaxb.model      import javax.xml.bind.annotation.XmlRootElement       XmlRootElementnamespace     public class Address          private String street         private String city         private String zipCode         private String country          public Address           public AddressString street, String city, String zipCode, String country              super             this.street  street             this.city  city             this.zipCode  zipCode             this.country  country                   public String getStreet              return street                   public void setStreetString street              this.street  street                   public String getCity              return city                   public void setCityString city              this.city  city                   public String getZipCode              return zipCode                   public void setZipCodeString zipCode              this.zipCode  zipCode                   public String getCountry              return country                   public void setCountryString country              this.country  country                   Override         public String toString              return Address [street  street  , city  city  , zipCode                      zipCode  , country  country  ]                codepre  pMy main Class is  p  precode    package com.mns.mnsutilities.jaxb.batch      import java.io.File     import java.util.ArrayList     import java.util.List      import javax.xml.bind.JAXBContext     import javax.xml.bind.JAXBException     import javax.xml.bind.Marshaller     import javax.xml.bind.Unmarshaller      import com.mns.mnsutilities.jaxb.model.Address     import com.mns.mnsutilities.jaxb.model.Employee      public class LaunchAction          private static final String FILENAME  outputCT3DXMLSAMPLEFINAL.xml          public static void mainString[] args              Employee emp  new Employee             emp.setId1             emp.setAge25             emp.setNameYovan             emp.setGenderMale             emp.setRoleDeveloper             emp.setPasswordsensitive             ListltAddressgt addressesList  new ArrayListltgt             Address address1  new AddressMain Road, Ebene, 11111, Mauritius             Address address2  new AddressRoyal Road, RoseHill, 2222, Mauritius             addressesList.addaddress1             addressesList.addaddress2             emp.setAddressesListaddressesList              jaxbObjectToXMLemp               Employee empFromFile  jaxbXMLToObject             System.out.printlnempFromFile.toString                    private static Employee jaxbXMLToObject              try                  JAXBContext context  JAXBContext.newInstanceEmployee.class                 Unmarshaller un  context.createUnmarshaller                 Employee emp  Employee un.unmarshalnew FileFILENAME                 return emp              catch JAXBException e                  e.printStackTrace                          return null                    private static void jaxbObjectToXMLEmployee emp               try                  JAXBContext context  JAXBContext.newInstanceEmployee.class                 Marshaller m  context.createMarshaller                 for prettyprint XML in JAXB                 m.setPropertyMarshaller.JAXBFORMATTEDOUTPUT, Boolean.TRUE                   Write to System.out for debugging                  m.marshalemp, System.out                   Write to File                 m.marshalemp, new FileFILENAME              catch JAXBException e                  e.printStackTrace                              codepre  pThe XML output is  p  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt     ltEmpMNS id1gt         ltname xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsiniltruegt         ltnamegt         ltagegt25ltagegt         ltrolegtDeveloperltrolegt         ltgengtJuggooltgengt         ltaddressesgt             ltcitygtEbeneltcitygt             ltcountrygtMauritiusltcountrygt             ltstreetgtMain Roadltstreetgt             ltzipCodegt11111ltzipCodegt         ltaddressesgt         ltaddressesgt             ltcitygtRoseHillltcitygt             ltcountrygtMauritiusltcountrygt             ltstreetgtRoyal Roadltstreetgt             ltzipCodegt2222ltzipCodegt         ltaddressesgt     ltEmpMNSgt codepre  pWhat I really would like to have is  p  precode    ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8 standaloneyesgt     ltEmpMNS id1gt         ltname xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsiniltruegt         ltnamegt         ltagegt25ltagegt         ltrolegtDeveloperltrolegt         ltgengtJuggooltgengt         ltaddressesgt             ltaddressgt                  ltcitygtEbeneltcitygt                 ltcountrygtMauritiusltcountrygt                 ltstreetgtMain Roadltstreetgt                 ltzipCodegt11111ltzipCodegt             ltaddressgt              ltaddressgt                 ltcitygtRoseHillltcitygt                 ltcountrygtMauritiusltcountrygt                 ltstreetgtRoyal Roadltstreetgt                 ltzipCodegt2222ltzipCodegt             ltaddressgt         ltaddressesgt     ltEmpMNSgt codepre  pCould you please guide me on how to proceed p
Negative 802 pI use a number of Twitter Bootstrap collapse groups on my page. Each group may contain several anchorsp  precodeltdiv classaccordion idaccordiongt     ltdiv classaccordiongroupgt         ltdiv classaccordionheadinggt lta hrefsection1gtltagtlta classaccordiontoggle datatogglecollapse dataparentaccordion hrefcollapseOnegtSection 1ltagt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcollapseOne classaccordionbody collapsegt             ltdiv classaccordioninnergt                 ltpgtlta hrefsection1text1gtltagtSection 1  Text 1ltpgt                 ltpgtlta hrefsection1text2gtltagtSection 1  Text 2ltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt     ltdiv classaccordiongroupgt         ltdiv classaccordionheadinggt lta hrefsection2gtltagtlta classaccordiontoggle datatogglecollapse dataparentaccordion hrefcollapseTwogtSection 2ltagt         ltdivgt         ltdiv idcollapseTwo classaccordionbody collapsegt             ltdiv classaccordioninnergt                 ltpgtlta hrefsection2text1gtltagtSection 2  Text 1ltpgt                 ltpgtlta hrefsection2text2gtltagtSection 2  Text 2ltpgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt  codepre  pIf my page is opened with particular hash in the URL like codehttpexample.comsection2text2code, then according collapse should shown. I am planning to use codewindow.location.hashcode to understand which collapse to show a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netand7eycf6KH2 relnofollowjsfiddleap  precode  var hash  window.location.hash   if hash  collapseOne  hash  collapseTwo      hash.collapseshow    codepre  pBut I have two questionsp  ol lihow to identify proper collapse to show if hash doesnt contain it is name for ex., anchor and hash are codesomethingelsetext2code, i.e. doesnt contain codesection2code how to find codeparentcode collapse element of the anchor codesomethingelsetext2codeli lishould I scroll manually to the anchor after collapse showingli ol
Negative 802 pI developed an API in Eclipse using strongemjdk 1.7.003emstrong on the strongemWindows 7emstrong platform. It works fine when deployed on other Windows 7 systems.p  pOn deploying it on a strongemWindows 8emstrong system using strongemjdk 1.6emstrong it gave the following exceptionp  precodeHTTP Status 500  Servlet.init for servlet MediaPlayerBackendAPI threw exception  type Exception report  message Servlet.init for servlet MediaPlayerBackendAPI threw exception  description The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.  exception  javax.servlet.ServletException Servlet.init for servlet MediaPlayerBackendAPI threw exception     org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java472     org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java99     org.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve.invokeAccessLogValve.java931     org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java407     org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1004     org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java589     org.apache.tomcat.util.net.AprEndpointSocketProcessor.runAprEndpoint.java1822     java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runTaskThreadPoolExecutor.java886     java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java908     java.lang.Thread.runThread.java662 root cause  java.lang.UnsupportedClassVersionError favoriteapiVideoManager  Unsupported major.minor version 51.0 unable to load class favorite.api.VideoManager     org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.findClassInternalWebappClassLoader.java2908     org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.findClassWebappClassLoader.java1173     org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1681     org.apache.catalina.loader.WebappClassLoader.loadClassWebappClassLoader.java1559     java.lang.Class.forName0Native Method     java.lang.Class.forNameClass.java247     com.sun.jersey.core.reflection.ReflectionHelper3.runReflectionHelper.java284     com.sun.jersey.core.reflection.ReflectionHelper3.runReflectionHelper.java279     java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method     com.sun.jersey.spi.scanning.AnnotationScannerListenerAnnotatedClassVisitor.getClassForNameAnnotationScannerListener.java224     com.sun.jersey.spi.scanning.AnnotationScannerListenerAnnotatedClassVisitor.visitEndAnnotationScannerListener.java188     org.objectweb.asm.ClassReader.acceptUnknown Source     org.objectweb.asm.ClassReader.acceptUnknown Source     com.sun.jersey.spi.scanning.AnnotationScannerListener.onProcessAnnotationScannerListener.java138     com.sun.jersey.core.spi.scanning.uri.FileSchemeScanner1.fFileSchemeScanner.java86     com.sun.jersey.core.util.Closing.fClosing.java71     com.sun.jersey.core.spi.scanning.uri.FileSchemeScanner.scanDirectoryFileSchemeScanner.java83     com.sun.jersey.core.spi.scanning.uri.FileSchemeScanner.scanFileSchemeScanner.java71     com.sun.jersey.core.spi.scanning.PackageNamesScanner.scanPackageNamesScanner.java226     com.sun.jersey.core.spi.scanning.PackageNamesScanner.scanPackageNamesScanner.java142     com.sun.jersey.api.core.ScanningResourceConfig.initScanningResourceConfig.java80     com.sun.jersey.api.core.PackagesResourceConfig.initPackagesResourceConfig.java104     com.sun.jersey.api.core.PackagesResourceConfig.ltinitgtPackagesResourceConfig.java78     com.sun.jersey.api.core.PackagesResourceConfig.ltinitgtPackagesResourceConfig.java89     com.sun.jersey.spi.container.servlet.WebComponent.createResourceConfigWebComponent.java696     com.sun.jersey.spi.container.servlet.WebComponent.createResourceConfigWebComponent.java674     com.sun.jersey.spi.container.servlet.WebComponent.initWebComponent.java205     com.sun.jersey.spi.container.servlet.ServletContainer.initServletContainer.java376     com.sun.jersey.spi.container.servlet.ServletContainer.initServletContainer.java559     javax.servlet.GenericServlet.initGenericServlet.java160     org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java472     org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java99     org.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve.invokeAccessLogValve.java931     org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java407     org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1004     org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java589     org.apache.tomcat.util.net.AprEndpointSocketProcessor.runAprEndpoint.java1822     java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runTaskThreadPoolExecutor.java886     java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runThreadPoolExecutor.java908     java.lang.Thread.runThread.java662 note The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat7.0.33 logs.  Apache Tomcat7.0.33 codepre  pI referred to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12770622javalangunsupportedclassversionerrorthis answera and changed the strongemInstalled JREemstrong and strongemCompiler complianceemstrong level of the API Eclipse project to strongemjdk 1.5.015emstrong.p  pYet on deploying the API I got the same error.p  pAny help on whats going wrong and how I make the API compatible with all systemsp
Negative 802 pIm trying to extract the data from a JSON file that looks like that  p  precode    val json JsValue  Json.parse             item              id  11111111,             name  box,             categories  [                                name  blue box,                                id  12345,                            ,                                                            name  fancy box,                                id  98765,                            ]                           codepre  pI would like to do it using the play JSON library. I came up with this code  p  precode    I define my class and reader for one category     case class ItemCategoryid Option[String], name String     implicit val categoryRead Reads[ItemCategory]           JsPath  item  categories  id.readNullable[String] and         JsPath  item  categories  name.read[String]     ItemCategory.apply       I define my class and reader for one item     case class MyItemcategories  Option[List[ItemCategory]], id  Option[String], name  Option[String]     implicit val myItemRead Reads[MyItem]           JsPath  item  categories.readNullable[List[ItemCategory]] and         JsPath  item  id.readNullable[String] and         JsPath  item  name.readNullable[String]     MyItem.apply       I then try to read       var item JsResult[MyItem]  json.validate[MyItem]myItemRead     printlnitem codepre  pHowever this code gives a JsError codeListValidationErrorvalidate.error.missingpath,WrappedArray.codep  pWhich to my understanding simply means that some path went missing. I tried to read just one category and it worked fine, I try to read an item without trying to get the categories and here again it went fine. Hence I think the problem is on reading a list of items. I would really appreciate if you could help me with this. p
Negative 802 pI have a page with buttons, that when pressed send an ajax request through jquery to a PHP script. This script runs with these variables. When this PHP script is finished I would like to send a message back to the jquery function, which then prints out this message. Currently I havep  precodebutton.clickfunction       nombre  input.val     buttonz  this     buttonz.textLoading...     request  .ajax         type POST,         url administrator.php,         data              method buttonz.attrid,             results nombre         ,          request.donefunction response, textStatus, jqXHR          buttonz.textFinished       codepre  pInstead of finished I would like to echo a varaible from my php script.p
Negative 802 pI have a database which contains different users. When an Admin create a folder using the strongPHP codestronghe should give the strongaccess permissionstrong read and write for a special users the new directory can be checked just by this emuser who is registered in my databaseem. Is there any configuration files on which I can set the access permission for the created folder  I dont have a clue as to how to do this.Any advice will be welcome.p
Negative 802 pWe are working on integrating the CitiBank payment gateway integration in our Joomla website, which is deployed in Linux server CentOS.p  pSince it is Linux, we are using Apache as a web server.p  pIn that, for checksum value calculate, we got checksum.so from the vendor. We have placed the file in the apache module directory and added the below line in the codehttpd.confcode.p  precodeLoadModule modchecksum modulesmodchecksum.so codepre  pAnd restarted Apache. Then I got the error belowp  blockquote   pStarting httpd httpd Syntax error on line 151 of etchttpdconfhttpd.conf Cant locate API module structure checksummodule in file etchttpdmodulesmodchecksum.so etchttpdmoduleschecksum.so undefined symbol checksummodulep blockquote
Negative 802 pSo the title pretty much says what Im trying to do, Im pretty sure I got the path right or at least I think so. But the value isnt updated until I reload the entire viewp  phtmlp  precodelttable classtablegt     lttrgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.Name         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.AktivBalance         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.BarBalance         ltthgt         ltthgt             Html.DisplayNameFormodel gt model.HasAllInclusive         ltthgt         ltthgtltthgt     lttrgt  foreach var item in Model      lttrgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.Name         lttdgt         lttdgt             ltspan classchangeaktbalancegt                 Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.AktivBalance             ltspangt             ltbr gt             ltinput stylewidth 42 typetext nameaktivAmount classviewedittext gt             ltbr gt             ltinput typebutton valueIndst classvieweditaddaktiv datachildiditem.ChildId gt             ltinput typebutton valueFratrk classvieweditsubaktiv datachildiditem.ChildId gt             ltbr gt         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.BarBalance                ltbr gt                      ltinput stylewidth 42 typetext nameaktivAmount classviewedittext gt              ltbr gt              ltinput typebutton valueIndst classvieweditaddbar datachildiditem.ChildId gt              ltinput typebutton valueFratrk classvieweditsubbar datachildiditem.ChildId gt                     lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.DisplayFormodelItem gt item.HasAllInclusive         lttdgt         lttdgt             Html.ActionLinkRediger, Edit, new  iditem.ChildId               Html.ActionLinkDetaljer, Details, new  iditem.ChildId               Html.ActionLinkSlet, Delete, new  iditem.ChildId          lttdgt     lttrgt   lttablegt codepre  pscriptp  precodeltscript srcScriptsjquery1.10.2.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt      document ready     document.readyfunction            document.body.onclick, .vieweditaddaktiv, function                test for at se om den fr fat i de rigtige vrdier, hvilket den gr.             alertamount    this.parent.children.viewedittext.val   id    this.datachildid  .               vrdierns sti bruges til at lave data variablen der skal videresendes. iflge vs bruger jeg nu de rette naming conventions i controlleren             var data                   Amount this.parent.children.viewedittext.val,                 Id this.datachildid                            Jeg kan ikke stte breakpoint og teste koden, der sker bare ingenting Hvorfor virker intet herfra             .ajax                 type POST,                 url Url.ActionAddAktiv, Default1,  kalder p metoden der returnerer Json resultatet i controlleren.                 data JSON.stringifydata,                 dataType json,                 contentType applicationjson charsetutf8,                 success functionreturnedData                      alertreturnedData                     this.parent.children.changeaktbalance.htmlreturnedData                  ,                 error function                      alertAn unexpected error has occured.                                            End of vieweditaddaktiv.          End of document ready function.   ltscriptgt codepre  pI need only the particular displayfor in the parent dir of the button which fires off the script so I need to change the code in the ajax calls succes scenario but Im not sure howp  pAny help would be appreciatedp
Negative 802 pI get following exception when I try to display data from EmergencyContact. SurveyData and EmergencyData are related by OneToMany. Im able to persist the data but not able to retrieve it back.p  pI want to give a SurveyID as input and get back emergency contacts of that survey. I verified all my setter and getter methods and they look okay. Im unable to trace where I made mistake. Any help is appreciated.p  precode165342,029 ERROR [stderr] httplocalhost127.0.0.180801 Caused by org.hibernate.QueryException could not resolve property surveyid of masonsurveyejb.businesslogic.EmergencyContact [SELECT emc FROM masonsurveyejb.businesslogic.EmergencyContact emc WHERE emc.surveyid  11] codepre  pMy query string looks like below. I receive surveyid variable value as an argument in this method.p  precodeSELECT emc FROM EmergencyContact emc WHERE emc.surveyid    surveyid codepre  pFollowing are my EmergencyContact and SurveyData classesp  precodepackage masonsurveyejb.businesslogic  import java.io.Serializable  import javax.persistence.Column import javax.persistence.Entity import javax.persistence.GeneratedValue import javax.persistence.GenerationType import javax.persistence.Id import javax.persistence.JoinColumn import javax.persistence.ManyToOne import javax.persistence.SequenceGenerator import javax.persistence.Table  Entity Tablename  EmergencyData public class EmergencyContact implements Serializable       private static final long serialVersionUID  1L     Id     SequenceGeneratorname  EMERGENCYSEQUENCE, sequenceName  SurveySeq, initialValue  100, allocationSize  1     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.SEQUENCE, generator  EMERGENCYSEQUENCE     private Integer contactId     Columnname  Name     private String emName     Columnname  Phone     private String emPhone     Columnname  Email     private String emEmail      ManyToOne     JoinColumnname  SurveyID     private SurveyData surveyData      public Integer getContactId          return contactId           public void setContactIdInteger contactId          this.contactId  contactId           public SurveyData getSurveyData          return surveyData           public void setSurveyDataSurveyData surveyData          this.surveyData  surveyData           public String getEmName          return emName           public void setEmNameString emName          this.emName  emName           public String getEmPhone          return emPhone           public void setEmPhoneString emPhone          this.emPhone  emPhone           public String getEmEmail          return emEmail           public void setEmEmailString emEmail          this.emEmail  emEmail           filename Student.java  description This file is the a simple class which is used as a model                object for Student.    Modification History  Date        Author                   Change Reason                               20140220  Santosh K Tadikonda      Initial Creation    package masonsurveyejb.businesslogic  import java.util.List  import javax.persistence.CascadeType import javax.persistence.Column import javax.persistence.Entity import javax.persistence.FetchType import javax.persistence.GeneratedValue import javax.persistence.GenerationType import javax.persistence.Id import javax.persistence.OneToMany import javax.persistence.SequenceGenerator  Entity public class SurveyData       Id     SequenceGeneratorname  SURVEYSEQUENCE, sequenceName  SurveySeq, initialValue  100, allocationSize  1     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.SEQUENCE, generator  SURVEYSEQUENCE     Columnname  SurveyID     private Integer surveyid     private String firstname     private String lastname     private String address     private String city     private String state     private String zipcode     private String telephone     private String email     private String surveydate     Columnname  Likes     private String chklike     Columnname  Know     private String radioknow     private String recommend     private String raffle     private String comments      OneToManymappedBy  surveyData, cascade  CascadeType.ALL, fetch  FetchType.EAGER     private ListltEmergencyContactgt emContacts      public ListltEmergencyContactgt getEmContacts          return emContacts           public void setEmContactsListltEmergencyContactgt emContacts          this.emContacts  emContacts           public Integer getSurveyid          return surveyid           public void setSurveyidInteger surveyid          this.surveyid  surveyid           public String getFirstname          return firstname           public void setFirstnameString firstname          this.firstname  firstname           public String getLastname          return lastname           public void setLastnameString lastname          this.lastname  lastname           public String getAddress          return address           public void setAddressString address          this.address  address           public String getCity          return city           public void setCityString city          this.city  city           public String getState          return state           public void setStateString state          this.state  state           public String getZipcode          return zipcode           public void setZipcodeString zipcode          this.zipcode  zipcode           public String getTelephone          return telephone           public void setTelephoneString telephone          this.telephone  telephone           public String getEmail          return email           public void setEmailString email          this.email  email           public String getSurveydate          return surveydate           public void setSurveydateString surveydate          this.surveydate  surveydate           public String getChklike          return chklike           public void setChklikeString chklike          this.chklike  chklike           public String getRadioknow          return radioknow           public void setRadioknowString radioknow          this.radioknow  radioknow           public String getRecommend          return recommend           public void setRecommendString recommend          this.recommend  recommend           public String getRaffle          return raffle           public void setRaffleString raffle          this.raffle  raffle           public String getComments          return comments           public void setCommentsString comments          this.comments  comments           public String toString           String studentString          studentString  getSurveyid   getFirstname    getLastname                    getAddress    getCity    getState                    getZipcode    getTelephone    getEmail                    getSurveydate    getChklike    getRadioknow                    getRecommend    getRaffle                    getComments          return studentString       codepre  pFollowing is the method from which I make queryp  precodeOverride     public ArrayListltEmergencyContactgt GetEmergencyContactsString surveyid           try               if surveyid  null  surveyid.length  0                  System.out.printlnReceived a null or empty survey ID.                 return null                           System.out.printlnGetting emergency contacts for   surveyid             String queryStr  SELECT emc FROM EmergencyContact emc WHERE emc.surveyid                        surveyid             Query query  entityManager.createQueryqueryStr             List resultList  query.getResultList              if resultList  null ampamp resultList.size gt 0                  ArrayListltEmergencyContactgt emList  new ArrayListltEmergencyContactgt                 for Object result  resultList                      EmergencyContact emc  new EmergencyContact                     emc  EmergencyContact result                     emList.addemc                                   return emList                       catch Exception e              e.printStackTrace                   return null      codepre
Negative 802 pI have proxy server on windows machine that accepts client requests using java sockets and I have several internal nodesunix machines for processing these requests in local area network. How to bind the incoming socket connection to a different machine on different port  p  pfor example I have an incoming connection from client xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx5000 to my proxy server yyy.yyy.yyy.yyy6000 and I want to bind this TCP Connection to a node on zzz.zzz.zzz.zzz7000. p  pPlease let me know different possible ways in achieving this scenario  Thanks in Advance p
Negative 802 pI have four time series which I want to plot, preferably using base graphics.p  precodeyearltc2000,2001,2002,2003,2004,2005,2006,2007 x axis altc36.2,42.4,43.4,56.4,67.4,42.4,22.4,20.4  bltcNA,NA,NA,56.4,67.4,42.4,22.4,20.4  cltc36.4,42.3,43.7,56.4,67.2,88.3,99.3,99.9  dltc36.4,42.3,43.7,56.4,NA,NA,NA,NA   using different thickness of lines to distinguish between them Dunno parmar  c4,4,4,4 parmfrowc1,2 plotyear,a, xlabYear, ylabWhatever, typel, lwd6, ylimc20, 100 linesyear,b, typel, lwd2, colyellow plotyear,c, xlabYear, ylabWhatever, typel, lwd6, ylimc20, 100 linesyear,d, typel, lwd2, colyellow codepre  pAs you can see, one out of two series is always a subset of the other one and the series a and b are quite similar in their beginning so it would not look good in one plot of this characteristics. Do you have any suggestion how to plot this kind of data I wouldnt mind having it all in one plot, but it is not necessary.  Cheers.p
Negative 802 pI have discovered a strange behaviour when using overrides for sprites. Situationp  ul li1 css file as base file for an entire site, with sprites. screen.cssli li1 css per subsite which mostly is a copy of the base site, but with some different colours. local.cssli ul  pThe local.css contains only selectors which are changed in the subsite. Since some icons have different colours, a new sprite is declared using the css from screen.css but with an updated path to the new sprite. background urlpathtosprite  background urlpathtonewsprite.p  pYet, when reloading the page, all the elements who use the sprite, are being reset to a default 0 0 position. Element inspector shows no issues we have the original sprite, overwritten with the new sprite, and the original backgroundpositions per element.p  pIf i manually add an existing elements backgroundposition to the new local.css, the problem is gone and my background is rendered OK for that element.p  pI cant find anything on google about this behaviour. Can anyone offer some helpp  pSome example codep  pScreen.css originalp  precodeelement1, element2  background url..imagesoriginalsprite.png norepeat backgroundsize 500px 500px  element1  width 20px height 20px display block backgroundposition 80px 80px  codepre  pLocal.css subsitep  precodeelement1, element2  background url..imagesnewsprite.png norepeat backgroundsize 500px 500px   Below renders the coordinates as stated  element1  backgroundposition 80px 80px   Below renders the coordinates at 0 0  element1   codepre
Negative 802 pI use ggplot to make most of my graphics. These can be single panels, or faceted. To make it easier to track revisions, I would like to generate a small label in the corner of the plot that includes some text.p  pIn pseudo code, I am looking for something like thisp  precode generate the initial plot p lt ggplot  add the label p  someAnnotationFunctionlabel  Version 1.0, x  1, y  0,                             hjust  right, vjust  bottom   print printp  codepre  pOr plot my label nestled in the lower right corner of my figure without messing up the existing ggplot graphics.p  pSo far Im not having any luck finding a solution. a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions18906439addannotationboxtogridofggplotobjectsThisa very interesting method doesnt work if you have a full codem x ncode table of facets. Methods using codegridExtracode tend to mess with the plots too much. So, does anyone have a way to add arbitrary text anywhere on a plot that was generated using ggplotp
Negative 802 pI am using strongEnterpriseDB 9.2 advanced serverstrong an Oracle compatible strongPostgreSQL forkstrong and I want to read data from a clob or text type data type column using codegetClobcode method. p  pIm getting error when tryingp  blockquote   porg.postgresql.util.PSQLException Bad value for type long br   adminuserdomainUser Logged In   Sucessfully   at   org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2ResultSet.toLongAbstractJdbc2ResultSet.java2971   at   org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2ResultSet.getLongAbstractJdbc2ResultSet.java2163   at   org.postgresql.jdbc2.AbstractJdbc2ResultSet.getClobAbstractJdbc2ResultSet.java436p blockquote  pSo is it possible to read data from above mentioned scenario using any technique in postgresqlp
Negative 802 pI have two tables Building amp Room, each Room have a buildingID as a FK . but now I want to add a sequence number which represents the sequence of the Room inside the Building. So I am thinking of having the sequence number inside the Room table , which will be as followp  ul liRoomID PKli liRoomNameli liRoomTypeli liBuildingIDFK to the Building tableli liSequencenumber.li ul  pBut since the sequence number is a info that is related to the Building and to the Room . so is this right to store the Room sequence number within a building inside the Room table , or it is better to have a relation table between a Room amp a Building. Regardsp
Negative 802 pI am migrating a MVC 4 web application that used to run under IIS 7 Windows Server 2008 R2, to IIS 8 Windows Server 2012. p  pI have a situation where a plain GET returns our initial unsecured page, but a POST with username and password fails, seemingly due to the MVC model not binding the form contents correctly it raises a null reference exception on the line that the first property of the model is accessed. Im pretty sure Ive upgraded and installed everything that I need on my server, so Im at my wits end.p  pHas anyone seen a similar problem or have any suggestions or ideas what could be going wrongp
Negative 802 pIm attempting to create a socket server on Android which is capable of handling multiple client connections. Each of these client connections supports asynchronous communication. I think I have my implementation close, but Im running into issues..p  pThe server app launches a codeConnectionListenercode object on its codeonCreatecode. This object is an codeAsyncTaskcode object which creates the codeSocketServercode and then loops while listening for a client connection. When it gets a connection, it launches another codeAsyncTaskcode object, codeSocketConnectionManagercode, and continues to listen for other client connections.p  pThe codeSocketConnectionManagercode creates two additional codeAsycTaskscode  One for input, codeListenAsyncTaskcode and one for output, codeMessageAsyncTaskcode. p  pcodeListenAsyncTaskcode creates a codeBufferedReadercode from the client socket, and loops around codereadLinecode, always looking for input from the client socket.p  pcodeMessageAsyncTaskcode waits for messages that need to be pushed to the client, and the pushes the messages to the client.p  pIm using a strongcustom thread executorstrong for all the async tasks, which I think avoids potential problems with long running asnyc tasks. p  pEverything works as expected with one client. When two clients join things begin to look look good, but eventually only the most recently connected clients messages will ever get through to the codeListenAsyncTaskcode.p  pOne of the things Im tempted to do is refactor to use codeThreadscode instead of codeAsnycTaskscode. I thought I wouldnt have to do this when using the codeexecutorcode  With the custom codeexecutorcode I seem to be able to get all the tasks to run concurrently. p  pIf anyone has any suggestions Id greatly appreciate it. The code is below. p  precodepublic class ConnectionListener extends AsyncTaskltString,Socket,Stringgt      private static ServerSocket serverSocket        private Context context     private GameState gameState     int idCounter     private String TAG  Connection Listener     private ArrayListltSocketConnectionManagergt socketConnections      public ConnectionListenerContext context, ServerSocket serverSocket         super          this.context  context         this.serverSocket  serverSocket         idCounter  0         socketConnections  new ArrayListltSocketConnectionManagergt           Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... params          String response            Log.iTAG, Start listening for connections         while true              try                  Log.iTAG, Still Looking                 Socket clientSocket  serverSocket.accept   accept the client connection                 Log.iTAG, Connection Found                 publishProgressnew Socket[] clientSocket              catch IOException ex                  System.out.printlnProblem in message reading              catch Exception e                                 Override     protected void onProgressUpdateSocket... values          super.onProgressUpdatevalues         Log.iTAG, start socket connection         idCounter         SocketConnectionManager socketConectionManager  new SocketConnectionManagercontext,values[0],String.valueOfidCounter         Log.iTAG, about to execute         socketConectionManager.executeOnExecutorFireTvApplication context.threadPoolExecutor, String[]null         Log.iTAG, executed         socketConnections.addsocketConectionManager           Override     protected void onPostExecuteString result       codepre  pSocketConnectionManager    p  precodepublic class SocketConnectionManager extends AsyncTaskltString,String,Stringgt       private Context context     private MessageAsyncTask messageAsyncTask     private ListenAsyncTask listenAsyncTask     private String ipAddress     private Socket socket     private String id      public SocketConnectionManagerContext context, Socket socket, String id         this.context  context         this.socket  socket         this.id  id            Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... params          Log.iSocketConnetionManger, start background task          startConnection         return           public void startConnection         Log.iSocketConnetionManger, start connection          try             InputStreamReader inputStreamReader  new InputStreamReadersocket.getInputStream             BufferedReader  bufferedReader  new BufferedReaderinputStreamReader get the client message             Log.iSocketConnetionManger, waiting to read line             String response  bufferedReader.readLine             ifresponse  null                  Log.iSocketConnetionManger,null line read  just ip test from client                           else                  Log.iSocketConnetionManger,message read  response                  messageAsyncTask  new MessageAsyncTaskcontext,socket,id                  listenAsyncTask  new ListenAsyncTaskcontext,socket,id                  messageAsyncTask.executeOnExecutorFireTvApplication context.threadPoolExecutor, String[]null                  listenAsyncTask.executeOnExecutorFireTvApplication context.threadPoolExecutor, String[]null                                catch Exception e             e.printStackTrace                 codepre  pListenAsyncTaskp  precodepublic class ListenAsyncTask extends AsyncTaskltString,String,Stringgt      private Socket client     private static InputStreamReader inputStreamReader     private static BufferedReader bufferedReader     private Context context         private String id     private String TAG  ListenAsyncTask      public ListenAsyncTaskContext context, Socket socket, String id         client  socket         this.context  context         this.id id             Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... params          String response           Log.iTAG  id, background task started         try              inputStreamReader  new InputStreamReaderclient.getInputStream             bufferedReader  new BufferedReaderinputStreamReader get the client message             while true                              response  bufferedReader.readLine                 ifresponse  null                     Log.iTAG  id,null line read                     break                                  Log.iTAG  id,message read  response                 JSONObject messageJson  new JSONObjectresponse                 messageJson.putid,id                 publishProgressnew String[]messageJson.toString                 Log.iTAG  id, message posted                          Log.iTAG  id, connection ended             inputStreamReader.close             client.close   closing the connection           catch UnknownHostException e              e.printStackTrace          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                  catchException e             e.printStackTrace                     return response          Override     protected void onProgressUpdateString... values          super.onProgressUpdatevalues         Log.iTAG  id,sending received intent   values[0]         Intent intent  new Intentcom.excelltech.tft.server.received         intent.putExtramessage,values[0]         context.sendBroadcastintent          Override     protected void onPostExecuteString result         Log.iTAG  id,ENDED          codepre  pThe client code that writes to the server is below. The logs indicate that the writes seem to work correctly, but after a couple writes, only the last client to connect to the server actually has its messages received by the server.p  precode        while connectionEstablished              whilewaitingForProcessing                           waitingForProcessing  true             String outputMessage  responseString             Log.iMessageAsyncTask, about to send message  outputMessage             printwriter.writeoutputMessage  n  write the message to output stream             printwriter.flush             Log.iMessageAsyncTask, message sent          codepre
Negative 802 pIn ARuco, a marker is a custom class.p  pUsing the line  codecoutltltMarkers[0]code Where Markers is codevectorltMarkergtcodep  pThe following example could be output code18561.277,163.281 186.9,174.062 182.589,293.509 55.8044,296.465 Txyz999999 999999 999999 Rxyz999999 999999 999999code p  pI need the first 4 sets of numbers, but afaik theyre not an accessible attribute of the class via markername.attributename. The only way to get them output is via cout. Everything else gets me the address e.g. code0xbf76ea14codep  pSo two possible answers I can see 1 Easiest way to retrieving the line after cout and get it into a string I can work with 2 Any way trick it into thinking its printing to cout and skip a stepp
Negative 802 pIve just spent 20 hours in learning about the basics of Dart language, but when I find the codecode prefix in an opensource Dart program such as a hrefhttpsgithub.comvsavkinangulardartsampleappblobmasterwebtalktomemain.dart relnofollowherea, which I found that most programs use, I wonder what the codecode directive do in those programs...p  pFor your information, a hrefhttpswww.dartlang.orgdocsdartupandrunningcontentsch02.htmlch02metadata relnofollowthe official documentation says the followingap  blockquote Metadata  Use metadata to give additional information about your code. A metadata annotation begins with the character , followed by either a reference to a compiletime constant such as deprecated or a call to a constant constructor.  Three annotations are available to all Dart code deprecated, override, and proxy. For examples of using override and proxy, see the section called Extending a Class. Heres an example of using the deprecated annotation blockquote  pHowever, what additional information does the codecode directive add to the code If you create an instance by writing the following constructorp  precodetodoseth, make this do something codepre  p, instead of the following constructor, which is the defaultp  precodetodoseth, make this do something codepre  p, what is the benefit I can get from the first constructorp  pIve got that using the builtin metadata such as codedeprecatedcode and codeoverridecode can give me an advantage of being warned in running the app, but what can I get from the case on the custom codetodocode, or the aforementioned linked sample code over Github p
Negative 802 pUsing p  precodegcc m32 myprog.c codepre  pshould compile in 32 bit version the file codemyprog.ccodep  punfortunately I get this errorp  precodeIn file included from usrincludestdio.h270,                                                                                     from myprog.c1                                                                                   usrincludefeatures.h37425 fatal error syscdefs.h No such file or directory                                    include ltsyscdefs.hgt codepre  pHow could I fix this    p  pIf I dont use codem32code works but uses 64 bit istructionsp
Negative 802 pI have a question about the DataGrid and drag and drop. I have several examples between 2 DataGrid or DataTable found. But I need Drag and Drop within a DataGrid. Is it possiblep
Negative 802 pI am using high chart to draw a pie chart and requirement are when we click on a part of chart it need to drill down to other level. p  pI need to drill down up to 3 to 4 level.p  pFor example if I create chart for apparel when I click it will drill down to chart that contains apparel categories like  men apparel, women apparel , child apparel etc. Level 2p  pIt is working fine 1 level and example for this given at High Charts official site a hrefhttpwww.highcharts.comdemopiedrilldown relnofollowhttpwww.highcharts.comdemopiedrilldownap  pBut I want one more level deep drill down like if now I click on women apparel it will drill down to women apparel categories like  bags, sunglasses, watches, earnings, etc.p  pCan anyone help me out p
Negative 802 pI have a grails controller to handle uploaded files. p  pNow the problem is that i dont know by which name user will upload the file. p  prequest.getFilefileNamep  pI dont know the fileName.p  pPlease let me know how to handle anonymous file upload. These files are being uploaded from a javascript rich text editor and the name of the file input is comes different with each request. p  pPlease help. p
Negative 802 pI have a mobile app that is working with the backend server, I would like to understand what are the best practices for using facebook to login create an account and then to maintain the whole system in sync.p  pHere is what I understand so far  Mobile app can do the login on the device and get the accesstoken  Access token can be transferred to the server. I did a proof of concept using passportfacebooktoken hooked to some api.myhost.comauthfacebook route, and it seems I can authenticate the user and retrieve his FB data. Therefore I can either match him to existing user in my database or create a new record.p  pWhat I dont understand 1 Must I use https for transferring the FB token to my serverp  p2 What do I do for my other requests that are supposed to be authenticated. I dont think going to FB for every request is an option. One option that comes to mind is to generate another my own access token and return it as a result of the FB authentication. p  pThe simplest way to do it is by using passportfacebooktoken sessions so that cookie session ID can be serialized and deserialized into user ID. But that means I need to maintain some KV storage for sessions. p  pAnother way would be generate my own random token for that user, return it along with user ID on successful login, store it in the user record and have each API call from the client provide this idtoken pair and revalidate them each time manually without relying on passport. Or then maybe with relying on passport local strategyp  pWhich one is better What are proscons of each onep  p2 If I do plan to use FB token for posting to FB and doing graph analytics friends etc, I  am planning to store the token on the server. How often do I need to refresh it Every time the app starts and refreshes a token on the client should I reauthenticate with my server using new FB token What about refreshing user FB tokens by servertoserver calls Should I ever do it if I want to maintain access to users FB data, but user stopped using my or uses it too infrequentlyp  pIs there anywhere a cookbook of a working scheme that works wellp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pSo I am in the process of submitting my first application to iTunes, I went through the entire process, and when I clicked distribute on my archive so that i could submit my app for approval, I got this image saying that a certain amount of things have failed. I fixed all the app icons that were missing I didnt know that you had to have all of them, but I have them all now.p  pIf possible, could you guys explain what each one means and how to fix it Im having a very large problem here since my app is actually part of a school project due in two days.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comdIO4T.png althttpi.stack.imgur.comdIO4T.pngp
Negative 802 pId like to know if theres other options for form validation other than using directives. p  pMixing your validation business with the view is not what I call separationofconcerns and it seems validation support is too primitive in angular world. p  pIm used to working with knockout and want something like a hrefhttpsgithub.comKnockoutContribKnockoutValidation relnofollowknockoutvalidationa. Validation rules there are set in the viewmodel, complete and clean separate from the view. Is there any comparable lib to that  p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to update an already existing document by ID. My intention is to find the doc by its id, then change its firstName with new value coming in json, then update it into the CouchDB database. Here is my codep  precodedef updateDocself, id, json     doc  self.db.getid     doc[firstName]  json[firstName]     docid, docrev  self.db.savedoc     print docid, docrev     print Saved json is retrieved from PUT request request.json codepre  pat strongself.db.savedocstrong Im getting exception as strongtoo many values to unpackstrong.p  pI am using Bottle framework, Python 2.7 and Couch Query.p  pHow do I update the document by id what is the right way to do itp
Negative 802 pI need to get some json data from my server that contains data about the assistence of the company employees. Im using an example of codeCalendarViewcodep  pI need to change the data origin fromp  precodeCursor cursor  context.getContentResolver                 .queryUri.parsecontentcom.android.calendarevents,                         new String[]  calendarid, title, description,                                 dtstart, dtend, eventLocation , null,                         null, null codepre  pto p  precodeCursor cursor  context.getContentResolver                 .queryUri.parsehttpwww.gettford.netcomunidadapicalendario.php,                         new String[]  calendarid, title, description,                                 dtstart, dtend, eventLocation , null,                         null, null codepre  pObviously the code is wrong, but i do not know how to put json inside a cursor, i know how to get the json and insert it in an array but in this case i dont know what to do.p  pAppreciate any helpp  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pive tried for several days and i cant get it work. I want to get the id of div codeuiwidgetcontentcode that is the draggable item, when i dropped and click on the div codeuiwidgetheadercode that is the dropped item but i cant get it work.p  precode      ltscriptgt           document.readyfunction               j1, j2, j3, j4, j5, j6.draggable             p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6.droppable                hoverClass uistatehover,                helper clone,                cursor move,                drop function event, ui                    this.addClassuistatehighlight                   ui.draggable.addClassuistatehighlight                   ui.draggable.draggableenable                   console.logDragged   alertui.draggable.attrid                                                  uiwidgetheader.clickfunction                var itemid  ui.item.attrid                    alertitemid          .uidroppable.clickfunction              var myStringPosition  div  event.target.attrid              .uidroppable.eachfunction                myStringPosition  this[0].id                             alertmyStringPosition                  ltscriptgt    ltheadgt    ltbodygt        ltdiv idj1 classuiwidgetcontent datauserid1gtJogador 1ltdivgt        ltdiv idj2 classuiwidgetcontentgtJogador 2ltdivgt        ltdiv idj3 classuiwidgetcontentgtJogador 3ltdivgt        ltdiv idj4 classuiwidgetcontentgtJogador 4ltdivgt        ltdiv idj5 classuiwidgetcontentgtJogador 5ltdivgt        ltdiv idj6 classuiwidgetcontentgtJogador 6ltdivgt        ltdiv idp1 classuiwidgetheadergtltpgtPosicao 1ltpgtltdivgt        ltdiv idp2 classuiwidgetheadergtltpgtPosicao 2ltpgtltdivgt        ltdiv idp3 classuiwidgetheadergtltpgtPosicao 3ltpgtltdivgt        ltdiv idp1 classuiwidgetheadergtltpgtPosicao 4ltpgtltdivgt        ltdiv idp2 classuiwidgetheadergtltpgtPosicao 5ltpgtltdivgt        ltdiv idp3 classuiwidgetheadergtltpgtPosicao 6ltpgtltdivgt      ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre
Negative 802 pI got a variable using codedocument.getSelectioncodep  pThis variable is well displayed if I use codealertcode but not if I use codehtmlcode.p  pHow can I make it visible with codehtmlcodep  pre classlangjs prettyprintoverridecodedocument.readyfunction .sentence.dblclickfunction         var selectedword  document.getSelection         wordtobeshownedin.htmlselectedword         alertselectedword   codepre  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltp classsentencegthave a tryltpgt ltpgtSelected word should appear here ltspan idwordtobeshownedingtXXXltspangtltpgt codepre  pExample compatible with chrome a hrefhttpjs.docode38012 relnofollowhttpjs.docode38012ap
Negative 802 pI am having issues with Picasso, I have a custom adapter loading images by the followingp  pPicasso.withthis.ctx.loadcontact.getPhotoURI.placeholderR.drawable.contactnopicture.intoimgp  pThis is loaded into an ImageView which is placed inside a GridView.p  pThe result is the followingp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comRqVJT.png altenter image description herep  pAs you can see the images are half loaded and in some cases, not loaded at all.p  pAm I missing somethingp
Negative 802 pHaving some problems getting MySQL queries working from powershell, here is my codep  precodefunction InvokeMySQL  Param   [Parameter   Mandatory  true,   ParameterSetName  ,   ValueFromPipeline  true]   [string]Query     MySQLAdminUserName  USER MySQLAdminPassword  PASSWORD MySQLDatabase  DATABASE MySQLHost  MYSQLSERVER.mydomain.local ConnectionString  server  MySQLHost   port3306 uid  MySQLAdminUserName   pwd  MySQLAdminPassword   databaseMySQLDatabase  Try    [void][System.Reflection.Assembly]LoadWithPartialNameMySql.Data   Connection  NewObject MySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlConnection   Connection.ConnectionString  ConnectionString   Connection.Open    Command  NewObject MySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlCommandQuery, Connection   DataAdapter  NewObject MySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlDataAdapterCommand   DataSet  NewObject System.Data.DataSet   RecordCount  dataAdapter.FilldataSet, data   DataSet.Tables[0]     Catch    throw ERROR  Unable to run query  query nError[0]    Finally    Connection.Close       InvokeMySQL Query select  from ImaginaryTable codepre  pThe problem occurs on the Connection.Open command with the following errorp  precodeERROR  Unable to run query  select  from ImaginaryTable Exception calling Open with 0 arguments Unable to connect to any of the specified MySQL h osts.[0] codepre  pAnyone that can help me p
Negative 802 pAnybody know how to set ENV variables in codeproduction.rbcode using the new codesecrets.ymlcode p  pIm getting codekey wrong number of arguments 0 for 1code for the belowp  pproduction.rbp  precode DOES NOT WORK  ENV[SOMESTUFFKEY]  Rails.application.secrets.somestuff.key ENV[SOMESTUFFSECRETKEY]  Rails.application.secrets.somestuff.secretkey   NOTE THAT THIS WORKS   ENV[SOMESTUFFKEY]  abcdefg  ENV[SOMESTUFFSECRETKEY]  123456789123456789 codepre  psecrets.ymlp  precodeproduction   somestuff     key abcdefg     secretkey 123456789123456789 codepre
Negative 802 pIve 100 documents like thisp  precodeltdocgt ltfield nameidgt9ltfieldgt ltfield nameriskIdgt4ltfieldgt ltfield nameriskTypegtlegalltfieldgt ltfield nameriskValuegt3ltfieldgt ltfield nameproductgtRouter CTP133ltfieldgt ltfield namefacilitygtplantltfieldgt ltfield namelocationgtBusan, korealtfieldgt ltdocgt codepre  pcurrently if i search for RouterXYZ8983solrcollection1selectqrouter, i get result if the word Router is present in product field. but i want to query in other way like...if i search for RTXYZ8983solrcollection1selectqRT, i should get the same result.p  pPlease help me out. Ive got this requirement to do p
Negative 802 pI have two threads. One is EDT using the swingUtilities.invokeLater and the other is for calculation. I get the input from a mouse click handled in the EDT and then perform the calculation in the other. But I get the following output the black numbers are in EDT, the red are in the otherp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtFMoU.png altenter image description herep  pSo it seems that the calculation occurs before I read the data from GUI. Could anyone explain whyp  pstrongEditstrong Some codep  precode  in EDT   public void mousePressed MouseEvent e           get the position       System.out.printlni     jgt black numbers       played  true               in thread 2   public boolean valid Move m           System.err.printlnm.locX  m.locY gt red numbers        use the position get in EDT        System.out.printlnfinishedgt black finished    codepre
Negative 802 pI have an open source app that Ive recently added inapp billing to. Is it safe to keep it open source, since the code now has the RSA key in itp  pThe key Im referring to is the Base64encoded RSA public key provided by the Google Play Developer Console.p
Negative 802 pIm using a thirdparty library which includes codemallocnp.hcode. From what I found over internet, this means that the code was supposed to compile under FreeBSD, although simply changing the include to codemalloc.hcode made it compilable under Linux Ubuntu 13.10.p  pNow Im writing a CMake script for this library to generate appropriate make files including NMake makefiles for MSVC 2010.p  pWhat is the best way to achieve portability in such a scenariop  pMy current solution is to test forp  precodeCMAKESYSTEMNAME STREQUAL FreeBSD codepre  pin the CMake script. Depending on the result I issue ap  precodeadddefinitions DINCLUDEMALLOCHinclude ltmalloc[np].hgt codepre  pcommand and use this macro in the source file instead of codeinclude ltmallocnp.hgtcode.p  pIs this a good practicep
Negative 802 pI am new to coding objectiveC and am trying to use pop to codeviewControllercode. To do this when a button is tapped i usep  precode[self.navigationController popToViewControllerwhat goes here animatedYES] codepre  pI know its a codeUIViewControllercode that goes there but I am wondering where do I declare this and what code would I use to declare it.p  pMy basic storyboard is I have 4 view controller A,B,C,D and A is the root which pushed to B which pushes to C which pushes to D, my button is on D and I am trying to pop back to B. The object at index method wont work because its doesnt always go codeAgtBgtCgtDcode sometimes it goes codeAgtCgtBgtDcode so p  precode[self.navigationController popToViewController [self.navigationController.viewControllers objectAtIndex2] animatedYES] codepre  pSo that doesnt work.p  pThanks for the help in advance. Sorry if this question is too basic.p
Negative 802 pPlease help me in finding a solution forp  pmerging multiple tables with similar names in MySQL [duplicate] from different Databasesp
Negative 802 pIf i have the following datatype declaredp  pdatatype a data  None  Single of a  Multiple of a listp  pand I need to create a function witch receives Multiple and if it contains only one object then it will return that object but as Single otherwise it just returns Multiple. Is it possiblep
Negative 802 pIm aware of the SO threads about this Ive linked them below, but unfortunately I  couldnt solve this with them, so please allow me this question p  pIve bootstrapped an AngularJS project with Yeoman and thus rely on a grunt.js build utilizing bower.js and SCSS. I want to use fontawesome and the glyphiconshalflingsregular from bootstrapsassofficial. When running grunt serve everything is fine, but when I want to create a fileset for distribution, the references to the font files are not updated as they should.p  pThe main.scss containsp  precodeiconfontpath ..bowercomponentsbootstrapsassofficialvendorassetsfontsbootstrap import bootstrapsassofficialvendorassetsstylesheetsbootstrap  fafontpath ..bowercomponentsfontawesomefonts import fontawesomescssfontawesome codepre  pbut the outcome in the diststyles123456.main.css are references likep  precodefontfacefontfamilyFontAwesomesrcurlUsersmarkussrcangularapp.tmpbowercomponentsfontawesomefontsfontawesomewebfont.eotv4.1.0 codepre  pSo, to me it looks like the path is updated to the tmp path but not with the right value for dist.  I tried to fiddle with the copy and rev tasks in the gruntfile but havent found the right trigger to pull, yet p  pThreads and other sources I used to find a solution for thisp  ul lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21310382fontawesomeisnotworkingwhenprojectisbuiltwithgrunt2131088521310885Fontawesome is not working when project is built with gruntali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21932451assetsmissinginangularapplicationbuiltusinggruntAssets missing in Angular application built using gruntali lia hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions22637984fontawesomeurlnotcodedinmaincssforgruntdistFont awesome URL not coded in main.css for grunt distali lia hrefhttplikesalmon.netusefontawesomeonyeomanangularjsprojects relnofollowhttplikesalmon.netusefontawesomeonyeomanangularjsprojectsali lia hrefhttpsgithub.comyeomangeneratorangularissues350 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comyeomangeneratorangularissues350ali ul  pAny hints how I could takle thisp
Negative 802 pThis is my tablep  precode  CREATE TABLE tabadasf    adasfid bigint20 unsigned NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   adasfshopId int10 unsigned NOT NULL,   adasflocalId bigint20 unsigned NOT NULL,   adasfshopState varchar255 DEFAULT NULL,   adasfshopCity varchar255 DEFAULT NULL,   adasfshopName varchar255 DEFAULT NULL,   adasfshopDoor varchar255 DEFAULT NULL,   adasfcomputerName varchar255 DEFAULT NULL,   adasfchannel bigint20 NOT NULL,   adasftotalInside bigint20 NOT NULL,   adasftotalOutside bigint20 NOT NULL,   adasfcreatedAt datetime NOT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY adasfid,   KEY adasfshopId adasfshopId,   KEY adasflocalId adasflocalId,   KEY adasfshopState adasfshopState,adasfshopCity,adasfshopName,adasfshopDoor,   KEY adasfcomputerName adasfcomputerName,adasfchannel,adasfcreatedAt,   CONSTRAINT tabadasfibfk1 FOREIGN KEY adasfshopId REFERENCES tabshop shopid ON UPDATE CASCADE  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT1453500 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8 codepre  pAs AUTOINCREMENTs value says it has 1453500 rows.p  pIn order to generate a XML file, I need the resultset as followsp  precodeSELECT     UPPERadasfshopState AS adasfshopState,     UPPERadasfshopCity AS adasfshopCity,     UPPERadasfshopName AS adasfshopName,     UPPERadasfshopDoor AS adasfshopDoor,     adasfcomputerName,     adasfchannel,     SUMadasftotalInside AS adasftotalInside,     SUMadasftotalOutside AS adasftotalOutside,     YEARadasfcreatedAt AS year,     MONTHadasfcreatedAt AS month,     DAYadasfcreatedAt AS day,     HOURadasfcreatedAt AS hour     FROM tabadasf  WHERE 11 AND adasfshopId  1 AND HOURadasfcreatedAt BETWEEN 1000 AND 2100  GROUP BY     UPPERadasfshopState,     UPPERadasfshopCity,     UPPERadasfshopName,     UPPERadasfshopDoor,     adasfcomputerName,     adasfchannel,     YEARadasfcreatedAt,     MONTHadasfcreatedAt,     DAYadasfcreatedAt,     HOURadasfcreatedAt ORDER BY     UPPERadasfshopState,     UPPERadasfshopCity,     UPPERadasfshopName,     UPPERadasfshopDoor,     UPPERadasfcomputerName,     adasfchannel,     adasfcreatedAt codepre  pIt takes 3 minutes to run and fetch.p  pMy question is what am I doing wrong How can I speed up this query or tablep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pIs it possible to add loggers programmability in codelog4j2code just by specifying the logger name  I tired to search it on the web and I came across something saying that codelog4j2code doesnt allow this kind of feature. Here is the linkp  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions15441477howtoaddlog4j2appendersatruntimeprogrammaticallyHow to add Log4J2 appenders at runtime programmaticallyap  pIs there a way to do thisp
Negative 802 pI am using Apache CXFs cxfcodegenplugin to turn a wsdl into java objects. I specified a binding file to add additional jaxb processing. I want all of these files to inherit from an interface or extend an abstract class.p  pMy problem is that while I can get this to work with one generated file usingp  precodeltjaxbbindings nodexsdcomplexType[namesampleObj] gt         ltinheritanceimplementsgtexample.Daoltinheritanceimplementsgt     ltjaxbbindingsgt codepre  pwhich will make sampleObj implement example.Dao.  I do not know how to get this to process for all of my complex types generated classes. Without repeating the above binding for emeveryem class 100p  pI tried, p  precode ltjaxbbindings  multipletrue nodexsdcompexType[name] gt codepre  pbut it does not work.p  pHere is my maven plugin, if it helpsp  precode ltplugingt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.cxfltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcxfcodegenpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongtcxf.versionltversiongt             ltexecutionsgt                 ltexecutiongt                     ltidgtgenerateresourcesltidgt                     ltphasegtprocessresourcesltphasegt                     ltconfigurationgt                         ltsourceRootgtproject.build.directorygeneratedltsourceRootgt                                                ltwsdlOptionsgt                             ltwsdlOptiongt                                  ltwsdlgtwsdllocationltwsdlgt                                 ltwsdlLocationgtclasspathwsdl.wsdlltwsdlLocationgt                                  ltltwsdlLocationgtclasspathwsdl.wsdlltwsdlLocationgtgt                                 ltextraargsgt                                     ltextraarggtautoNameResolutionltextraarggt                                     ltextraarggtxjcXfluentapiltextraarggt                                     ltextraarggtxjcXbgltextraarggt                                     ltextraarggtverboseltextraarggt                                     ltextraargsgtvalidateltextraargsgt                                     ltextraargsgtmarkgeneratedltextraargsgt                                           ltextraargsgtxjcXinheritanceltextraargsgt                                     ltextraarggtpltextraarggt                                     ltextraarggtcom.exampleltextraarggt                                 ltextraargsgt                                  ltbindingFilesgt                                       ltbindingFilegtproject.build.directoryclassesjaxwsbinding.xjbltbindingFilegt                                  ltbindingFilesgt                             ltwsdlOptiongt                         ltwsdlOptionsgt                      ltconfigurationgt                     ltgoalsgt                         ltgoalgtwsdl2javaltgoalgt                     ltgoalsgt                 ltexecutiongt             ltexecutionsgt             ltdependenciesgt                 ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.jvnet.jaxb2commonsltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtjaxb2fluentapiltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt3.0ltversiongt                 ltdependencygt                 ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.jvnet.jaxb2commonsltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtjaxb2basicsltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt0.6.5ltversiongt                 ltdependencygt                 ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.jvnet.jaxb2commonsltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtjaxb2basicsannotateltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt0.6.5ltversiongt                 ltdependencygt                  ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.jvnet.jaxb2commonsltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtjaxb2basicsruntimeltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt0.6.5ltversiongt                 ltdependencygt                  ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.cxf.xjcpluginsltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtcxfxjcbooleanltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongt2.7.0ltversiongt                 ltdependencygt                 ltdependencygt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.cxfltgroupIdgt                     ltartifactIdgtcxfapiltartifactIdgt                     ltversiongtcxf.versionltversiongt                 ltdependencygt             ltdependenciesgt         ltplugingt      ltpluginsgt codepre
Negative 802 pDuring the course of the project, I experience a memory leak was So the solution was to select AQuery.p  paq.id.image cant use R.drawablep  pHow can I use drawable image for Aqueryp  precodeAQuery aq  new AquerygetActivity  ....  aq.idR.id.imageview.imageR.drawable.image1     It cant codepre
Negative 802 pWe have observed the httpOnly attribute has some changes in java 6 Update 71, due to which my JSessionIDSSO cookie has the attribute httpOnly as true.p  pjust need to check , has anyone faced the same issue p  pNow my JNLP application which uses JSessionIDSSO is broken as it is not able to read JSessionIDSSO. Doing httpOnly attribute for JSessionIDSSO as false, let it work.p  pCan anyone suggest the solution for this behaviour.p  pthanksp
Negative 802 pHey anyone know how to take automatic backup of a SQL Server database once a day or it may be daily or periodic basesp  pIf you know any configuration of SQL Server then please tell me.p  pOr you may have solution by using a C  .NET Windows application, then please also tell me.p
Negative 802 pI am working on a post your free adds page.p  pIts a mobile website I am using strongJQMstrong for the UI design.p  pMy question is what would be the best practice for making this UI design one link which I got after researching in google a hrefhttpdesigninginterfaces.compatternswizard relnofollowstrongLINKstrongap  pexplains most of it but it would be really great to have more inputs from any of you who has experience in UI design .p  pI am including an image which I have designed for the UI to give you a better explanation of my question p  pThanks in advance .p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comuLt4g.jpg altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pIm following a hrefhttpmrhaki.blogspot.in200909groovygoodnessusinglistsandmapsas.html relnofollowthisa blog post about using Lists and Maps as Constructors. p  pWhy does following list fail to coerce to objectp  precodeclass Test      static class TestObject          private int a  1         protected int b  2         public int c  3         int d  4         String s  s           static mainargs          def obj  [1, 2, 3, 4, s] as TestObject       codepre  pI get this exceptionp  precodeCaught org.codehaus.groovy.runtime.typehandling.GroovyCastException Cannot cast object [1, 2, 3, 4, s] with class java.util.ArrayList to class in.ksharma.TestTestObject due to groovy.lang.GroovyRuntimeException Could not find matching constructor for in.ksharma.TestTestObjectjava.lang.Integer, java.lang.Integer, java.lang.Integer, java.lang.Integer, java.lang.String org.codehaus.groovy.runtime.typehandling.GroovyCastException Cannot cast object [1, 2, 3, 4, s] with class java.util.ArrayList to class in.ksharma.TestTestObject due to groovy.lang.GroovyRuntimeException Could not find matching constructor for in.ksharma.TestTestObjectjava.lang.Integer, java.lang.Integer, java.lang.Integer, java.lang.Integer, java.lang.String     at in.ksharma.Test.mainTest.groovy22 codepre
Negative 802 precodeimport QtQuick 2.0  Item      width 660     height 660      Rectangle              id  dial         width 360         height 360          color gray          Rectangle                      id dot             height 5             width 5             color red             x dial.x  dial.width2             y dial.y  dial.height2                   Image                      id line             source home...documentsteststraightLine.jpg             height 50             width 50             anchors.horizontalCenter parent.horizontalCenter             anchors.verticalCenter parent.verticalCenter             transform Rotation                              origin.x dial.x  dial.width2                 origin.y dial.y  dial.height2                 angle 40                             codepre  pThe codedotcode is a representation of the origin point. The lines center point should stay at that origin.p  pWhen I apply the codeangle  40code, the line moves away from its origin.p  pHow to tell it to say at that origin while rotatingp
Negative 802 pI have a project that has been working fine in Visual Studio 2013 that is written in C using WPF. This project has a few dependenciesp  ul liGalaSoft.MvvmLight Toolkitli liNewtonsoft.Jsonli liXceed.Wpf.Toolkitli ul  pPrior to last night the project has been working fine, ran and was able to be debugged without issue. However, last night when deciding to work on the project, I opened and tried compiling then debugging. When the application attempts to be ran via the debugger, I receivep  pcodeError while trying to run project Could not load file or assembly MyProjectName or one of its dependencies. The module was expected to contain an assembly manifest.codep  pSome things I have tried based on other questions and Googlep  ul liCleaning the solution and rebuilding did not help.li liRenaming the project did not help.li liThere are no name collisions in the dependencies and the project.li liBuilding as AnyCPU works within the debugger but I am specifically trying to use x86li ul  pAnother thing to note is that the compiled binary runs fine outside of Visual Studio. It just refuses to be debugged within VS. Which does not make sense to me that it will run fine outside of VS without the error, but inside it throws that error with no additional information.p  pThe debug output does not contain any error information that would be at all useful.p  pCompiling after running Build  Clean givesp  precode    1gt Rebuild All started Project MyProjectName, Configuration Debug x86      1gt  MyProjectName gt ltPath StrippedgtMyProjectName.exe      Rebuild All 1 succeeded, 0 failed, 0 skipped  codepre  pAttempting to debug the x86 build givesp  precode    MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGAC64mscorlibv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089mscorlib.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsassemblyGACMSILMicrosoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.Utilities12.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aMicrosoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.Utilities.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Windows.Formsv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Windows.Forms.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Drawingv4.04.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aSystem.Drawing.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystemv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsassemblyGACMSILMicrosoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.Utilities.Sync12.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aMicrosoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.Utilities.Sync.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsassemblyGACMSILMicrosoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Runtime12.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aMicrosoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Runtime.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded ltPath StrippedgtMyProjectName.vshost.exe     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Xmlv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Xml.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILMicrosoft.CSharpv4.04.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aMicrosoft.CSharp.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Corev4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Core.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Xamlv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Xaml.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Xml.Linqv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Xml.Linq.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILWindowsBasev4.04.0.0.031bf3856ad364e35WindowsBase.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGAC64PresentationCorev4.04.0.0.031bf3856ad364e35PresentationCore.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILPresentationFrameworkv4.04.0.0.031bf3856ad364e35PresentationFramework.dll     A first chance exception of type System.Runtime.InteropServices.COMException occurred in Microsoft.VisualStudio.HostingProcess.Utilities.dll     The thread vshost.NotifyLoad 0x15c8 has exited with code 0 0x0.     The thread vshost.LoadReference 0x29d0 has exited with code 0 0x0.     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded ltPath StrippedgtMyProjectName.exe, Symbols loaded.     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Configurationv4.04.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aSystem.Configuration.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILPresentationFrameworkSystemXmlLinqv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089PresentationFrameworkSystemXmlLinq.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded GalaSoft.MvvmLight     A first chance exception of type System.IO.FileNotFoundException occurred in System.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded System.Windows.Interactivity     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded Newtonsoft.Json     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Numericsv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Numerics.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILPresentationFramework.Aerov4.04.0.0.031bf3856ad364e35PresentationFramework.Aero.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILSystem.Dynamicv4.04.0.0.0b03f5f7f11d50a3aSystem.Dynamic.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded Anonymously Hosted DynamicMethods Assembly     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILPresentationFrameworkSystemXmlv4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089PresentationFrameworkSystemXml.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGAC64System.Datav4.04.0.0.0b77a5c561934e089System.Data.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     A first chance exception of type Microsoft.CSharp.RuntimeBinder.RuntimeBinderException occurred in Microsoft.CSharp.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILUIAutomationTypesv4.04.0.0.031bf3856ad364e35UIAutomationTypes.dll     MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 Loaded CWindowsMicrosoft.NetassemblyGACMSILUIAutomationProviderv4.04.0.0.031bf3856ad364e35UIAutomationProvider.dll     A first chance exception of type System.Net.WebException occurred in System.dll     The thread vshost.RunParkingWindow 0x31a4 has exited with code 0 0x0.     The thread ltNo Namegt 0x2884 has exited with code 0 0x0.     The thread ltNo Namegt 0x3590 has exited with code 0 0x0.     The program [12724] MyProjectName.vshost.exe Managed v4.0.30319 has exited with code 0 0x0.     The program [12724] MyProjectName.vshost.exe Program Trace has exited with code 0 0x0. codepre  pThere is no useful stack info since there is no breakpoints hit as this dies before my app starts. So I am unsure what module is causing this. Given that it runs fine on disk from whats compiled, I dont think the issue resides in my project but perhaps inside of VS. I have not installeduninstalled anything on the machine so nothing has changed lately. I am unsure why this just started happening out of nowhere. p  pstrongEditstrongp  pAnd now AnyCPU is causing the error to appear when it was literally just working as I was typing this.. p
Negative 802 pI have an array of linked lists, and use two for loops to search through each linked list on the array. Anyone any tips on how I remove the item when I have found itp  precodepublic UserAppint max  a new User[max]  nElems0   int maxSize100 UserApp arr arr new UserAppmaxSize  arr.insertEvans, Patty, 24          insert 10 items arr.insertSmith, Doc, 59 arr.insertSmith, Lorraine, 37 arr.insertSmith, Paul, 37 arr.insertYee, Tom, 43 arr.insertHash, Doc, 21 arr.insertStimson, John, 29 arr.insertEvans, Jose, 72 arr.insertYang, Doc, 22 arr.insertCreswell, Lucinda, 18  LinkedList[] myList  new LinkedList[3] myList[0]  new LinkedList myList[0].adda[1] myList[0].adda[2] myList[0].adda[3]  myList[1]  new LinkedList myList[1].adda[4] myList[1].adda[3]  myList[2]  new LinkedList myList[2].adda[2] myList[2].adda[9]  public void deleteFromListUser found    for int i0 iltmyList.length i      for int j0 jltmyList[i].size j         if myList[i].listIteratorj.next.equalsfound         then delete codepre
Negative 802 pSuppose I have a bunch of classes in a WCF service to be exposed to a consumer. This list is enumerated in a method called clsServiceEnumertion.ListOfServices returning Dictionarystring, Boolean within the WCF service. The list of available wrapped classes is stored in an enum in this service enumeration and they are enummed identically to the class name such as clsEmailWrapper, clsPDFGenerator, and so forth. This way we can expose a reusable object as a service to multiple internally hosted websites and internal software without rewriting a lot of code, duplicating code, single point of updates, etc.p  pAt any given time, the availability of any of these wrapped classes might be unavailable due to maintenance, bug, discontinued, etc. This is controlled by the user in a configuration application. We also will not know ahead of time how many services will be there or what they will be called a year from now there might be, say, 50. Services available and if they are enabled are stored in an xml file and bandied about the system in the form of Dictionarystring, boolean.p  pSounds like a prime candidate for an iterator that would take advantage of the boolean. Problem I only have string references to the service class which happen to be identical to the useful yet descriptively named bundled classes.p  pI know about reflection and activator but its not fitting together into my head correctly. Can someone help me out on how to iterate through this dictionary, get the name of the class as a string if the boolean is true, create an object of that type and invoke the .Test method which will exist in all wrapped classes the test method is to make sure that the service can run and will return a boolean while the iterator itself will store the name of the class and the results in a dictionarystring, boolean.p  pI have everything except the actual iterator written.p  precode  public Dictionaryltstring, Booleangt TestEnabledServicesDictionaryltstring, Booleangt listOfEnabledServices              Dictionaryltstring, Booleangt resultSet  new Dictionaryltstring, boolgt         foreach KeyValuePairltstring, Booleangt pair in listOfEnabledServices                      if pair.Value                              Boolean retVal  false                 TODO actual test here                 retVal  true  true  false the result of the test...                  resultSet.Addpair.Key, retVal             end if         end foreach          return resultSet     end TestEnabledService codepre
Negative 802 pThis program is intended to select rows among data that contain the value contained in the array names. The selected rows are then cutpasted into a different sheet.p  pWhen I run this code, I keep getting the error compile error expected end sub. Ive looked around a few places and nothing seems to work.p  pEDIT changed row array to string array using function below. Same error.p  pEDIT removed set from function. Same error p  precodeFunction IsInArrayToBeFound, arr As Variant As Boolean   IsInArray  UBoundFilterarr, ToBeFound gt 1 End Function   Function RangeToStringArraymyRange as range as String Credit to JA Daling     ReDim strArraymyRange.Cells.Count  1 As String     Dim idx As Long     Dim c As Range      For Each c In myRange         strArrayidx  c.Text         idx  idx  1     Next c     RangeToStringArray  strArray End Function  Sub Removedata     Dim i As Integer i  12     Dim names names  RangeToStringArraySheetsPivot 1.RangeF18F44     While i lt 554         If IsInArraySheetsRaw data test.Cellsi, 16.Value, names  True Then             SheetsRaw data test.RangeSheetsRaw data test.Cells1, 16, SheetsRaw data test.Cells26, 16.Cut             SheetsRaw Data Out of Scope.Select             ActiveSheet.Paste         End If         i  i  1     Wend End Sub codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to dynamically add a text box based on the selection of dropbox. When the user selects other a text box gets generated asking them to explain the other. The user can dynamically add mutiple dropboxes, resulting in multiple text boxes if other is selected value in dropbox. Every generated dropbox has a unique name which gets read and placed in id of dynamically generated textbox.p  pThe problem i am facing is that when there are multiple dropboxes and the first dropbox selection is something  other that Other and second dropbox value is other, the text box generated is placed in front of the first dropbox where it should be placed in front of the dropbox relevant to it.p  pThe html code is as follows for the  dropboxp  precodeltdiv idcontainergt      ltlabel idrightlabelfordropbox1gtltlabelgt     ltspangt       ltselect idfrequency onclickgetDatathis, name namedropbox[4fb103e306e74c88883673b855968478]gtltselectgt       ltspan classfieldvalidationvalid datavalmsgreplacetrue datavalmsgfordropbox[4fb103e306e74c88883673b855968478]gtltspangt     ltspangt ltdiv idhiddenothertexboxgtltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pJavascript is as followsp  precodefunction getDatatitle, i   var value  title.options[title.selectedIndex].value  var y  i.replaceg,  hiddenother.attrid, y  if value  Other       str  ltlabel idleftlabelgtif other, please specifyltlabelgtltspangtltinput idtextboxid classtextbox singleline typetext value nametextbox gtltinputgtltspangt            y.htmlstr           else      str       y.htmlstr           codepre  pteh javascript gets the names of the dropbox and replaces the id of hiddenanothertextbox with that id so its unique. I have an idea of the problem, i think its because when the user does not click teh first dropbox the id of hiddenanothertextbox does not change for the first dropbox and when another dropbox is added and the value is changed, the hiddenanothertextbox for first dropox value changes adding it in front of first not second. I am struggling to achieve teh required result.p  pUPDATED JAVASCRIPtp  precodefunction getDatatitle, i   var value  title.val var y  i.replaceg,  hiddenother.attrid, y  if value  Other       str  ltlabel idleftlabelgtif other, please specifyltlabelgtltspangtltinput idtextboxid classtextbox singleline typetext value nametextbox gtltinputgtltspangt            title.afterstr           else       title.nextUntiltextboxid.remove          codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to click an image in  with a Watir script.  Heres the source code for what Im trying to clickp  precodelttd alignrightgt    lta onclickconfirmAndSubmitExit application, saveAndExit    onmouseoverstyle.cursorhandgt    ltimg srcimagesexitBlue.gif alignbottomgtltimggt    ltagt lttdgt codepre  pWatir seems to be unable to locate the element based on my code.  It seems like I have to write sort of a complex statement with the arguments.  Ive tried p  precodeb.tdimg, srcimagesexitBlue.gif.click codepre  pas well asp  precodeb.elementcss, td[onClickconfirmAndSubmitExit application, saveAndExit].click codepre  pbut nothing seems to locate the data in the table.  Any suggestions on how to go about clicking thisp
Negative 802 pI am using jquery file validator plugin. Here is the link  br a hrefhttpadamsanderson.github.iojQueryFileValidatordocumentation relnofollowhttpadamsanderson.github.iojQueryFileValidatordocumentationabr I can call a function embefore validationem and emonInvalidem input.br But can someone tell me how can i call a function if file is a strongvalid inputstrongbr Here is the code..p  precode el .fileValidator     onValidation functionfiles  Called once before validating files  ,     onInvalid    functionvalidationType, file  Called once for each invalid file  ,     maxSize      2m, optional     type         image optional  codepre
Negative 802 pI have recently set up a web server to which a user has ssh access. I created a new git repository on the server by doing the followingp  precodeuserserverdev git init bare project.git codepre  pI am trying to import the project into my local eclipse instance, connecting using ssh. I have entered the following optionsp  precodesshuserhost.com1234devproject.git codepre  pUsing the valid username and password in the options for user. However, when I try to connect it fails to do so, but if I try and ssh to that directory as the same user via command line then I am able to get there.p  pWhat do I need to do to get the git project working correctlyp
Negative 802 pIm trying to use Express generator to create the application skeleton, however it seems to work only with Jade and EJS.p  pI dont like the idea from Jade of not using tags, because the code becomes a complete mess. And I already started working with Swig, but there arent any options for it on Express generator.p  pHow can I create this common structure using Express and Swig fasterp
Negative 802 pI dont know syntax for animate shadow in webkit browsers.p  precodeid.animatewebkitboxshadow 0 0 1rem white, 1000 codepre  podp  precodeid.animateboxShadow 0 0 1rem white, 1000 codepre  porp  precodeid.animatewebkitboxshadow 0 0 1rem white, 1000 codepre  pbut nothing happens.p
Negative 802 pI have been using Pythons Selenium Webdriver getting elements with this HTML code. However, I could not access any of the elements inside this document tag.p  pI used both  codedriver.findelementbyxpathhtmlbodydiv[idframe]iframecode, and I tried  codeelem  driver.findelementbytagiframecode, following by  codeelem.findelementbyxpathcode to find inner elements but failed.p  pI also tried to do codedriver.switchtoframedriver.findelementbytagiframecode, following with xpath expressions to find inner elements, but it also did not work.p  pFramep  precodeltdivgt     ltiframegt         document             lthtmlgt                ltbodygt                    ltdivgt                     ....                       ltdivgt                ltbodygt             lthtmlgt     ltiframegt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 802 pI have a video player and set of buttons each of button triggers different video file to be played. What happens in the iPhone 4S or 5C safari is the video player displays the content of last played video before displaying new video content. Is it something known has anyone witnessed similar issue and possibly found workaroundp
Negative 802 pI am building recursive function that go through a million line or so, I get stackOverFlow from this function during execution.p  precodeprotected String[] getConnectedCitiesString line      return line.trim.toLowerCase.replaceDELIMITER   , DELIMITER             .splitDELIMITER  codepre  pThis is the full codep  precode    protected final MapltString, Citygt processLine         final MapltString, Citygt dataMap      try          String line           if line  bReader.readLine  null              return dataMap                   Check if direct relation can be found         String connectedCities[]  parseLineline         line  null         saveConnectiondataMap, connectedCities       catch IOException e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace          return processLinedataMap  codepre  pI am not sure what am I doing wrong, I think it is related to the String line but am not quite sure what is it.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pI know turning off codeAutoLayoutcode fixes the scrolling issue.  However, I want to use codeAutoLayoutcode still.  Why does it work on iPhone and not iPad  Is there a workaround to this  This seems like a bug...p  hr  pIve tried several things to get this to work and nothing seems to do it for me.  I have a function that I call in codeviewDidAppearcode that resizes my UIScrollViews content size.  My view height is 916 and the log is saying its resizing the content height to 1267.  Scrolling is enabled I have it set in the storyboard but also set it in code to try to get this to work.p  pHeres the odd thing.  If I click inside of a text field, scrolling suddenly works.  I do alter the scroll views content size during that time, but anything I do there I have tried doing within my resize function and it still did not work.  The resize function is below as well as the animation for when I click inside a text view.p  precode voidresizescrollviewtofit      CGFloat scrollViewHeight  0.0f     for UIView view in scrollView.subviews          if view.frame.size.height  view.frame.origin.y gt scrollViewHeight              scrollViewHeight  view.frame.size.height  view.frame.origin.y  10              NSLogInside Scroll View If Statement                    NSLogResizing scroll view to fit f, scrollViewHeight      [scrollView setContentSizeCGSizeMakescrollView.frame.size.width, scrollViewHeight]      NSLogScrollview content height f, scrollView.contentSize.height      NSLogScreen height f, [[UIScreen mainScreen] bounds].size.height  codepre  pThe log I get for this each time it is ran isp  precode20140626 141405.455 eTicket[111360b] Inside Scroll View If Statement 20140626 141405.456 eTicket[111360b] Resizing scroll view to fit 1267.000000 20140626 141405.457 eTicket[111360b] Scrollview content height 1267.000000 20140626 141405.458 eTicket[111360b] Screen height 1024.000000 codepre  hr  precode void animateTextViewUITextView  textView up BOOL up      const int movementDistance  keyboardSize.height  58  tweak as needed     const float movementDuration  0.3f  tweak as needed      NSLogMoving View Up f, keyboardSize.height      int movement  up  movementDistance  movementDistance      scrollView.frame  CGRectMakescrollView.frame.origin.x, scrollView.frame.origin.y, scrollView.frame.size.width, scrollView.frame.size.height  movement      [self resizescrollviewtofit]      if up ampamp textView.frame.origin.y  10 lt scrollView.contentSize.height  scrollView.frame.size.height          scrollView.contentOffset  CGPointMake0, textView.frame.origin.y  10     else if up          scrollView.contentOffset  CGPointMake0, scrollView.contentSize.height  scrollView.frame.size.height     else        codepre  pI have placed the coderesizescrollviewtofitcode method call in several places within the code with no change in functionality.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.p  pThanks, Jamesp
Negative 802 pI am currently implementing a countdown timer for a windows phone app and I am having some trouble disabling the back button when the user is choosing a time span from the TimeSpanPicker.  I only need to disable it when this is occurring and so it has to work fine apart from this.p  pI have the override OnBackKeyPress method with the following code inside itp  precode    protected override void OnBackKeyPressSystem.ComponentModel.CancelEventArgs e              ifuser choosing duration using TimeSpanPicker                      e.Cancel  true                  base.OnBackKeyPresse      codepre  pAs you can see from the commented pseudo condition, I need a way of checking if the user is currently choosing a time span duration and if so disable the back button. Many thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pPlease help me with this p  pexample string p  precodeerror on port 124 codepre  phelp me with grep command which would display the postion of 124 in that string considering space as delimeter .p  pexpected result p  precode4error on port 124 codepre  pI have tried grep b 124 filename ... but it returns p  precode0error on port 124 codepre
Negative 802 pI am running tests which require having different keyboards open while typing throughout the app. I want to be able to run a test that perhaps launches a script that changes the default language before the test begins. I know you can run scripts which do similar things to change the state of the simulator however I cannot find where the keyboard settings are located.p
Negative 802 pI want to display a banner image across 50 of the width of the screen. p  pThe following javascript code works for my desktop but not on my iphone. The image is very small.p  precodevar width  screen.width return ltimg srchttptest.com width  width2  gt codepre  pI thought maybe width should be calculated like so p  precodevar width  window.innerWidth gt 0  window.innerWidth  screen.width codepre  pThis doesnt seem to solve my problem.p
Negative 802 pI have a website which has, amongst others, two pages an event booking page and a login page.p  pstrongMy goal I want to declare two Ajax functions, loginUser and bookEvent, that I can use on any page, also in combination.strong When the user clicks login on the login page, only the loginUser function shall be executed, when user clicks book event on the event booking page, first it should be checked if the user is loggedin, then if he is not logged in he shall have the opportunity to login invoking the loginUser function and once he has logged in he will automatically have booked the event invoking bookEvent function.p  pstrongMy questionstrong How can I combine both functions in the latter case And how can achieve that if the user is already logged in, on the events booking page only the bookingEvent function gets fired when the user clicks on book event emI am not asking for the php code, I already know how to use both functions separately from one another and how to connect to the databaseemp  pHere is what I have come up with so farp  pstrongMy two general customizable functionsstrong p  precode LOGIN USER FUNCTION function loginUserloginquery, paramresponsedberror,  paramresponsefailed, paramresponsesuccess           .ajax                 type  POST,                 url  systemprocesslogin.php,                 data  loginquery,                 cache  false,                 success  functionajaxresponse                                  if ajaxresponse  dberror                                      paramresponsedberror                                                                  if ajaxresponse  failed                                      paramresponsefailed                                                                  if ajaxresponse  success                                      paramresponsesuccess                                                                                           function loginUser   BOOK EVENT FUNCTION function bookEvent bookingquery, paramresponsedberror,  paramresponsefailed, paramresponsesuccess           .ajax                 type  POST,                 url  systemprocessbooking.php,                 data  bookingquery,                 cache  false,                 success  functionajaxresponse                                  if ajaxresponse  dberror                                      paramresponsedberror                                                                  if ajaxresponse  failed                                      paramresponsefailed                                                                  if ajaxresponse  success                                      paramresponsesuccess                                                                                           function bookEvent codepre  pstrongMy page frontendstrongp  precodelth1gtSome eventlth1gt ltpgtSome event descriptionltpgt  lta hrefgtbook eventltagt  ltdiv idloginbox styledisplaynonegt ltinput typetext idusername placeholderusernamegt ltinput typepassword idpassword placeholderpasswordgt lta href idloginandbookgtlogin and bookltagt ltdivgt codepre  pFirst, it should be checked if the user is loggedin.p  ul liIf he is not loggedin Make the login box visible and when the user clicks login and book emhe gets logged in AND books the eventem. How can I combine both when the user clicks the buttonli liIf he is already loggedin Book the event.li ul
Negative 802 pI have a WPF app that I launch when the computer starts up with hidden window, so it works like a background task. It sometimes syncs with a certain website and when it finds out that there is some new date it shows a popup window. User should also can show a standard GUI in a way he would start a new app. I can detect by Mutex emin the new appem that its new and I dont want it and will shut it down, but Ive no idea to tell the older app that is should show GUI. Any idea how to do this I dont need to post some string or something like that I just need to do a certain method in the older app.p
Negative 802 pI have a table and I need that after click on some button the rows will be draggable. I have the following Jquery codep  precodedocument.readyfunction     edit.clickfunction     table a.csscursor, default   table tr.draggable  codepre  pThe broblem is that Im not seeing the row as draggable, but on the browswer dev tools I do see a change un the position  a hrefhttpscreencast.comtVZq1YKp2AKW relnofollowhttpscreencast.comtVZq1YKp2AKWap  pWish for help, thanksp
Negative 802 pHere is my custom bindingp  precodeko.bindingHandlers.alert       init function element, valueAccessor, allBindingsAccessor, viewModel, context          element.attr style displaynone           ko.applyBindingsToNodeelement,  with valueAccessor , context          return  controlsDescendantBindings true      ,     update function element, valueAccessor          var data  ko.unwrapvalueAccessor          if data              element.attr class alert   ko.unwrapdata.success              element.show                  else             element.hide       codepre  pHere is my alert obj that I pass into the bindingp  precodevar alertObj       success ,     image ,     message    var initialDataObj       success alertsuccess,     fail alertdanger   var Alert  function initialData      var self  this      self.success  initialData.success     self.successImage  initialData.successImage     self.fail  initialData.fail     self.failImage  initialData.failImage      self.setAlert  function success, message          var alert           .extendalert, alertObj          alert.success  success  self.success  self.fail         alert.image  success  self.successImage  self.failImage         alert.message  message          return alert       codepre  pThis is how I set my alertp  precodeself.alertalert.setAlerttrue, Role removed codepre  pHere is my htmlp  precodeltdiv classalert alertsuccess databindalert root.alertgt     ltimg databindattr  src root.image  alt width16 stylefloat leftgt     ltp stylefloat left marginleft 10px databindtext root.messagegtltpgt     ltdiv styleclear bothgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pIt currently choose the correct class for the alert, but it doesnt show the picture or the text, somewhere the bindings are getting lost.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a dynamic stored procedure with a loop that inserts data into a temp table in SQL Server 2008.p  pSo far i have this code but not sure if the logic is correct with the creating table and i am not sure where to put the insert part of the query.p  precodeCREATE PROCEDURE [dbo].[SPNominalRecord] ORGCODE VARCHAR6, CurrentPeriod INT, ENDPeriod INT,  Nominal INT  AS  BEGIN  SET NOCOUNT ON DECLARE SQL NVARCHARMAX   SET ENDPeriod  CurrentPeriod5  IF OBJECTIDtempdb..TempResultsIS NOT NULL DROP TABLE TempResults  WHILE CurrentPeriodltgt ENDPeriodloop through until endperiod is reached      BEGIN         CREATE TABLE TempResultsID bigint IDENTITY1,1 NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY, CostCode INT, CostDescr VARCHAR50, BankACType CHAR2, FinPeriodNr SMALLINT,                  BalJan DECIMAL12, 2, BalFeb DECIMAL12, 2, BalMar DECIMAL12, 2,                 BalApr DECIMAL12, 2, BalMay DECIMAL12, 2, BalJun DECIMAL12, 2,                 BalJul DECIMAL12, 2, BalAug DECIMAL12, 2, BalSep DECIMAL12, 2,                 BalOct DECIMAL12, 2, BalNov DECIMAL12, 2, BalDec DECIMAL12, 2, Balance DECIMAL12, 2       SET SQL  NSELECT CostCodes.CostCode, CostCodes.CostDescr, CostCodes.BankACType, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .FinPeriodNr,                  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJan, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalFeb, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalMar,                 CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalApr, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalMay, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJun,                 CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJul, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalAug, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalSep,                 CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalOct, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalNov, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalDec,                 SumCostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJan  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalFeb  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalMar                  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalApr  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalMay  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJun                  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJul  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalAug  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalSep                  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalOct  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalNov  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalDec AS Balance          FROM CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE   INNER JOIN CostCodes ON CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .CostCode  CostCodes.CostCode           WHERE Costcodes.Costcode  Nominal AND CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .FinPeriodNr CurrentPeriod          GROUP BY CostCodes.CostCode, CostCodes.CostDescr, CostCodes.BankACType, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .FinPeriodNr,                  CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJan, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalFeb, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalMar,                 CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalApr, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalMay, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJun,                 CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalJul, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalAug, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalSep,                 CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalOct, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalNov, CostCodeBalance  ORGCODE  .BalDec      SET CurrentPeriod  CurrentPeriod 1 subtrace current period by 1     END      EXEC spexecutesql sql, NORGCODE VARCHAR6,CurrentPeriod INT, ENDPeriod INT, NOMINAL INT, ORGCODE,CurrentPeriod, ENDPeriod, NOMINAL       SELECT  FROM TempResults to select the results of the code above  END codepre  pIm still quite new to SQL so let me know what you think. I am calling this as a passthrough query from Access 2013.p
Negative 802 pMy app keeps on force closing as I try to run an activity with a listview and a custom arrayadapter taking data from an arraylist.p  pHere is the custom array adapter code p  precodeimport java.util.ArrayList  import com.anshikka.solvexxx.R  import android.content.Context import android.view.LayoutInflater import android.view.View import android.view.View.OnClickListener import android.view.ViewGroup import android.widget.ArrayAdapter import android.widget.ImageButton import android.widget.TextView public class PostAdapter extends ArrayAdapterltPostgt  private static class ViewHolder      TextView userName     TextView postContent     TextView timeStamp     ImageButton upVote     ImageButton downVote     TextView voteAmount   public PostAdapterContext context, ArrayListltPostgt posts     supercontext, 0, posts   public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent     final Post post   getItemposition     ViewHolder viewHolder     ifconvertView  null         viewHolder  new ViewHolder         LayoutInflater inflater  LayoutInflater.fromgetContext         convertView  inflater.inflateR.layout.solutionlistlayout, parent, false         viewHolder.userName  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.userName         viewHolder.postContent  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.post         viewHolder.timeStamp  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.timestamp         viewHolder.upVote  ImageButton convertView.findViewByIdR.id.upVoteButton         viewHolder.downVote  ImageButton convertView.findViewByIdR.id.downVoteButton         viewHolder.voteAmount  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.voteAmount         convertView.setTagviewHolder      else          viewHolder  ViewHolder convertView.getTag           viewHolder.userName.setTextpost.getPostAuthor     viewHolder.postContent.setTextpost.getPostContent     viewHolder.timeStamp.setTextpost.getPostDate     viewHolder.upVote.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              post.voteUp                    viewHolder.downVote.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              post.voteDown                   viewHolder.voteAmount.setTextpost.getPostVotes      return convertView     codepre  pp  pHere is the activity class where i implement the post adapter into my listViewp  precodepublic class TopAreaFeed extends Activity     Override protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState       TODO Autogenerated method stub     super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.topareafeedactivity     getActionBar.setDisplayOptionsActionBar.DISPLAYSHOWCUSTOM      getActionBar.setCustomViewR.layout.abslayout     ActionBar topAreaFeedBar  getActionBar     topAreaFeedBar.setBackgroundDrawablenew ColorDrawableColor.RED     topAreaFeedBar.setDisplayShowTitleEnabledfalse     topAreaFeedBar.setDisplayShowTitleEnabledtrue     ArrayListltPostgt posts  Post.getPosts     PostAdapter postAdapter  new PostAdapterTopAreaFeed.this, posts     ListView postListView  ListView findViewByIdR.id.listView1     postListView.setAdapterpostAdapter     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu       MenuInflater inflater  getMenuInflater       inflater.inflateR.menu.mainvieweractions, menu         return super.onCreateOptionsMenumenu   public void openComposeAction     Intent composeIntent  new Intentthis, ComposePost.class     startActivitycomposeIntent  Override public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item       Handle presses on the action bar items     switch item.getItemId          case R.id.actionwritepost             openComposeAction             return true         default             return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem         codepre  pHere is my custom listItemp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltRelativeLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     androidlayoutwidthmatchparent     androidlayoutheightmatchparent     androidbackgroundcolorwhiteoverlay gt      ltTextView         androidididuserName         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignBottomidimageView1         androidlayouttoRightOfidimageView1         androidtextStylebold         androidtextstringuserNameGoesHere         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceSmall gt      ltImageView         androidididprofilePic         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidlayoutalignParentToptrue         androidsrcdrawableuser gt       ltTextView         androidididtimestamp         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignBottomidimageButton1         androidlayoutalignParentLefttrue         androidtextstringsampleTimeStamp         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceLarge         androidtextColorcolorblackoverlay         androidtextSize12sp gt      ltImageButton         androidididupVoteButton         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignTopidimageButton1         androidlayouttoLeftOfidimageButton1         androidfocusablefalse         androidfocusableInTouchModefalse         androidsrcandroiddrawablearrowupfloat gt      ltImageButton         androidididdownVoteButton         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignParentRighttrue         androidlayoutbelowidpost         androidlayoutmarginRight20dp         androidlayoutmarginTop14dp         androidfocusablefalse         androidfocusableInTouchModefalse         androidsrcandroiddrawablearrowdownfloat gt      ltTextView         androidididvoteAmount         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidlayoutalignLeftidimageButton2         androidlayoutbelowidimageButton2         androidlayoutmarginLeft21dp         androidtextstringsampleUpVoteCount         androidtextAppearanceandroidattrtextAppearanceSmall gt   ltRelativeLayoutgt codepre  pStackTracep  precode0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731 FATAL EXCEPTION main 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731 Process com.anshikka.solvexxx, PID 8731 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731 android.content.res.ResourcesNotFoundException String resource ID 0x0 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.content.res.Resources.getTextResources.java268 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.TextView.setTextTextView.java3923 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at com.anshikka.solvestream.PostAdapter.getViewPostAdapter.java65 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.AbsListView.obtainViewAbsListView.java2333 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.ListView.makeAndAddViewListView.java1854 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.ListView.fillDownListView.java698 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.ListView.fillFromTopListView.java759 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.ListView.layoutChildrenListView.java1673 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.AbsListView.onLayoutAbsListView.java2145 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.View.layoutView.java15273 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewGroup.layoutViewGroup.java4763 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.RelativeLayout.onLayoutRelativeLayout.java1069 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.View.layoutView.java15273 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewGroup.layoutViewGroup.java4763 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.FrameLayout.layoutChildrenFrameLayout.java457 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.FrameLayout.onLayoutFrameLayout.java392 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.View.layoutView.java15273 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewGroup.layoutViewGroup.java4763 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at com.android.internal.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout.onLayoutActionBarOverlayLayout.java494 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.View.layoutView.java15273 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewGroup.layoutViewGroup.java4763 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.FrameLayout.layoutChildrenFrameLayout.java457 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.widget.FrameLayout.onLayoutFrameLayout.java392 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.View.layoutView.java15273 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewGroup.layoutViewGroup.java4763 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performLayoutViewRootImpl.java2057 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewRootImpl.performTraversalsViewRootImpl.java1814 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewRootImpl.doTraversalViewRootImpl.java1044 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ViewRootImplTraversalRunnable.runViewRootImpl.java5749 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ChoreographerCallbackRecord.runChoreographer.java767 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.Choreographer.doCallbacksChoreographer.java580 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.Choreographer.doFrameChoreographer.java550 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.view.ChoreographerFrameDisplayEventReceiver.runChoreographer.java753 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java738 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java95 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java135 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5070 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNative Method 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java372 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java836 0708 113117.167 EAndroidRuntime8731     at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java631 codepre
Negative 802 pI developed an Android App that allows players to watch ads for tokens. I decided to integrate AdMob. Well, its integrated and after 11 hours of searching and reading all of the issues on stack and tutorials and examples and reading up on the api I have ran across the issue of no ads displaying. I have read that is can take up to 3 hours for ads but I figured after 9 hours I should be getting something. I have researched all of the errors in my logcat and most of the info that I have found says ignore these, this is a bug, google says ignore, admob is not passong you ads, and all of these issues seem to defeat the purpose of using this service or any of the available ad services. Below is all of my code for the implementation of admob  logcat.p  pActivityp  precodepublic class WatchForAds extends Activity       private InterstitialAd mInterstitial       LinearLayout linearLayoutAds       String ADUNITID  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX        private AdView mAdView      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.fragmentwatchforads       linearLayoutAdsLinearLayoutfindViewByIdR.id.layoutMain          final AdView adView  new AdViewWatchForAds.this         adView.setAdUnitIdADUNITID         adView.setAdSizeAdSize.BANNER         linearLayoutAds.addViewadView          final AdRequest.Builder adReq  new AdRequest.Builder         final AdRequest adRequest  adReq.build         adView.loadAdadRequest        codepre  pLayoutp  precodeltLinearLayout xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid      xmlnstoolshttpschemas.android.comtools     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidorientationvertical     androidlayoutheightfillparent gt      ltLinearLayout         androidididlayoutMain         androidlayoutwidthwrapcontent         androidlayoutheightwrapcontent         androidorientationvertical gt      ltLinearLayoutgt  ltLinearLayoutgt codepre  pManifestp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingutf8gt ltmanifest xmlnsandroidhttpschemas.android.comapkresandroid     packagecom.blubyrd.picturethispro     androidversionCode1     androidversionName1.0 gt      ltusessdk         androidminSdkVersion8         androidtargetSdkVersion19 gt      ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.INTERNET gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.WRITEEXTERNALSTORAGE gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.CAMERA gt     ltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.ACCESSNETWORKSTATE gt      ltapplication         androidallowBackuptrue         androidicondrawablepicturethislogo         androidlabelstringappname         androidlogodrawablepicturethislogo         androidthemestyleAppTheme gt         ltmetadata             androidnamecom.google.android.gms.version             androidvalueintegergoogleplayservicesversion gt          ltactivity             androidnamecom.blubyrd.picturethispro.MainActivity             androidlabelstringappname             androidthemeandroidstyleTheme.NoTitleBar gt             ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamesignin.SignIn             androidlabelstringtitleactivitysignin gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamecom.blubyrd.picturethispro.ChoosePlayType             androidlabelstringtitleactivitychooseplaytype gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamesearchFriends.SearchFriends             androidlabelstringtitleactivitysearchfriends gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamecom.blubyrd.picturethispro.PlayMain             androidlabelstringtitleactivityplaymain gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamestage.PlayStage             androidlabelstringtitleactivityplaystage gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnameplayers.Players             androidlabelstringtitleactivityplayers gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamecreateAccount.CreateAccount             androidlabelstringtitleactivitycreateaccount gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamemyAccount.MyAccount             androidlabelstringtitleactivitymyaccount gt         ltactivitygt         ltactivity             androidnamecom.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity             androidconfigChangeskeyboardkeyboardHiddenorientationscreenLayoutuiModescreenSizesmallestScreenSize gt         ltactivity             androidnameads.WatchForAds             androidlabelstringtitleactivitywatchforads gt         ltactivitygt     ltapplicationgt  ltmanifestgt codepre  pproguardproject.txtp  precodekeep class  extends java.util.ListResourceBundle       protected Object[][] getContents  keep public class com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable       public static final  NULL  keepnames com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName class  keepclassmembernames class        com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName   keepnames class  implements android.os.Parcelable       public static final  CREATOR  codepre  pGoogle Play Servicesp  precodegoogleplayserviceslib.jar has been added as library and appears in the Android Dependencies Package  googleplayservices.jar appears under Android Private Libraries codepre  pLogCatp  precode0709 233046.985 EGooglePlayServicesUtil5544 The Google Play services resources were not found. Check your project configuration to ensure that the resources are included. 0709 233047.005 IAds5544 Starting ad request. 0709 233047.010 IAds5544 Use AdRequest.Builder.addTestDeviceA4847B337634DBF8A552C5386C756C83 to get test ads on this device. 0709 233047.015 IAds5544 Please set theme of AdActivity to androidstyleTheme.Translucent to enable transparent background interstitial ad. 0709 233047.030 EGooglePlayServicesUtil5544 The Google Play services resources were not found. Check your project configuration to ensure that the resources are included. 0709 233047.120 EGooglePlayServicesUtil5544 The Google Play services resources were not found. Check your project configuration to ensure that the resources are included. 0709 233047.125 EGooglePlayServicesUtil5544 The Google Play services resources were not found. Check your project configuration to ensure that the resources are included. 0709 233047.615 ISystem.out5544 SIGNED OUT 0709 233047.785 IAds5544 No fill from ad server. 0709 233047.785 WAds5544 Failed to load ad 3 codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to make an array in Javascript for my Parse.com Cloud Code that would enable me to pair each string from a String array I am passing from my java application to a key called email. This way, I can set the Mandrills messagetosends to property to multiple emails.p  pThis first line of my function, codevar recipientJavaArray  request.params.toEmail.split,code  is my attempt to convert the passed in Java JSON string which was formatted from a Java string array into a Javascript array of strings.p  pThe for loop right afterwards is my attempt to then create a new twodimensional array in which they are essentially keyvalue pairs emailsamplegmail.comp  pWhat is it I am doing wrong in this conversion process, that it doesnt seem to be working The console log still reports it as a success as having sent the email to send to Mandrills serversp  blockquote   pI20140710T063440.618Z] v8 Ran cloud function sendEmail with     Input fromEmailkgmail.com,toEmail[kgmail.com,agmail.com],textSample test text,fromNameSample Test Name,toNameSample Recipient Name,subjecttest 5     Result Email sentp blockquote  pThis is my Java code for the passedin JSON string, and how I converted the string array to a JSON string. Maybe I did something wrong herep  precodeGson converter  new Gson String recipientsInJson  converter.toJsonrecipients  params.puttoEmail, recipientsInJson codepre  pThe full Javascript function is below, for contextp  precodeParse.Cloud.definesendEmail, functionrequest, response  var recipientJavaArray  request.params.toEmail.split, var recipientArray  new Array for var i  0 i lt recipientJavaArray.length i      var oneRecipient  new Array     oneRecipient[email]  recipientJavaArray[i]     recipientArray.pushoneRecipient   var Mandrill  requiremandrill Mandrill.initialize1C7OQ Mandrill.sendEmail     message          text request.params.text,         subject request.params.subject,         fromemail request.params.fromEmail,         fromname request.params.fromName,          THIS is what I am trying to get to work. It is an array struct.         to recipientArray     ,     async true ,     success functionhttpResponse          console.loghttpResponse         response.successEmail sent     ,     error functionhttpResponse          console.errorhttpResponse         response.errorUh oh, something went wrong        codepre  pDocumentation on what exactly the to parameter in Mandrill is and what it is made up of, can be found here a hrefhttpsmandrillapp.comapidocsmessages.html relnofollowhttpsmandrillapp.comapidocsmessages.htmlap  pMaybe there is a better way to do this than the way I currently am trying to do Like fitting the email strings with their email key in an array or HashMap in Java and bringing it over to Javascript and converting that back to a standard Javascript array Is that even possible If so, how would I do that Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI have simple main class.  There i try pass codeusercode to codeWindowLogincode  p  precodepackage client   public class Client      public User user      public static void mainString[] args           try              Client client  new Client             client.runargs          catch Exception e              System.out.println[ERR] Fatal error                     public void runString[] args               user  new User          WindowLogin windowLogin  new WindowLogin         windowLogin.user  user         windowLogin.show         codepre  pWindow main class. There i try call codetestcode function of codeusercode in real, i need it pass to codeWindowMainControllercodep  precodepackage client  import javafx.application.Application import javafx.fxml.FXMLLoader import javafx.scene.Scene import javafx.stage.Stage import javafx.scene.Parent  import java.io.IOException  public class WindowLogin extends Application      private Stage stage     public User user      Override     public void startStage primaryStage throws Exception          stage  new Stage         try              FXMLLoader fxmlLoader  new FXMLLoadergetClass.getResourceviewsWindowLogin.fxml              WindowLoginController controller                      fxmlLoader.ltWindowLoginControllergtgetController              user.test              Parent root  fxmlLoader.load             Scene scene  new Sceneroot             stage.setScenescene             stage.show          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                    public void show         launch          public void hide  stage.hide    codepre  pWhen i try to run it allp  pcodeException in Application start methodcodep  pOf course maybe   it because of codeusercode in windowLogin is codenullcode.p  pWhat i doing wrong How pass codeusercode to codewindowLogincode i wont use Singletonep  hr  pUpdatep  pI need use codeusercode in start method, as i said before  i need pass codeusercode to codeWindowMainControllercodep
Negative 802 pI have a UA account which is connected to the following domain  a hrefhttpwww.mytestdomain.com relnofollowhttpwww.mytestdomain.coma with the following account id UA1234561p  pWhen i am using the Gem to track the domain it works wellp  precodeGabbaGabba.newUA1234561, httpwww.mytestdomain.com, useragent.pageviewindex, index.html codepre  pBut other domains cant be trackp  precodeGabbaGabba.newUA1234561, httpwww.notmydomain.com, useragent.pageviewindex, index.html codepre  pWhat should i do to track others domains as well p  prelated  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions13420285eventssenttogoogleanalyticswithgabbadonthaveahostnamerq1Events sent to Google Analytics with Gabba don39t have a hostnameap
Negative 802 pWhen working with creating games in Libgdx, I have not been using the physics engine as I dont have too many moving parts in the game. So, to have objects fall from the top of the screen to the bottom, I used what the documentation had, something like thisp  precodeprojectile.y  200  Gdx.graphics.getDeltaTime codepre  pThat example will make said projectile go down at 200 pixels per second I believe. What I am trying to do is make it so after two seconds, the projectile will transition from negative 200 per second, to positive 200 per second. Ive tried using loops and Thread.sleep, but that will just freeze the entire game and unfreeze with the projectiles going the other way. Any ideasp
Negative 802 pIm currently developing a Windows Store App for Windows 8.1  Windows RT.p  pSome or all standard icons are not displayed correctly. For example the eye icon in a password field or the arrow in a combo box.p  pHere are two screenshots sorry I dont have enough reputation to post imagesp  ppassword field a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comelTfb.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comelTfb.pngabr combo box a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comx1l1z.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comx1l1z.pngap  pI used Calibri as font. With Segoe UI as font its not much different, its just a rectangle without the question mark iirc.p  pI just started developing the app and added the password field and combo box rather late, so I dont know if it ever worked correctly or if a change in the project caused this like moving views xaml  codebehind into a view folder and changing the namespace accordingly.p  pWhat could be the cause of this What should I check  try firstp
Negative 802 pPHPMYSQLp  pThis may be quite simple, but Ive searched and searched but cant find anything to fit.p  pIf I have a table which contains certain fruits all in the same field say for example orange, apple, grape, and banana. But they all appear multiple times in no particular order.p  pAfter I run my query, is it possible to output the number of times each appears in DESC orderp  pExample outputp  precodeOrange 14 Apple 12 Grape 8 Banana 4 codepre  pSorry I have not provided any code, but Im self taught to a very basic level and I dont even know where to begin after running the initial query.p
Negative 802 pIm using this example a hrefhttpsevenx.dedemobootstrapcarouselinc.carouselproductslider.html relnofollowhttpsevenx.dedemobootstrapcarouselinc.carouselproductslider.htmla When I make my BrowserWindow smaller, the boxes first start to be smaller, but when Im reaching a min width of about 990px, the single Products are arranged among themselves in the 4block from my start width. Is it possible to show only ONE product on the maxwidth 990px Because its not looking good like its now. Sorry, Im totally new and I dont understand how to set the carousel for my idea. THANKS A LOT FOR YOUR HELPp  pUPDATE Here is my fiddle p  precodehttpjsfiddle.netbGwXd codepre  pWhen you make the RESULTBLOCK bigger in my fiddle, you see the start view, 4 products in one horizontal line. When you make it smaller, there are 4 products in a vertical line. And now I want only one product in my vertical line for left an right navigation.p
Negative 802 pIm using Hibernate to create mysql tables automatically within a maven JBoss project. When I deploy I get this info msgp  precode134824,415 INFO  [org.hibernate.cfg.Environment] MSC service thread 17 HHH000206 hibernate.properties not found codepre  pand this errorp  precode135044,880 ERROR [stderr] httplocalhost127.0.0.180802 com.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.jdbc4.MySQLSyntaxErrorException Table mydb.mytable doesnt exist codepre  pIve included these properties in my persistence.xmlp  precode ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt ltpersistence version2.0 xmlnshttpjava.sun.comxmlnspersistence   xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocation     httpjava.sun.comxmlnspersistence     httpjava.sun.comxmlnspersistencepersistence20.xsdgt  ltpersistenceunit nameprimarygt   lt If you are running in a production environment, add a managed       data source, the example data source is just for development and testing gt         ltjtadatasourcegtjavajbossdatasourcesmydbltjtadatasourcegt   ltpropertiesgt      lt Properties for Hibernate gt  ltproperty namehibernate.hbm2ddl.auto valuecreate gt     ltproperty namehibernate.showsql valuetrue gt   ltpropertiesgt ltpersistenceunitgt ltpersistencegt codepre  pand the appropriate dependencies in pom.xmlp  phibernatevalidator, hibernatejpamodelgen, hibernatevalidatorannotationprocessor, hibernateentitymanager and mysqlconnectorjavap  pbut the tables are never created. What can I dop
Negative 802 pIn this AngularJS codep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt   ltscript srchttpcode.angularjs.org1.2.9angular.min.js typetextjavascriptgtltscriptgt   ltscriptgt     var app1  angular.moduleapp1, []      app1.controllerCtrl1, function scope            scope.name  Jack           var app2  angular.moduleapp2, []      app2.controllerCtrl2, function scope            scope.name  Steve         ltscriptgt   lttitlegtTest Controllerslttitlegt ltheadgt ltbodygt   ltdiv ngappapp1gt     ltdiv ngcontrollerCtrl1gt       ltspangtnameltspangt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt   ltdiv ngappapp2gt     ltdiv ngcontrollerCtrl2gt       ltspangtnameltspangt     ltdivgt   ltdivgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pI have two ngapp and two controllers. But only the first one seems to work. The name Jack is shown but Steve does not. Whyp
Negative 802 pI want to update a textview into a listView when i get my current position GPS.p  pSo i send a broadcast in my activity when i had my position. In my listViewAdapter, i have a receiver who set text. But i dont know where i can registrer and unregistrer my broadcast. p  pMay be there is an other solution to send parameter to my listViewAdapter when my current position is available.p  pMainActivity  p  precodeprivate ArrayListltEstablishmentgt listEstablishment private ListViewEstablishmentsAdapter adapter   Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.homelayout          pr  new PositionReceiver          Get the list view         ListView l  ListView findViewByIdR.id.listviewEstablishments          Create WebService to retrieve establishments datas         EstablishmentInfosWebService ews  new EstablishmentInfosWebServiceselect  from establishment         listEstablishment  ews.getData           Create a new adapter View          adapter  new ListViewEstablishmentsAdapterthis, listEstablishment         l.setAdapteradapter             public class PositionReceiver extends BroadcastReceiver               Override             public void onReceiveContext context, Intent intent                  Location l  Location intent.getExtras.getLOCATION                 int i  0                 forEstablishment e  listEstablishment              double d  distancee.getLatitude, e.getLongitude, l.getLatitude, l.getLongitude, K                 e.setDistanced             Log.dTAG,onreceive i             i                                    Override         public void onResume              super.onResume             registerReceiverpr, new IntentFiltercom.example.smartoo.POSITIONINTENT                              Called when the Activity is going into the background.           Parts of the UI may be visible, but the Activity is inactive.                   Override         public void onPause               unregisterReceiverpr             super.onPause          codepre  pListViewAdapter  p  precodepublic class ListViewEstablishmentsAdapter extends BaseAdapter       private static final String TAG  com.example.smartoo.ListViewEstablishmentAdapter      Un mcanisme pour grer laffichage graphique depuis un layout XML     private LayoutInflater mInflater     Le contexte dans lequel est prsent notre adapter     private final Context context      Une liste dtablissements     private ArrayListltEstablishmentgt establishmentsList  null        private ViewHolder holder      TODO add my currentLocation to constructor                  param context       param values             Constructor           public ListViewEstablishmentsAdapterContext context, ArrayListltEstablishmentgt values          super         this.context  context         establishmentsList  values         mInflater  LayoutInflater.fromcontext                  return number of establishments           Override     public int getCount          return establishmentsList.size                  param position       return Establishment to position position           Override     public Object getItemint position          return establishmentsList.getposition                  param position       return The position of item           Override     public long getItemIdint position          return position           Override     public View getViewint position, View convertView, ViewGroup parent          ViewHolder holder  null          Si la vue nest pas recycle         if convertView  null               On rcupre le layout             convertView  mInflater.inflateR.layout.item, null              holder  new ViewHolder              On place les widgets de notre layout dans le holder             holder.Name  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.name             holder.Description  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.description             holder.Distance  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.distance               puis on insre le holder en tant que tag dans le layout             convertView.setTagholder                   else               Si on recycle la vue, on rcupre son holder en tag             holder  ViewHolder convertView.getTag                    Dans tous les cas, on rcupre le contact tlphonique concern         Establishment e  Establishment getItemposition          Si cet lment existe vraiment         if e  null               On place dans le holder les informations sur le contact             holder.Name.setTexte.getName             holder.Description.setTexte.getDescription             TODO calculate distance with my position and longitude and latitdue             holder.Distance.setTexte.getDistance                  return convertView            static class ViewHolder          public TextView Name         public TextView Description         public TextView Distance           public void updateEstablishmentListArrayListltEstablishmentgt newlist          establishmentsList.clear         establishmentsList.addAllnewlist         this.notifyDataSetChanged       codepre  pEstablishment p  precodepublic class Establishment       An identifer     private int idEstablishment      A Name     private String name      An address     private String address      An url picture     private String urlImage      A description     private String description      A phone number     private String phoneNumber      A type of establishmentfragment     private int type      A location     private double latitude     private double longitude  A distance     private String distance  0m       public Establishment           super         idEstablishment  0         name           address           urlImage           description           phoneNumber           type  0         latitude  0         longitude  0                        param id       param n       param url       param d       param p       param t       param lat       param lon             Constructor           public Establishment int id, String n, String a, String url, String d, String p, int t, double lat, double lon          idEstablishment  id         name  n         address  a         urlImage  url         description  d         phoneNumber  p         type  t         latitude  lat         longitude  lon           public int getIdEstablishment          return idEstablishment           public void setIdEstablishmentint idEstablishment          this.idEstablishment  idEstablishment           public String getName          return name           public void setNameString name          this.name  name           public String getAddress          return address           public void setAddressString address          this.address  address           public String getUrlImage          return urlImage           public void setUrlImageString urlImage          this.urlImage  urlImage           public String getDescription          return description           public void setDescriptionString description          this.description  description           public String getPhoneNumber          return phoneNumber           public void setPhoneNumberString phoneNumber          this.phoneNumber  phoneNumber           public int getType          return type           public void setTypeint type          this.type  type           public double getLatitude          return latitude           public void setLatitudedouble latitude          this.latitude  latitude           public double getLongitude          return longitude           public void setLongitudedouble longitude          this.longitude  longitude          public String getDistance          return distance           public void setDistanceString distance          this.distance  distance       codepre  pManifest p  precodeltactivity             androidname.HomeActivity             androidlabelHome             androidthemestyleTheme.AppCompat.Light gt             ltaction androidnameandroid.location.PROVIDERSCHANGED gt              ltreceiver androidname.PositionReceivergt                 ltintentfiltergt                     ltaction androidnamecom.example.smartoo.POSITIONINTENTgt                     ltactiongt                 ltintentfiltergt             ltreceivergt              ltintentfiltergt                 ltaction androidnameandroid.intent.action.MAIN gt                  ltcategory androidnameandroid.intent.category.LAUNCHER gt             ltintentfiltergt         ltactivitygt codepre  p ANSWER   p  precodepublic void updateEstablishmentListArrayListltEstablishmentgt newlist              establishmentsList  newlist             this.notifyDataSetChanged          codepre
Negative 802 pCan I change default a hrefhttpsdocs.python.org3libraryfunctions.htmlopen relnofollowcodeopencodea supa hrefhttpsdocs.python.org2.7libraryio.htmlio.open relnofollowcodeio.opencode in 2.7asup text encoding in a crossplatform wayp  pSo that I didnt need to specify each time codeopen...,encodingutf8code.p  blockquote   pIn text mode, if emencodingem is not specified the encoding used is platform dependent codelocale.getpreferredencodingFalsecode is called to get the current locale encoding.p blockquote  pThough documentation doesnt specify how to emsetem preferred encoding. The function is in codelocalecode module, so I need to change locale Is there any reliable crossplatform way to set UTF8 locale Will it affect anything else other than the default text file encodingp  pOr locale changes are dangerous can break something, and I should stick to custom wrapper such asp  precodedef uopenargs, kwargs     return openargs, encodingUTF8, kwargs codepre
Negative 802 pi am working on iBeacons development and i had some problemas with wifi adapter. When the iBeacon scan is running the wifi internet dont work, so i cant request info from internet when an iBeacon was detected. I did tried it on Moto G, Moto X and Sony Xperia SP.p  pAnother problem is when the scan is running on Android background, i need run this scan all the time to detect new iBeacons That make the application pretty unstable, maybe because it uses a lot of phone process and memory. Somebody have any information or case about iBeacons Scan on Android background modep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI followed the following tutorial to allow a user to login with Google and Facebook. How ever I have implemented It in a WEB API project as I am using a Node JS front end and Access by Mobile Applications. a hrefhttpwww.asp.netmvctutorialsmvc5createanaspnetmvc5appwithfacebookandgoogleoauth2andopenidsignon relnofollowhttpwww.asp.netmvctutorialsmvc5createanaspnetmvc5appwithfacebookandgoogleoauth2andopenidsignonap  pSo what I would like to ask is how do I use the OAuthp  pThere is the default Account Controller with all the needed methods in.p  p1 How do I login to the WEB API From A Web Site Java Script B Android Applicationp  pFrom My understanding of it My Android application will have to call one of the Account Action Methods with the appropriate data.p  ol liWhich Action Methodli liWhat Data do I need to send itli ol  pHere is the Account Controller Sorry Its quite longp  precode[Authorize] [RoutePrefixapiAccount] public class AccountController  ApiController      private const string LocalLoginProvider  Local      public AccountController          thisStartup.UserManagerFactory, Startup.OAuthOptions.AccessTokenFormat                public AccountControllerUserManagerltIdentityUsergt userManager,         ISecureDataFormatltAuthenticationTicketgt accessTokenFormat              UserManager  userManager         AccessTokenFormat  accessTokenFormat           public UserManagerltIdentityUsergt UserManager  get private set      public ISecureDataFormatltAuthenticationTicketgt AccessTokenFormat  get private set        GET apiAccountUserInfo     [HostAuthenticationDefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalBearer]     [RouteUserInfo]     public UserInfoViewModel GetUserInfo              ExternalLoginData externalLogin  ExternalLoginData.FromIdentityUser.Identity as ClaimsIdentity          return new UserInfoViewModel                      UserName  User.Identity.GetUserName,             HasRegistered  externalLogin  null,             LoginProvider  externalLogin  null  externalLogin.LoginProvider  null                     POST apiAccountLogout     [RouteLogout]     public IHttpActionResult Logout              Authentication.SignOutCookieAuthenticationDefaults.AuthenticationType         return Ok            GET apiAccountManageInforeturnUrl2FampgenerateStatetrue     [RouteManageInfo]     public async TaskltManageInfoViewModelgt GetManageInfostring returnUrl, bool generateState  false              IdentityUser user  await UserManager.FindByIdAsyncUser.Identity.GetUserId          if user  null                      return null                   ListltUserLoginInfoViewModelgt logins  new ListltUserLoginInfoViewModelgt          foreach IdentityUserLogin linkedAccount in user.Logins                      logins.Addnew UserLoginInfoViewModel                              LoginProvider  linkedAccount.LoginProvider,                 ProviderKey  linkedAccount.ProviderKey                                if user.PasswordHash  null                      logins.Addnew UserLoginInfoViewModel                              LoginProvider  LocalLoginProvider,                 ProviderKey  user.UserName,                                return new ManageInfoViewModel                      LocalLoginProvider  LocalLoginProvider,             UserName  user.UserName,             Logins  logins,             ExternalLoginProviders  GetExternalLoginsreturnUrl, generateState                     POST apiAccountChangePassword     [RouteChangePassword]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt ChangePasswordChangePasswordBindingModel model              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   IdentityResult result  await UserManager.ChangePasswordAsyncUser.Identity.GetUserId, model.OldPassword,             model.NewPassword         IHttpActionResult errorResult  GetErrorResultresult          if errorResult  null                      return errorResult                   return Ok            POST apiAccountSetPassword     [RouteSetPassword]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt SetPasswordSetPasswordBindingModel model              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   IdentityResult result  await UserManager.AddPasswordAsyncUser.Identity.GetUserId, model.NewPassword         IHttpActionResult errorResult  GetErrorResultresult          if errorResult  null                      return errorResult                   return Ok            POST apiAccountAddExternalLogin     [RouteAddExternalLogin]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt AddExternalLoginAddExternalLoginBindingModel model              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   Authentication.SignOutDefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalCookie          AuthenticationTicket ticket  AccessTokenFormat.Unprotectmodel.ExternalAccessToken          if ticket  null  ticket.Identity  null  ticket.Properties  null             ampamp ticket.Properties.ExpiresUtc.HasValue             ampamp ticket.Properties.ExpiresUtc.Value lt DateTimeOffset.UtcNow                      return BadRequestExternal login failure.                   ExternalLoginData externalData  ExternalLoginData.FromIdentityticket.Identity          if externalData  null                      return BadRequestThe external login is already associated with an account.                   IdentityResult result  await UserManager.AddLoginAsyncUser.Identity.GetUserId,             new UserLoginInfoexternalData.LoginProvider, externalData.ProviderKey          IHttpActionResult errorResult  GetErrorResultresult          if errorResult  null                      return errorResult                   return Ok            POST apiAccountRemoveLogin     [RouteRemoveLogin]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt RemoveLoginRemoveLoginBindingModel model              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   IdentityResult result          if model.LoginProvider  LocalLoginProvider                      result  await UserManager.RemovePasswordAsyncUser.Identity.GetUserId                  else                      result  await UserManager.RemoveLoginAsyncUser.Identity.GetUserId,                 new UserLoginInfomodel.LoginProvider, model.ProviderKey                   IHttpActionResult errorResult  GetErrorResultresult          if errorResult  null                      return errorResult                   return Ok            GET apiAccountExternalLogin     [OverrideAuthentication]     [HostAuthenticationDefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalCookie]     [AllowAnonymous]     [RouteExternalLogin, Name  ExternalLogin]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt GetExternalLoginstring provider, string error  null              if error  null                      return RedirectUrl.Content  error  Uri.EscapeDataStringerror                   if User.Identity.IsAuthenticated                      return new ChallengeResultprovider, this                   ExternalLoginData externalLogin  ExternalLoginData.FromIdentityUser.Identity as ClaimsIdentity          if externalLogin  null                      return InternalServerError                   if externalLogin.LoginProvider  provider                      Authentication.SignOutDefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalCookie             return new ChallengeResultprovider, this                   IdentityUser user  await UserManager.FindAsyncnew UserLoginInfoexternalLogin.LoginProvider,             externalLogin.ProviderKey          bool hasRegistered  user  null          if hasRegistered                      Authentication.SignOutDefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalCookie             ClaimsIdentity oAuthIdentity  await UserManager.CreateIdentityAsyncuser,                 OAuthDefaults.AuthenticationType             ClaimsIdentity cookieIdentity  await UserManager.CreateIdentityAsyncuser,                 CookieAuthenticationDefaults.AuthenticationType             AuthenticationProperties properties  ApplicationOAuthProvider.CreatePropertiesuser.UserName             Authentication.SignInproperties, oAuthIdentity, cookieIdentity                  else                      IEnumerableltClaimgt claims  externalLogin.GetClaims             ClaimsIdentity identity  new ClaimsIdentityclaims, OAuthDefaults.AuthenticationType             Authentication.SignInidentity                   return Ok            GET apiAccountExternalLoginsreturnUrl2FampgenerateStatetrue     [AllowAnonymous]     [RouteExternalLogins]     public IEnumerableltExternalLoginViewModelgt GetExternalLoginsstring returnUrl, bool generateState  false              IEnumerableltAuthenticationDescriptiongt descriptions  Authentication.GetExternalAuthenticationTypes         ListltExternalLoginViewModelgt logins  new ListltExternalLoginViewModelgt          string state          if generateState                      const int strengthInBits  256             state  RandomOAuthStateGenerator.GeneratestrengthInBits                  else                      state  null                   foreach AuthenticationDescription description in descriptions                      ExternalLoginViewModel login  new ExternalLoginViewModel                              Name  description.Caption,                 Url  Url.RouteExternalLogin, new                                      provider  description.AuthenticationType,                     responsetype  token,                     clientid  Startup.PublicClientId,                     redirecturi  new UriRequest.RequestUri, returnUrl.AbsoluteUri,                     state  state                 ,                 State  state                          logins.Addlogin                   return logins            POST apiAccountRegister     [AllowAnonymous]     [RouteRegister]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt RegisterRegisterBindingModel model              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   IdentityUser user  new IdentityUser                      UserName  model.UserName                   IdentityResult result  await UserManager.CreateAsyncuser, model.Password         IHttpActionResult errorResult  GetErrorResultresult          if errorResult  null                      return errorResult                   return Ok            POST apiAccountRegisterExternal     [OverrideAuthentication]     [HostAuthenticationDefaultAuthenticationTypes.ExternalBearer]     [RouteRegisterExternal]     public async TaskltIHttpActionResultgt RegisterExternalRegisterExternalBindingModel model              if ModelState.IsValid                      return BadRequestModelState                   ExternalLoginData externalLogin  ExternalLoginData.FromIdentityUser.Identity as ClaimsIdentity          if externalLogin  null                      return InternalServerError                   IdentityUser user  new IdentityUser                      UserName  model.UserName                  user.Logins.Addnew IdentityUserLogin                      LoginProvider  externalLogin.LoginProvider,             ProviderKey  externalLogin.ProviderKey                  IdentityResult result  await UserManager.CreateAsyncuser         IHttpActionResult errorResult  GetErrorResultresult          if errorResult  null                      return errorResult                   return Ok           protected override void Disposebool disposing              if disposing                      UserManager.Dispose                   base.Disposedisposing           region Helpers      private IAuthenticationManager Authentication              get  return Request.GetOwinContext.Authentication            private IHttpActionResult GetErrorResultIdentityResult result              if result  null                      return InternalServerError                   if result.Succeeded                      if result.Errors  null                              foreach string error in result.Errors                                      ModelState.AddModelError, error                                            if ModelState.IsValid                               No ModelState errors are available to send, so just return an empty BadRequest.                 return BadRequest                           return BadRequestModelState                   return null           private class ExternalLoginData              public string LoginProvider  get set          public string ProviderKey  get set          public string UserName  get set           public IListltClaimgt GetClaims                      IListltClaimgt claims  new ListltClaimgt             claims.Addnew ClaimClaimTypes.NameIdentifier, ProviderKey, null, LoginProvider              if UserName  null                              claims.Addnew ClaimClaimTypes.Name, UserName, null, LoginProvider                           return claims                   public static ExternalLoginData FromIdentityClaimsIdentity identity                      if identity  null                              return null                           Claim providerKeyClaim  identity.FindFirstClaimTypes.NameIdentifier              if providerKeyClaim  null  String.IsNullOrEmptyproviderKeyClaim.Issuer                  String.IsNullOrEmptyproviderKeyClaim.Value                              return null                           if providerKeyClaim.Issuer  ClaimsIdentity.DefaultIssuer                              return null                           return new ExternalLoginData                              LoginProvider  providerKeyClaim.Issuer,                 ProviderKey  providerKeyClaim.Value,                 UserName  identity.FindFirstValueClaimTypes.Name                                 private static class RandomOAuthStateGenerator              private static RandomNumberGenerator random  new RNGCryptoServiceProvider          public static string Generateint strengthInBits                      const int bitsPerByte  8              if strengthInBits  bitsPerByte  0                              throw new ArgumentExceptionstrengthInBits must be evenly divisible by 8., strengthInBits                           int strengthInBytes  strengthInBits  bitsPerByte              byte[] data  new byte[strengthInBytes]             random.GetBytesdata             return HttpServerUtility.UrlTokenEncodedata                    endregion  codepre  pp
Negative 802 pI Have developed an addin for Power Point where i have placed all my needed controls in ribbon p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comYQen7.png altenter image description herep  pit works cool and everything was fine . But even after when i uninstall my addin the ribbon was visible in the power point till i restart my computer or need to go here and close  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.com1eTnV.png altenter image description herep  pafter that when i reopen the power point again the ribbon control disappears. Why its so  why its not getting disappear at once when in uninstalled the  addin .. But i have developed addin for Word and excel too its working properly.Only i face this issue in PowerPoint.p  precode private void InitializeComponent              this.tab1  this.Factory.CreateRibbonTab         this.group1  this.Factory.CreateRibbonGroup         this.box1  this.Factory.CreateRibbonBox         this.ModelNameTextBox  this.Factory.CreateRibbonEditBox         this.btnCHooseModelPath  this.Factory.CreateRibbonButton         this.btnProjectBrowser  this.Factory.CreateRibbonButton         this.btnRefresh  this.Factory.CreateRibbonButton         this.tab1.SuspendLayout         this.group1.SuspendLayout         this.box1.SuspendLayout                    tab1                   this.tab1.ControlId.ControlIdType  Microsoft.Office.Tools.Ribbon.RibbonControlIdType.Office         this.tab1.Groups.Addthis.group1         this.tab1.Label  EA Plug In         this.tab1.Name  tab1                    group1                   this.group1.Items.Addthis.box1         this.group1.Items.Addthis.btnProjectBrowser         this.group1.Items.Addthis.btnRefresh         this.group1.Label  Settings         this.group1.Name  group1                    box1                   this.box1.Items.Addthis.ModelNameTextBox         this.box1.Items.Addthis.btnCHooseModelPath         this.box1.Name  box1                    ModelNameTextBox                   this.ModelNameTextBox.Label  Select Model               this.ModelNameTextBox.Name  ModelNameTextBox         this.ModelNameTextBox.SizeString  qqqqqqqqqqxxxxxxxxxxqqqqqqqqqq         this.ModelNameTextBox.Text  null                    btnCHooseModelPath                   this.btnCHooseModelPath.Image  globalEAWIPpt.Properties.Resources.Browse         this.btnCHooseModelPath.Label  button1         this.btnCHooseModelPath.Name  btnCHooseModelPath         this.btnCHooseModelPath.ScreenTip  Open EAP model         this.btnCHooseModelPath.ShowImage  true         this.btnCHooseModelPath.ShowLabel  false         this.btnCHooseModelPath.SuperTip  Used to open EAP model         this.btnCHooseModelPath.Click  new Microsoft.Office.Tools.Ribbon.RibbonControlEventHandlerthis.btnCHooseModelPathClick                    btnProjectBrowser                   this.btnProjectBrowser.Label  ProjectBrowser         this.btnProjectBrowser.Name  btnProjectBrowser         this.btnProjectBrowser.Click  new Microsoft.Office.Tools.Ribbon.RibbonControlEventHandlerthis.btnProjectBrowserClick                    btnRefresh                   this.btnRefresh.Label  Refresh         this.btnRefresh.Name  btnRefresh         this.btnRefresh.Click  new Microsoft.Office.Tools.Ribbon.RibbonControlEventHandlerthis.btnRefreshClick                    PptRibbon                   this.Name  PptRibbon         this.RibbonType  Microsoft.PowerPoint.Presentation         this.Tabs.Addthis.tab1         this.Load  new Microsoft.Office.Tools.Ribbon.RibbonUIEventHandlerthis.PptRibbonLoad         this.tab1.ResumeLayoutfalse         this.tab1.PerformLayout         this.group1.ResumeLayoutfalse         this.group1.PerformLayout         this.box1.ResumeLayoutfalse         this.box1.PerformLayout       codepre  pthe above is the code in my InitializeComponent of ribbon designerp
Negative 802 pI am trying to create a form using thymeleaf that contains a series of checkboxes.  The object source that I am passing through to the thymeleaf template contains a String and a List.p  precodepackage com.controller  import java.util.List  public class Source  private String sourceName private ListltStringgt testList  public String getSourceName      return sourceName   public void setSourceNameString name      this.sourceName  name   public ListltStringgt getTestList      return testList   public void setTestListListltStringgt list      this.testList  list    codepre  pI pass an object of type source into the template using this MVC controller.p  precodepackage com.controller   import java.io.IOException import java.util.List import java.util.Locale  import org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation.Autowired import org.springframework.ui.Model import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.ModelAttribute import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestMapping import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RequestMethod import org.springframework.web.bind.annotation.RestController import org.springframework.web.servlet.View import org.thymeleaf.spring4.view.ThymeleafViewResolver  import com.webapplication.AllEnvironmentsFromFile import com.webapplication.AllTestsAndPaths import com.webapplication.RunDao import com.webapplication.TestAndPath   RestController public class ManualTestController  Autowired private ThymeleafViewResolver resolver  Autowired RunDao rDao  Autowired AllEnvironmentsFromFile environments   RequestMappingvaluemanualTest, methodRequestMethod.GET public View greetingFormModel model throws Exception       AllTestsAndPaths a  new AllTestsAndPaths     ListltTestAndPathgt testList  a.testsAndPaths          String[] environmentList  new String[environments.getEnvironments.size]     forint i  0 i lt environments.getEnvironments.size i              environmentList[i]  environments.getEnvironments.geti.getName           model.addAttributetestList, testList     model.addAttributesource, new Source     model.addAttributeenvironmentList, environmentList     return resolver.resolveViewNamemanualTest, Locale.US      RequestMappingvaluemanualTest, methodRequestMethod.POST public String greetingSubmitModelAttribute Source source, Model model      System.out.printlnsource.getSourceName     forString hello  source.getTestList              System.out.printlnhello          model.addAttributesource, source     return result    codepre  pThe manualTest template looks like thisp  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt lttitlegtInsert title herelttitlegt ltmeta httpequivContentType contenttexthtml charsetUTF8 gt ltheadgt ltbodygt  ltform action thactionmanualTest thobjectsource methodpostgt     ltpgtSource ltinput typetext thfieldsourceName gtltpgt  lttable border1gt lttrgt     lttdgtTest Namelttdgt     lttd theachenvironment  environmentList     thtextenvironmentgtTestslttdgt lttrgt ltthblock theachtest  testListgt lttrgt     lttd thtexttest.namegtA Testlttdgt     ltthblock theachenviro  environmentListgt         lttdgtltinput typecheckbox pathtestList valuehello gtlttdgt     ltthblockgt  lttrgt ltthblockgt  lttablegt ltpgtltinput typesubmit valueSubmit gt ltinput typereset valueReset gtltpgt ltformgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pMy problem is that the values of the checkbox are not being stored in the array.  When i run this code and click submit i get a null pointer exception because the list in the source object is empty.  The sourceName works perfectly but the checkboxes are not actually adding anything.  p
Negative 802 pI have a label which takes a different value every 5 seconds string values blue, pink, green, orangep  pI want to warn the user that the label will change 1 second before. For example, the background color of label should be red 1 second before the label take another value.p  pCode which call the color change function every 5 secp  precodelet timerFunc NSTimer  NSTimer.scheduledTimerWithTimeInterval5.0, target self, selector SelectorcolorChange, userInfo nil, repeats true codepre  pcode which change the label value randomlyp  precode func colorChange      let minRandomValue UInt  0     let maxRandomValue UInt  4     var numberRandom UInt  UInt      numberRandom  UIntarc4random  maxRandomValue  minRandomValue      switch numberRandom      case 0 couleur.text  Blue      case 1 couleur.text  Green      case 2 couleur.text  Orange      case 3 couleur.text  Pink      default printlnvalue problem       codepre  pLater I will make the 5 sec Timer delay Random. Thank you. Xcode 6.4, SDK 8.0p
Negative 802 pWill be obliged if someone can help me with this.We were working on some android application,while designing its prototype we came across some issues.A little description of the applications prototype is as followsp  ul liA Log in screenli lia Home screen with logout at its top rightli liEvery other activity is  having a home button on top right corner. Now going from one activity to the other in my application, I just called finished on the current activity and started the otherstrongemso there is no stack of the activities is being createdemstrong and when home  button present on each activitys top corner is pressed i finish the current activity and move to the home screen.li ul  blockquote   pstrongMore precisely,i can say that i am overriding every activtys codeonBackPressedcode methodstrongp blockquote  p.By doing this i am not letting android to keep a stack of the activitys but by doing this I have a feeling that, I am loosing efficiency and degrading performance.Because on every backpress or home button click one activity is finished and the other is created.Hence some lag can be seen as the acivity is recreated. strongPlease suggest that should I continue WITH THIS or there is some other way out to handle thisstrong Thank you for Giving your timep
Negative 802 pi am new to MYSQL and using workbench 6.1. I have created a database and 10 tables. It was working fine. Accidently I deleted one table. Problem started after I recreated the table. Now, even if I try to load data from csv file or insert data in it, it gives me successful 397 rows affected. when I do select  from tablename it displays the data. But when I reconnect the database and perform select  from tablename, it has no data in it.p  pplease help me..m not able to find anything related to this online.p
Negative 802 pAs far as I know, SSL traffic cannot be decrypted without the proper certificate.p  pOK.p  pBut why when I use cURL on PHP, and set it to go through Fiddler proxy on another hostp  precodecurlsetoptch, CURLOPTPROXY, 192.168.2.182 curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPROXYPORT, 8888 codepre  pI still can see the created [Tunnels443] and read HTTPS traffic without installing Fiddlers Certificate on the host running the PHP code.p  pPHP linux lt Fiddler 192.168.2.182 lt Server443p  pCan someone explain what is happening herep
Negative 802 pI am using the quantreg package to compute quantile regressions in R. I invoke my QR using the following command.p  precodequantGsReg15 lt rqgsRMSD  kMeanGrp  medianDurationMS  flightHours  flightHoursType  landings30days  privPilot  afterKSS, tau  .15 , data  accumulatedNM , methodfn summaryquantGsReg15 codepre  pNow if I look at the return the coefficients for the variables flightHours and flightHoursType are zeroNULL.p  precodetau [1] 0.15  Coefficients                  coefficients   lower bd       upper bd       Intercept        1.080000e03  1.381000e02   1.618000e02 kMeanGrp2          1.510000e03 1.797693e308   1.510000e03 kMeanGrp3          6.170000e03  2.630000e03  1.797693e308 medianDurationMS  1.000000e05  4.000000e05   3.000000e05 flightHours        0.000000e00   0.000000e00   0.000000e00 flightHoursType    0.000000e00   0.000000e00   1.000000e05 landings30days     3.000000e05  6.600000e04   3.600000e04 privPilotyes       4.440000e03 1.797693e308   1.380000e02 afterKSS           3.000000e05  1.130000e03   2.250000e03 codepre  pWhen adding codese  nidcode I also get a warning messagep  precodeWarning message In summary.rqquantGsReg15, se  nid  7 nonpositive fis codepre  pAn OLS regression I computed before indicates that this is most likely not be the case. I experimented with different QR methods  method  fn but without success.p  pInvoking the same commands for the .5 quantile returns a similar output however I get a different warning messagep  precodeWarning message In rq.fit.brx, y, tau  tau, ci  TRUE, ...  Solution may be nonunique codepre  pWhat am I doing wrong I googled for 30minutes now but without success. Thank you so much for your assistancep
Negative 802 pIm deploying a mule application and receive this error.  Im using Mule 3.4.1EE and activeMQ 5.8p  pJMSException Could not create Transport. Reason java.lang.IllegalArgumentException Invalid connect parameters wireFormat.maxInactivityDurationInitalDelay30000p  pOccording to this the argument is correct a hrefhttpactivemq.apache.orgconfiguringwireformats.html relnofollowhttpactivemq.apache.orgconfiguringwireformats.htmla.  If I take out the wireFormat option, it will throw an error about it need to be set.p  precodeltappender namejms classorg.apache.log4j.net.JMSAppendergt     ltparam nameInitialContextFactoryName valueorg.apache.activemq.jndi.ActiveMQInitialContextFactory gt     ltparam nameProviderURL valuetcplocalhost61616wireFormat.maxInactivityDurationInitalDelay30000 gt     ltparam nameTopicBindingName valuelogTopic gt     ltparam nameTopicConnectionFactoryBindingName valueConnectionFactory gt ltappendergt codepre  pThank you for your help.p  pHere is the full stacktracep  pre log4jERROR Error while activating options for appender named [jms]. javax.jms.JMSException Wire format negotiation timeout peer did not send his wire format.     at org.apache.activemq.util.JMSExceptionSupport.createJMSExceptionSupport.java62     at org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection.syncSendPacketActiveMQConnection.java1409     at org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection.ensureConnectionInfoSentActiveMQConnection.java1496     at org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection.createSessionActiveMQConnection.java325     at org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection.createTopicSessionActiveMQConnection.java1122     at org.apache.log4j.net.JMSAppender.activateOptionsJMSAppender.java218     at org.apache.log4j.config.PropertySetter.activatePropertySetter.java307     at org.apache.log4j.config.PropertySetter.setPropertiesPropertySetter.java172     at org.apache.log4j.config.PropertySetter.setPropertiesPropertySetter.java104     at org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator.parseAppenderPropertyConfigurator.java809     at org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator.parseCategoryPropertyConfigurator.java735     at org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator.configureRootCategoryPropertyConfigurator.java615     at org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator.doConfigurePropertyConfigurator.java502     at org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator.doConfigurePropertyConfigurator.java547     at org.mule.module.launcher.log4j.ApplicationAwareRepositorySelector.configureFromApplicationAwareRepositorySelector.java180     at org.mule.module.launcher.log4j.ApplicationAwareRepositorySelector.getLoggerRepositoryApplicationAwareRepositorySelector.java89     at org.apache.log4j.LogManager.getLoggerRepositoryLogManager.java208     at org.apache.log4j.LogManager.getLoggerLogManager.java228     at org.mule.module.logging.MuleLoggerFactory.getLoggerMuleLoggerFactory.java77     at org.mule.module.logging.DispatchingLogger.getLoggerDispatchingLogger.java419     at org.mule.module.logging.DispatchingLogger.traceDispatchingLogger.java53     at org.apache.activemq.transport.tcp.TcpTransport.runTcpTransport.java192     at java.lang.Thread.runUnknown Source Caused by java.io.IOException Wire format negotiation timeout peer did not send his wire format.     at org.apache.activemq.transport.WireFormatNegotiator.onewayWireFormatNegotiator.java98     at org.apache.activemq.transport.MutexTransport.onewayMutexTransport.java68     at org.apache.activemq.transport.ResponseCorrelator.asyncRequestResponseCorrelator.java81     at org.apache.activemq.transport.ResponseCorrelator.requestResponseCorrelator.java86     at org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnection.syncSendPacketActiveMQConnection.java1380     ... 21 more pre
Negative 802 pI have hard time to decide that which filesystem is the best and Raid or not Raid selection.  I have 4 different hard disk. 1. 120GB SSD  2. 160GB 3. 500GB 4. 1TBp  pAnd I have noticed that zfs on linux does not support trim officially but third party patch, therefore, it is not fully tested....p  pAs a result, I dont intend to let my ssd use zfs, I will use ext4 instead...p  pSo, Is zfs on linux reliable enough to be installed with gentoo on a network attached storage Or you guys have another good solution for me P.S. if zfs is reliable enough, RAIDZ is a good choicep
Negative 802 pIm attempting to create an introduction to my iOS app.  So Ive created a few view controllers that are shown in the beginning of the app.  On the last introduction view controller there is a button which brings you to the actual app.  p  pHow do I make it so when that button is clicked the app launches with a different view controller.p  pIf someone could walk me through the steps and be very detailed I would appreciate it as Im a beginner iOS developer.p
Negative 802 pI have a problem of concurrency in  my php application with mysql database. I have a process by which the application brings data from a sql server 2005 database  and inserts these in my mysql database, first checking that these data are not currently exist.. the problem is that this process is executed by many users, and if two people run it simultaneously,i have concurrency problems, and the application does not realize that just another terminal has entered the data. Let me give a simple example to make you understandp  precodemylastPatientId  1000 SEARCH FOR NEW PATIENTES IN SQL SERVER THAT AR NOT IN MYSQL sqlSELECT ID,FULLNAME FROM PATIENTS WHERE ID gt mylastPatientId  resultodbcexecconn,sqlor dieexitError en odbcexec while odbcfetchrowresult      id  odbcresultresult, ID     fullname  odbcresultresult, FULLNAME     resultMySql  mysqlquerySELECT  FROM patients where id  id , conexion     if mysqlaffectedrows 0              mysqlqueryINSERT INTO patients id,fullname values id,fullname, conexion       codepre  pplease note that this is just a simplified example of a much larger process that I have, but thats the idea. code block is newly invented and not proven. good, the problem here is that when two terminals simultaneously perform this process, this does not detect that another terminal has already been inserted to the patient, and therefore, the patient is inserted twice.p
Negative 802 pI have a 3x3 fullscreen, responsive grid that has the height set via JS. Then when you scale down to 800px I would like for the grid to adjust to 2x3. Heres a pic of the grids at the different screen sizes img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comeUyeh.jpg altenter image description herep  pI have my media queries set up via CSS but I also have to change the function of the divs height to take the windowHeight and divide it by 3 instead of windowHeight2 for larger screen sizes. Here is the necessary JSp  precodefunction    var serviceBox6  .jsservicebox6   var serviceBox5  .jsservicebox5   var serviceBox4  .jsservicebox4   var serviceBox3  .jsservicebox3   var serviceBox2  .jsservicebox2   var serviceBox1  .jsservicebox1    document.readyfunction        function setHeight          windowHeight  window.innerHeight         intro.cssminheight, windowHeight         about.cssminheight, windowHeight         nav.cssminheight, windowHeight         services.cssminheight, windowHeight         contact.cssminheight, windowHeight         contactLeft.cssminheight, windowHeight         contactRight.cssminheight, windowHeight         map.cssminheight, windowHeight         serviceBox1.cssminheight, windowHeight2         serviceBox2.cssminheight, windowHeight2         serviceBox3.cssminheight, windowHeight2         serviceBox4.cssminheight, windowHeight2         serviceBox5.cssminheight, windowHeight2         serviceBox6.cssminheight, windowHeight2            setHeight      if document.documentElement.clientWidth lt 800          document.readyfunction            function setHeight              windowHeight  window.innerHeight             contactLeft.cssminheight, windowHeight2             contactRight.cssminheight, windowHeight2             map.cssminheight, windowHeight2             serviceBox1.cssminheight, windowHeight3             serviceBox2.cssminheight, windowHeight3             serviceBox3.cssminheight, windowHeight3             serviceBox4.cssminheight, windowHeight3             serviceBox5.cssminheight, windowHeight3             serviceBox6.cssminheight, windowHeight3                      setHeight                    window.resizefunction        if window.width        setHeight          codepre  pThis works when I scale the screen down to 800px but if I scale it back up past 800px it doesnt revert back to the 3x3 grid unless the page is refreshed. Its the same if I start at 800px the 2x3 grid appears and then as I scale the width up the 3x3 grid appears but if I scale back down below 800px it doesnt go back to the 2x3 grid. How can I get the grid to readjust between the two grids as a user adjusts the screen width below and above 800pxp  pAll help is greatly appreciatedp
Negative 802 pI have a codehasmany throughcode join table setup for a recipe app where codeIngredientcode and codeMealcode connect through codeMealIngredientcode. Within codeMealIngredientcode, I have codemealidcode, codeingredientidcode, and codeamountcode. My question is How can I access the codeamountcode columnp  pIn my recipe view, I loop through the ingredientsp  precodemeal.ingredients.each do i codepre  pI can access the properties of the ingredient but not the amount from the codeMealIngredientcode join record.p  pI tried using codeincludescode in the query doing codemeal.ingredients.includesmealingredientscode, but Im unsure of how to access the codeamountcode within the aforementioned loop. When I use codei.inspectcode, I dont see any references to the codemealingredientscode table at all.p  pIs there some way to access the variable within that loop using codei.amountcodep  pThank you in advance for any helpp
Negative 802 pI have been trying to execute following query over MYSQL instance and its running fine, however same query which am making to mysql instance through my web application am getting below error.p  pcodeString query  SELECT  from getTabletype  LIMIT , ORDER BY id DESCcodep  pAm new to all this, am really not understanding issue, please help. below is stack tracep  precodecom.mysql.jdbc.exceptions.MySQLSyntaxErrorException You have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near ORDER BY id DESC at line 1     at com.mysql.jdbc.SQLError.createSQLExceptionSQLError.java936     at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.checkErrorPacketMysqlIO.java2985     at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.sendCommandMysqlIO.java1631     at com.mysql.jdbc.MysqlIO.sqlQueryDirectMysqlIO.java1723     at com.mysql.jdbc.Connection.execSQLConnection.java3283     at com.mysql.jdbc.PreparedStatement.executeInternalPreparedStatement.java1332     at com.mysql.jdbc.PreparedStatement.executeQueryPreparedStatement.java1467     at com.mkgcorp.data.DatabaseManager.getLogsDatabaseManager.java56     at com.mkgcorp.controller.DataSynchronizer.doGetDataSynchronizer.java99     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java620     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java727     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java303     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java208     at org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilterWsFilter.java52     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java241     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java208     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java220     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java122     at org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java501     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java171     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java103     at org.apache.catalina.valves.AccessLogValve.invokeAccessLogValve.java950     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java116     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java408     at org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1070     at org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java611     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.JIoEndpointSocketProcessor.runJIoEndpoint.java314     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerUnknown Source     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runUnknown Source     at org.apache.tomcat.util.threads.TaskThreadWrappingRunnable.runTaskThread.java61     at java.lang.Thread.runUnknown Source codepre
Negative 802 pImagine a simple Entity Framework query with a context generated from the database such asp  precodevar q  from a in context.Accounts          join c in context.Contracts         on a.Id equals c.AccountId          select new CustomAccount              Id  a.Id,             Name  a.Name,             ...             Contracts  How do I easily populate the related contracts          codepre  pThe query looks for accounts and joins to contracts.  The relationship is not enforced in the database I cant change the schema so I cant use navigational properties.  Is there an easy way that I can populate the related objectsp
Negative 802 pAs this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma247449112327821answera explains, mutlithreading can work well for web scraping because nonCPU time is spent simply waiting for results. I am trying to understand the behavior of this a hrefhttpsgithub.comcreeveshftWebScrapingblobmastermultithreaded20web20spidermultiscrape.py relnofollowmultithreaded crawlerap  precodeimport urllib import re import time from threading import Thread import MySQLdb import mechanize import readability from bs4 import BeautifulSoup from readability.readability import Document import urlparse   class MultiScrape     visited  []     urls  []     globvisited  []     depth  0     counter  0     threadlist  []     root        def initself, url, depth        self.globvisited.appendurl        self.depth  depth        self.root  url      def runself         while self.counter lt self.depth             for w in self.globvisited                 if w not in self.visited                     self.visited.appendw                     self.urls.appendw             self.globvisited  []                    for r in self.urls                 try                      t  Threadtargetself.scrapeStep, argsr,                     self.threadlist.appendt                     t.start                             except                     nnn  True              for g in self.threadlist                 g.join              self.counter1         return self.visited        def scrapeStepself,root         resulturls  []         br  mechanize.Browser         br.sethandlerobotsFalse         br.addheaders  [Useragent, Firefox]         try             br.openroot             for link in br.links                 newurl   urlparse.urljoinlink.baseurl,link.url                 if urlparse.urlparselink.baseurl.hostname.replacewww., in self.root                     resulturls.appendnewurl            except             err  True              for res in resulturls             self.globvisited.appendres codepre  pMy most basic question is how python manages to maintain the codeself.globvisitedcode list given the global interpreter lock GIL. My understanding is that each threaded call of codescrapeStepcode maintains its own list, which are combined with codeg.joincode in the coderuncode function. Is that correct Would python behave the same way if I added a global list of the html of the pages scrapped What if the html were stored instead in a global dictionary Finally, as I understand this script, it only makes use of a single CPU. So if I have multiple CPUs I could call this function using codemultiprocessingcode to speed up the crawlp
Negative 802 pIm using the following code to change the text box width according to text and currenlty its working OK for input typep  precodedocument.readyfunction       .myclass.csswidth, .myclass.val.length1  6  px   codepre  pThis is the input type which is working p  precodeltinput typetext classmyclass   disableddisabled stylemarginright 5pxgt codepre  pBut for the following code its not working,any ideap  precodeHtml.TextBoxFormodel gt model.Service, new  disabled  disabled, class  myclass codepre
Negative 802 pFirst of all Im really confused that should I ask this on SO. If not can you guys provide me an alternative where I can ask thisp  pI have a code.swfcode file and I need to convert it to code.flacodeso that I can get my codeactionscriptcode code back and start developing again.p  pThe file was developed by me Using codeAdobe Flash CS 5.5code on codeWindows 8code and I exported it as codeswfcode.p  pThen I stored that codeswfcode file on my codeUSB stickcodeMy regular backup. But unfortunately I forgot to store code.flacode.p  pAnd Now My HDD is crashed, and cant be repaired. p  pSo is there any way that I can get code.flacode file from code.swfcode p  pIve seen a hrefhttpwww.wikihow.comDecompileSwfFilesandConvertSwftoFla relnofollowthisa, and came to know that it is possible.p  pIs there any Free  Open source sw to do it Thanks in advance p
Negative 802 pIm currently trying to create a filter that will allow me to select a date using jQueryUI datepicker. This date will then be compared to the value of a hidden input. The parent codedivcode of the hidden input will then be hidden using code.hidecode function if the hidden date is less than the date select using the picker.p  precodeltdiv datavalueI0001APP0277S classserverwrapper styledisplay blockgt ltdiv classdetailwrappergt....ltdivgt ltinput typehidden classbuildStarthidden value4252014 14619 pmgt ltdivgt  ltinput typetext idbuildStartfilter classsecondarylivefilter hasDatepickergt codepre  pUsing this codep  precodebuildStartfilter.changefunction     var date  this.val     .buildStarthidden.eachfunction         ifdategtthis.val.split [0]             this.parent.hide                codepre  pBut using this code doesnt work. I think it may be due to the comparison of string values rather than date values. What can I change to make the comparison workp
Negative 802 pIve got a task to make an email template and got struck with issue where I need to stack one element on top of the otherp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHBXd9.png altp  pIn regular HTMLCSS that would look like thisp  precodeltdiv classelementgt   ltdiv classicongtltdivgt   ltdiv classcountgt6ltdivgt ltdivgt  .element      position relative     height 60px     width 60px  .icon      position absolute     bottom 0     background urlhttpwww.veryicon.comiconicoSystemSticker20Pack201Chat.ico norepeat     width 48px     height 48px     backgroundsize 100   .count      position absolute     right 5px     width 20px     textalign center     display inlineblock     padding 5px     backgroundcolor F33689     color FFF     fontfamily sansserif     borderradius 5px     fontsize 18px  codepre  pCheck a hrefhttpjsfiddle.net4d3017sm1 relnofollowresult hereap  pDoes anyone know if its possible to achieve this result by using techniques allowed by email clients that would work in almost all clientsp  pWhat I thought I could tryp  ol liNegative margins does not work in all clientsli liBackground image does not work in all clientsli liPosition absoluterelative does not work in all clientsli li...li ol  pThank youp
Negative 802 pUsing codegetaddrinfocode to query a host, I get a number of resultsp  precodestruct addrinfo hints hints.aiflags     0 hints.aifamily    AFINET hints.aisocktype  SOCKSTREAM hints.aiprotocol  0 hints.aiaddrlen   0 hints.aiaddr      NULL hints.aicanonname NULL hints.ainext      NULL  struct addrinfo res  NULL getaddrinfogoogle.com, http, amphints, ampres codepre  pcoderescode gets filled in with a list of 11 possible addresses I could use to connect to codegoogle.comcode with the given parametersp  precode1   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.98, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 2   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.104, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 3   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.100, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 4   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.99, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 5   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.96, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 6   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.102, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 7   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.110, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 8   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.97, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 9   family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.105, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 10  family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.103, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 11  family2, addr.port80, addr.address74.125.226.101, protocol6, socktype1, flags0 codepre  pMy question is, which do I use Should I just always take the first one, or pick one at random Or should I try each one in order until codeconnectcode succeedsp
Negative 802 pIs all we need to copy across is .exe and .exe.config  p  por do we need to copy .dlls and .xml as wellp
Negative 802 pI build website with all pages in ajax. The problem is the ajax pages havnt header and footer like index page.p  pSo I want google will index the ajax pages after they inserted to index. In other words, I want google to index my ajax pages with header and footer.p  pHow can I do thatp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pstrongProblem Statementstrongp  pIm trying to build a listview using the inputs from the controls like textbox and dropdownlist. Simply i want to addremove data from listview without interacting with db.p  pCurrently i can bind data to listview from db in 3 waysp  ul liUsing IEnumerable model items with foreach loopli liUsing Grid.MVC3 dll from codeplex using bootstrapli liJQGrid which is not freeli ul  pBut in above all the 3 cases im interacting with db for binding data. My problem is that i want to addremove data from textboxdropdown to listview without interacting with dbp  pActually i tried with Listbox but here i can accomplish only one column,actually im having 2 columns and want to display headers for the added columns in listview.p  pemHow to achive this in strongMVC Razorstrong which is very simple in WindowsASP applicationsemp  pemAny solutionssuggestions for my problememp
Negative 802 pIve witten a few functional tests using the codeStaticLiveServerCasecode. This works great for local testing, but now Id like to test my staging server as well. The author of a hrefhttpchimera.labs.oreilly.combooks1234000000754ch08.htmlasalwaysstartwithatestthe book Im readinga suggests the following hackp  precodeimport sys [...]  class NewVisitorTestStaticLiveServerCase      classmethod     def setUpClasscls         for arg in sys.argv             if liveserver in arg                 cls.serverurl  http  arg.split[1]                 return         super.setUpClass         cls.serverurl  cls.liveserverurl      classmethod     def tearDownClasscls         if cls.serverurl  cls.liveserverurl             super.tearDownClass       Now use self.serverurl instead of self.liveserverurl codepre  pI adjusted it to call codesuperLiveServerTestCase, cls.setUpClasscode as well as codetearDownClasscode instead, when not using the temporary server, because bluntly ignoring the grandparents implementation feels wrong. p  pStill its a hack, and Id like to know if cleaner solutions exist. Django does have a codeliveservercode argument of its own, but it can only be used to change the bindings of the temporary server.p  pSo far, Ive come up with the following ideasp  ul liSubclassing codeStaticLiveServerCasecode to parse the argument, change the codeliveserverurlcode property accordingly, and let the temporary server just be startedstopped unused. Costs some performance and in theory, makes the tests less reliable.li liExploiting Pythons dynamic typing to determine the base class codeStaticLiveServerCasecode or some codeStagingServerTestCasecode subclassing codeTransactionTestCasecode at runtime. This is not much less of a hack, and my IDE probably isnt going to like it either.li liWriting a third class that delegates to either codeStaticLiveServerTestCasecode or codeTransactionTestCasecode composition instead of inheritance. Looks like a lot of work to achieve this one thing.li ul
Negative 802 pThe way our server is set up, we have 3 partitions.p  ul li504 mb SDA1 bootli li2 gig SDA5 tmpli li500 gig SDA2 rootli ul  pI have a programmer on this server working with a 13 gig MySQL database. He gets no error messages from his script or MySQL while executing. According to our system admin the TMP file keeps filling up shutting down services.p  pLast night, the entire server was taken off line because of it. The script was running all day, it only filled up 4 of the TMP disk, however after I left work around 6 I got a call from my boss letting me know the server was off line.p  pAfter our system administrator got it back up I asked him what took it down and he said the TMP disk filled up. Just the day before we had a similar problem where the TMP disk filled up and shut down MySQL I could confirm the SDA5 Disk was at 100 capacity unlike yesterday when the last time I checked it was at 4. p  pMy question is, when MySQL is running does it interact or write to any log or session in the TMP disk that could cause it to instantly fill up Is my system administrator right Is the TMP disk filling up crashing the serverp
Negative 802 pI have successfully strongcome out with this codestrong after searching through Google and stackoverflow however, there is only strongone problemstrong. p  pLets say the codeamountavailablecode is code125code. By right, I should only be able to input numbers with total sum of codelt 125code but I can put in numbers onedigit more like code1111code or 3 digit number bigger than code125code like code999code. How do I correct this Other than that, it works fine. p  pBelow are my codes p  hr  pstrongJQuerystrongp  precodevar amountavailable  input[nameamountavailable].val .multiplespec.onkeydown,input[namequantity],functione     var totalquantity0     this.parents[classmultiple].findinput[namequantity].eachfunction         var val  parseFloatthis.val         ifisNaNvalval  0         totalquantityvaltotalquantity          iftotalquantitygtamountavailable          Allow backspace, delete, tab, escape, and enter         if .inArraye.keyCode, [46, 8, 9, 27, 13, 110]  1               Allow CtrlA             e.keyCode  65 ampamp e.ctrlKey  true               Allow home, end, left, right             e.keyCode gt 35 ampamp e.keyCode lt 39               let it happen, dont do anything             return                  e.preventDefault       codepre  pstrongHTMLstrongp  precodeltinput typetext nameamountavailablegt ltdiv classmultiplespecgt     ltdiv classsomeclassgt         ltinput typetext namequantity1gt         ltinput typetext namequantity2gt         ltinput typetext namequantity3gt     ltdivgt ltdiv ltdiv classmultiplepricegt     ltdiv classrandomclassgt         ltinput typetext namequantity4gt         ltinput typetext namequantity5gt         ltinput typetext namequantity6gt     ltdivgt ltdiv codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to test a very simple class with phpspec.p  pSome methods of the class that should be testedp  precode   param Store session   function constructStore session      thisgtsession  session      param Store session   function constructStore session      thisgtsession  session      Set the current order id     param orderId   public function setCurrentOrderIdorderId      thisgtsessiongtsetthisgtsessionVariableName, orderId      return this      Get the current order id     return mixed   public function getCurrentOrderId      return thisgtsessiongtgetthisgtsessionVariableName  codepre  pand a piece of the testp  precodeuse IlluminateSessionStore   class CheckoutSpec extends ObjectBehavior      function letStore session              thisgtbeConstructedWithsession           function itisinitializable              thisgtshouldHaveTypeSpatieCheckoutCheckout           function itstoresanorderId              thisgtsetCurrentOrderIdtestvalue          thisgtgetCurrentOrderIdgtshouldReturntestvalue        codepre  pUnfortunately the test fails on codeitstoresanorderIdcode with this error codeexpected testvalue, but got null.codep  pWhen the methods codesetCurrentOrderIdcode and codegetCurrentOrderIdcode are used in artisans tinker they work just fine.p  pIt seems that in my test environment there something wrong with the setup of the session.p  pHow can this problem be solvedp
Negative 802 pIm getting a datetime string in the following format back from a web servicep  p20140822T1500000400p  pOriginally, I manually stripped the pieces out and rebuilt it to an NSDate variable.  The problem I ran into then was when I retrieved the day part of the date, hours 00 through 04 would give me the previous day.  Even when applying the local timezone to the date formatter, the printed value of the new date ended with 0000, which cant be right.p  pAnyway, I then found some code on apples site in OjbectiveC and translated it into Swiftp  precode    func userVisibleDateTimeStringForRFC3339DateTimeStringrfc3339DateTimeString String gt NSDate           let rfc3339DateFormatter  NSDateFormatter         let enUSPOSIXLocale  NSLocalelocaleIdentifier enUSPOSIX         rfc3339DateFormatter.locale  enUSPOSIXLocale         rfc3339DateFormatter.dateFormat  yyyyMMddTHHmmssZ         let date  rfc3339DateFormatter.dateFromStringrfc3339DateTimeString           return date      codepre  pthe original code produced a user readable date string.  I just needed the date.p  pNow, it crashes on the return statement because date is nil, meaning its not parsing that datetime string.p  pIve even tried simplyp  precodelet formatyyyyMMddTHHmmssZ var dateFmt  NSDateFormatter  dateFmt.dateFormat  format  printlnnoaaDate let newreadableDate  dateFmt.dateFromStringnoaaDate printlnnewreadableDate codepre  pnewreadableDate is nilp  pAll I need is to convert that string into a date that will let me do proper day component comparisons later on.p
Negative 802 pI have a table to do some test in performance, etc. In this table I have a field cpDATA as DATE type, and another field cpDATATIME as datetime type.p  pDoes anybody know why when I use SELECT  FROM teste this return cpDATA as stringp  pThis is the script for the tablep  hr  precodeCREATE TABLE teste]     [CpTexto] [varchar]50 NULL,     [CpData] [date] NULL,     [CpDataTime] [datetime] NULL,     [CpValor] [numeric]15, 5 NULL,     [CpInteiro] [int] NULL,     [ID] [int] IDENTITY1,1 NOT NULL      ON [PRIMARY] codepre  hr  pAnd this is for SQLEXECUTEp  precodelcNumConex  1 pStringSQL  [SELECT  FROM TESTE] pCursor  [tmpResult]  SQLEXEClcNumConex,pStringSql,pCursor codepre  hr  pWhen I use this, I can see on the cursor created as result from query, the field cpDATA as string instead of date type.p  pDoes anybody help mep
Negative 802 pIm trying to fix a XML file with thousands of lines that have the errorp  blockquote   pOpening and ending tag mismatch errorp blockquote  pIm using right now simpleXML to parse this file, so before parse with this librarie I need to fix the XML filep  pRight now Im trying with this solution but its no enoughp  precodelibxmluseinternalerrorstrue xml  simplexmlloadfiletempname      errors  libxmlgeterrors      foreach errors as error           if strposerrorgtmessage, Opening and ending tag mismatchfalse               tag    trimpregreplaceOpening and ending tag mismatch . line., 1, errorgtmessage              lines  filetempname, FILEIGNORENEWLINES              line   errorgtline1              echo line              echo ltbrgt              lines[line]  lt.tag.gt.lines[line]              fileputcontentstempname, imploden, lines                 codepre  pAny ideap  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pIm trying to extract some values from a Json but I have problems with the data between [ ]p  precode    attrib1 esBO,   attrib2 2,   Segment [        inAttrib1 value1,     inAttrib2 value2,     inAttrib3 value3   ]  codepre  pfor the first values Im usingp  precodestring attrib1  request.GetValueattrib1.Valueltstringgt . . . codepre  pbut when Im trying to dop  precodestring inAttrib1  request.GetValueinAttrib1.Valueltstringgt codepre  pdoesnt work...what can I do, or exists another way to do the samep
Negative 802 pI am making a search box, when a first name or full name is entered the result is a table listing the userid, email, full name etc...p  pThere can be more than one user with same first name or full name which in that cause I will need to loop through the result set.p  pThe search also need to be flexible so that John Smith or John Smi or John will work.p  pe.g [firstname lastname] [search]p  pIs there a way in WordPress to do this or do I have to use MySQLp
Negative 802 pWhen the code executes this line Set r  tbl.Findwhatmx and if cell contains repeated zeros or any number it returns same location repeatedly. For example if I have repeated zeros to search for It gives me result as V1B, V1B, V1B instead of returning V1B, V2B and V2C. I think it does only if the values are repeated. How to modify this codep  precode  V1   V2   V3  codepre  pA    1       5     9 p  pB    0       0     0p  pC    7       8     4 p  pSub Finder      Dim tabl As Range, headr As Range, mx As Double     Dim r As Range, colr As Range     Dim p As Longp  precodeWith Sheet1      For p  1 To 9         Set tbl .RangeB3D5         Set headr .RangeB2D2         Set colr .RangeA3A5         mx .Cells6  p, 3         Set r  tbl.Findwhatmx         v  Intersectheadr, r.EntireColumn.Value         v  v amp   amp Intersectcolr, r.EntireRow.Value         .Cells6  p, 2  v     Next p End with codepre  pEnd Subp
Negative 802 pI have a table which was originally defined with a default value for one column. I need to change or remove the default.p  ul lia hrefhttpapi.rubyonrails.orgclassesActiveRecordMigration.html relnofollowRubyOnRails.orga seems by its silence to say this change is not wrapped for portability by codeActiveRecordMigrationcode.li lia hrefhttpwww.w3schools.comsqlsqldefault.asp relnofollowW3schoolsa seems to say the SQL needed is not portable between MySQL and SQLite my two DBs.li ul  pIf I misread either of those, then straightening me out would be sufficient. Otherwisep  ul liFrom within an codeActiveRecordMigrationupcode routine, how can I write an codeexecutecode call thats sensitive to the underlying DB Can I, for instance, see the active values from codeconfigdatabase.ymlcodeli ul  pCurrent table defn from codedbschema.rbcode isp  precode  createtable apis, force true do t     t.string   provider     t.string   endpoint     t.string   name     t.integer  ownerid     t.string   status     t.datetime createdat     t.datetime updatedat     t.string   apiarydevdomain     t.string   resourceroot,     default v1, null false     t.text     description   end codepre
Negative 802 pI have an object of Order Items.it contains three valuesp  p1.item Namep  p2.Item Pricep  p3.No of Itemsp  pI have a spinner, i have add this object on item selected.p  pWhen I add this object and select again , an other item it will also add into list, not override.p  pMy code is belowp  precode    private OnItemSelectedListener itemSelectListener  new OnItemSelectedListener        Override     public void onItemSelectedAdapterViewltgt arg0, View arg1,int arg2, long arg3           TODO Autogenerated method stub           System.out.printlnparent Tagarg0.getTag         TextView itemName  TextViewfindViewByIdInteger.parseIntarg0.getTag.toString         System.out.printlnItem Name itemName.getText.toString         System.out.printlnItem Price itemName.getTag.toString         System.out.printlnItem QTY arg0.getItemAtPositionarg2.toString         orderItems  new OrderItems                   if.equalsarg0.getItemAtPositionarg2.toString             orderItems.itemName  itemName.getText.toString             orderItems.itemPrice  itemName.getTag.toString             orderItems.noOfItems  Integer.parseIntarg0.getItemAtPositionarg2.toString             ifitemsArray             itemsArray.additemorderItems                     Override     public void onNothingSelectedAdapterViewltgt arg0           TODO Autogenerated method stub         public void additemOrderItems object     itemArrayList.addobject  codepre  pcan any body help me in this What i am missing herep
Negative 802 pI stumbled on this feature of App Engines Datastore that you dont actually have to have a persisted root entity to have strongly consistent behavior work with GAE. You can use a computed key to store and load child entities. strongMy question is Is this a good practice or does this rely too much on an implementation quirk of the Datastorestrongp  pHeres an example using Python. This idiom will work with Java, too, Im sure.p  pLets say you have a child entityp  precodeCustomerReportndb.Model   foondb.StringProperty   barndb.FloatProperty   ... codepre  pCustomerReports are generated based on a real entity type, Customer. But you can save with strong consistency this report entity by computing an ancestor key for a nonexistent parent entity like thisp  precodeReportRootndb.Model   pass codepre  pLike sop  precodeCustomerReportparentndb.KeyReportRoot, customer.key.id, ... .put codepre  pWhich can be retrieved again by simply computing the keyp  precodeCustomerReport.queryancestorndb.KeyReportRoot, customer.key.id.fetch codepre  pThank you.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to redirect all my website traffic from any url to https, secure ssl using a .htaccess file. This has to match the current domain and redirect including any sub urls.p  pMy codep  precodeRewriteCond HTTPS off RewriteCond HTTPXForwardedProto https RewriteCond HTTPHOST shop.test.com RewriteRule . httpsHTTPHOSTREQUESTURI [L,R301] codepre  pThe issue i am having is that all traffic is being sent to index.phpp  pshop.test.comtesturlp  pgoes to  a hrefhttpsshop.test.comindex.php relnofollowhttpsshop.test.comindex.phpap  pexpected  a hrefhttpsshop.test.comtesturl relnofollowhttpsshop.test.comtesturlap
Negative 802 pIm trying to make an dbf to mysql connector in python. So far i have got it to connect the mysql server and read the dbf file but when I run the program it shows that none of the data has replicated in the sql.p  pHeres my code so far.p  precodefrom dbfpy import dbf import MySQLdb  source  dbf.Dbffoxpro.Dbf  db  MySQLdb.connecthost  localhost, user  root, passwd  , db  mydb cur  db.cursor  for r in source     query  INSERT mytb SET column1  s, column2  s, column3  s     values  r[column1], r[column2], r[column3]     print r[column1], r[column2], r[column3] codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to get named entity graphs to work properly.  Basically, I have a Customer who can have zero or more Addresses.  When I query to get a list of Customers, I want the customers fields, but not the associated Addresses.  When I query for a particular Customer, I want its fields and all of the associated Addresses.  So, Ive been trying to use named entity graphs because they seem to address this situation.  I created one to get basic information, and another that gets everything.  Unfortunately, when I use either graph, I still always get everything.  I am sure that I am making a simple mistake, but I cannot seem to find it.  Id appreciate your help to figure out my error.  The relevant code follows...p  pThank you for your time and advise, Mikep  precode  ENTITIES   Entity Tablename  customers XmlRootElement NamedQueries     NamedQueryname  Customer.findAll, query  SELECT c FROM Customer c  NamedEntityGraphs     NamedEntityGraph         namepreviewCustomerEntityGraph,          attributeNodes             NamedAttributeNodeid,             NamedAttributeNodedisplayAs,             NamedAttributeNoderowVersion              ,     NamedEntityGraph         namefullCustomerEntityGraph,          attributeNodes             NamedAttributeNodeid,             NamedAttributeNodedisplayAs,             NamedAttributeNoderowVersion,             NamedAttributeNodevalue  addressCollection, subgraph  addressCollection         ,         subgraphs  NamedSubgraph             name  addressCollection,              attributeNodes                   NamedAttributeNodeid,                 NamedAttributeNodedisplayAs,                 NamedAttributeNoderowVersion                             public class Customer implements Serializable       private static final long serialVersionUID  1L      Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.IDENTITY     Basicoptional  false     Columnname  Id     XmlAttributerequiredtrue     private Long id      Basicoptional  false     NotNull     Sizemin  1, max  256     Columnname  DisplayAs     XmlElementrequiredtrue, nillablefalse     private String displayAs      Basicoptional  true     Sizemax  256     Columnname  Name     XmlElementrequiredtrue, nillabletrue     private String name          Basicoptional  false     NotNull     XmlElementrequiredtrue, nillablefalse     Columnname  RowVersion     Version     private Timestamp rowVersion       OneToManymappedBy  customerId,cascade  CascadeType.ALL, fetch  FetchType.LAZY     private CollectionltAddressgt addressCollection  XmlTransient public CollectionltAddressgt getAddressCollection      return addressCollection   public void setAddressCollectionCollectionltAddressgt addressCollection      this.addressCollection  addressCollection        Object methods have been removed to save space    Entity Tablename  addresses XmlRootElement NamedQueries     NamedQueryname  Address.findAll, query  SELECT a FROM Address a public class Address implements Serializable      private static final long serialVersionUID  1L     Id     GeneratedValuestrategy  GenerationType.IDENTITY     Basicoptional  false     XmlAttributerequiredtrue     Columnname  Id     private Long id      Basicoptional  false     NotNull     Columnname  RowVersion     TemporalTemporalType.TIMESTAMP     XmlElementrequiredtrue, nillabletrue     private Date rowVersion      Basicoptional  false     NotNull     Sizemin  1, max  256     Columnname  DisplayAs         XmlElementrequiredtrue, nillabletrue     private String displayAs      JoinColumnname  CustomerId, referencedColumnName  Id     ManyToOne     private Customer customerId       Object methods have been removed to save space         QUERIES       protected T findObject id                              Filter to only return entities belonging to the tenant.                 EntityGraph eg  getEntityManager.getEntityGraphfullCustomerEntityGraph          javax.persistence.criteria.CriteriaBuilder cb  getEntityManager.getCriteriaBuilder         javax.persistence.criteria.CriteriaQueryltTgt cq  cb.createQueryentityClass         javax.persistence.criteria.RootltTgt from  cq.fromentityClass                 javax.persistence.criteria.CriteriaQueryltTgt select  cq.selectfrom               cq.wherecb.and                 cb.equalfrom.ltTgtgetid, id                   javax.persistence.TypedQueryltTgt tq  getEntityManager.createQueryselect          tq.setHintjavax.persistence.fetchgraph, eg          return getSingleResultOrNulltq           protected ListltTgt findAll                  Filter to only return entities belonging to the tenant.          EntityGraph eg  getEntityManager.getEntityGraphpreviewCustomerEntityGraph          javax.persistence.criteria.CriteriaBuilder cb  getEntityManager.getCriteriaBuilder         javax.persistence.criteria.CriteriaQueryltTgt cq  cb.createQueryentityClass         javax.persistence.criteria.RootltTgt from  cq.fromentityClass                 javax.persistence.criteria.CriteriaQueryltTgt select  cq.selectfrom                javax.persistence.TypedQueryltTgt tq  getEntityManager.createQueryselect          tq.setHintjavax.persistence.fetchgraph, eg          return tq.getResultList           protected T getSingleResultOrNulljavax.persistence.TypedQueryltTgt query          query.setMaxResults1         ListltTgt list  query.getResultList         if list.isEmpty              return null                   return list.get0      codepre
Negative 802 pI have a web page which is loading more than 1000 images per page and these images are located on Amazon severs.p  pI have added jQuery plugins to this page which are local to the webserver, I am not using any remote JS or CSS. p  pWhen the page is loaded for the first time or refreshed the page looks distorted and images are overlapping each other. When the content is fully loaded or cached the page displays correctly. p  pIs there is a way to load the images in a way that will make the page look good during loading p
Negative 802 pI currently have a spreadsheet that has hourly demand data for an entire year. There are monthly tabs, and within each of these is weekly data. I type in the number of the week I want to view and the column only shows data for that week. I need to find a way to get make a line graph that always starts at day number 1 Sunday, regardless of when the week starts relative to the first day of the month. For example, week 1 for some months begins with day 6 Friday of the week. I want to have a graph that starts at day 6, with nothing before, and has week 2 show a full weeks worth of data. The last week of the month would likely cut off before the full seven days.p  ptldr I need a graph that only starts on Sundays.p
Negative 802 pI have been struggling with this for past one hour. I am using WAMP Local server on windows maching so everything is under my control. I am getting maximum execution time 60 seconds error when trying to import Wordpress xml file. p  pI have set these values in codephp.inicodep  precodemaxexecutiontime  1200 memorylimit  512M maxinputtime  1  I have also edited my wpconfig file  settimelimit0 codepre  pI restarted server after making changes. Still I get error p  precode Fatal error Maximum execution time of 60 seconds exceeded in Cwampwwwxxawpincludeswpdb.php on line 1285 codepre  pThanks Ahmarp
Negative 802 pMy jquery code is not working on my html file. p  pI linked it to my html file with thisp  precodeltscript typetextjavascript src....jsjquery.overlay.jsgtltscriptgt codepre  pwhich I think is the correct way to connect it. The address, Im sure, is correct as well.p  pThe jquery is supposed to hide my codedivcode codeclassmodalcode when codedocument.readycode, but it is not working..p  pIs it possible that the codejQuerycode can not recognize if document is ready What could I have done wrongp
Negative 802 pGood Day my fellow Comrades in Codep  pI followed some vanilla set up examples for using zombie and cucumber. The basic problem is that I visit a site in the first step. Then, in the next step, the zombie browser is not aware of it any more. I have a very basic setup, so I am unsure what I could be missing.p  pHere is how I run the test, from the project homep  precode.nodemodules.bincucumber.js r features codepre  pHere is the cucumber file, very shortp  precodeFeature Load up the web page    Scenario Go to the index page     Given I go to the  page     Then I should see Start codepre  pHere are the two step definitions. As you can see, for sanitys sake, I am merely trying to access googlep  precodeassert  requireassert  module.exports  function   this.World  requireprocess.cwd  featuressupportworld.World    this.GivenI go to the [] page, function subpath, callback      this.browser.visithttpwww.google.com, functione,browser       console.logbrowser.html           callback       this.ThenI should see [], function arg1, callback      console.logthis.browser.location.pathname     console.logthis.browser.html     callback     codepre  pAnd here is the output when runp  precode. lthtmlgtltheadgtltheadgtltbodygtltbodygtlthtmlgt .  1 scenario 1 passed 2 steps 2 passed codepre  pIf I uncomment the console.log in the first step, the output is the HTML from visiting google, a lap  precodelthtml xmlnshttpwww.w3.org1999xhtml langengtltheadgt ltmeta contentapplicationxhtmlxml charsetUTF8 httpequivContentType gt lttitlegtGooglelttitlegt  codepre  pEtc.p  pHere is my world.js setup. Its quite vanillap  precodevar zombie  requirezombie var World  function Worldcallback   this.browser  new zombie.Browser   callback   module.exports.World  World codepre
Negative 802 pIm having a bizarre error that Im trying to figure outp  pI have a PowerPoint template .pptx for a slide off in a shared drive and we always access it in code for our PPT VSTO.  Inside that template, theres a slide that contains a chart.  We can successfully load the template and the like and even locate the Shape.p  pIm able to do the followingp  precodeMicrosoft.Office.Interop.PowerPoint.Chart chart  shape.Chart shape corresponds to the Shape on the Slide chart.Select crashes codepre  pFor some reason, emeveryem single time I try to Select the chart, it crashes with 0x800A03EC.  I have absolutely no idea why.p  pCurrently, our strategy is to store templates, load them, then access the ChartData inside of the Chart object.  We have no ability to use OfficeXml, etc, because the presentation has to be opened and done in realtime.  Is there, perhaps, a better way to attack this problem, or populate a charts datap  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI am new to Python and am having trouble with this piece of codep  precodewhile true    rand  random.choicenumber    printrand                 enterword  inputWrite something     time.sleep5 codepre  pI want to be able to input words in the console while, strongat the same timestrong, have random numbers appear in the console. But a new number only appears once I input a word. What is the best way to make both these commands run at the same timep  pDo I need to make a thread or is there something simpler I can do And if I need to make a thread can you please give a little help on how I would create itp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI need the following and im turning around the thing but cant get a clean way on doing itp  pSome products needs to belong to x category, if a customer buy one of those products, all the rest of the products behind that category should get outofstock or unpublished.p  pSo i need a way to create a function that could run once a product is sold and then find all those products with same category and change their metadata, in this case i will solve the rest of the thing just changing the outofstock meta, but knowing that i guess i will also be able to edit any other post meta value.p  pI know how to update a meta value, i cant imagine how to hookfilter the rest. Any ideas Thanksp
Negative 802 pI am using phonegap 3.1.0 with IOS 7.1.2 When I relunch my app  my codewindow.localStoragecode parameters  reset.p  pI am using this code in my application     window.localStorage.setItemkuku, value. After relunching the application     window.localStorage.getItemkuku retuen nullp  pDoes anybody know how to solve this problemp
Negative 802 pI am trying to design a responsive webpage using bootstrap. I have the following HTML structurep  precodeltdiv classcontainergt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classcollg8 colsm8gt             ltdiv classwellgtltPage content heregtltdivgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classcollg4 colsm4gt             ltdiv classwellgt                 ltform classformhorizontal roleformgt                     ltForm elements heregt                 ltformgt             ltdivgt         ltdivgt     ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pNow, I want the codediv.wellcode inside codediv.collg4code to be fixed positioned. So when I add codestylepositionfixedcode to the codediv.wellcode, the default responsive width which it inherits from its parent that is 33.33 gets reduced and the form elements gets shrunk. Any suggestions on how I can fix thisp
Negative 802 pi m working with signup form.i  m sending request to the service with username ,password and other details.after successful signup im storing that data to the database using hibernate save sessionfactory.but here the password which im sending , im getting null pointer exception for this as  in the database this password is in the encrypted form and in the response im not getting the password field so may be because of this ,its set to null.anybody can tell me how can i overcome this error im calling userservice from usercontrollerp  ppre method postsignup in usercontrollerprep  precodeUserService userService  new UserService             return userService.Registeruser  ltpregt    this is my userservice.java    ltpregt        String name  user.getUserName             String email  user.getUserEmail             String password  user.getUserPassword              JSONObject jsondata  new JSONObject               jsondata.putuserEmail, email             jsondata.putuserName, name             jsondata.putuserPassword, password codepre  pre    i m getting response in thispre  precode    User u  respone.getBody codepre  pre    and i m inserting this into the database by using      return userDao.insertu and this is the implementation of my method pre  precodepublic String insertUser user             try         return Stringthis.sessionFactory.getCurrentSession.saveuser.toString         catchException e             System.out.printlnin catch             e.printStackTrace             return failed          codepre  preany help for this. this is my logpre  precodeSEVERE Servlet.service for servlet [dispatcherServlet] in context with path [tablename] threw exception [Request processing failed nested exception is java.lang.NullPointerException] with root cause java.lang.NullPointerException     at com.commonslot.services.UserService.RegisterUserService.java150     at com.commonslot.controllers.UserController.postsignupDataUserController.java59     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeUnknown Source     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeUnknown Source     at org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeInvocableHandlerMethod.java219     at org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeForRequestInvocableHandlerMethod.java132     at org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.invokeAndHandleServletInvocableHandlerMethod.java104     at org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.invokeHandleMethodRequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java745     at org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.handleInternalRequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java686     at org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.handleAbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.java80     at org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatchDispatcherServlet.java925     at org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doServiceDispatcherServlet.java856     at org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequestFrameworkServlet.java936     at org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doPostFrameworkServlet.java838     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java644     at org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.serviceFrameworkServlet.java812     at javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.serviceHttpServlet.java725     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java291     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206     at org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilterWsFilter.java52     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java239     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java330     at org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invokeFilterSecurityInterceptor.java118     at org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilterFilterSecurityInterceptor.java84     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilterExceptionTranslationFilter.java113     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilterSessionManagementFilter.java103     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilterAnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java113     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilterSecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java154     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilterRequestCacheAwareFilter.java45     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterBasicAuthenticationFilter.java150     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilterAbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java199     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilterLogoutFilter.java110     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternalWebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java50     at org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilterOncePerRequestFilter.java107     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilterSecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java87     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxyVirtualFilterChain.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java342     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternalFilterChainProxy.java192     at org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterFilterChainProxy.java160     at org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegateDelegatingFilterProxy.java346     at org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilterDelegatingFilterProxy.java259     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.internalDoFilterApplicationFilterChain.java239     at org.apache.catalina.core.ApplicationFilterChain.doFilterApplicationFilterChain.java206     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardWrapperValve.invokeStandardWrapperValve.java219     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardContextValve.invokeStandardContextValve.java106     at org.apache.catalina.authenticator.AuthenticatorBase.invokeAuthenticatorBase.java503     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardHostValve.invokeStandardHostValve.java136     at org.apache.catalina.valves.ErrorReportValve.invokeErrorReportValve.java79     at org.apache.catalina.valves.AbstractAccessLogValve.invokeAbstractAccessLogValve.java610     at org.apache.catalina.core.StandardEngineValve.invokeStandardEngineValve.java88     at org.apache.catalina.connector.CoyoteAdapter.serviceCoyoteAdapter.java526     at org.apache.coyote.http11.AbstractHttp11Processor.processAbstractHttp11Processor.java1078     at org.apache.coyote.AbstractProtocolAbstractConnectionHandler.processAbstractProtocol.java655     at org.apache.coyote.http11.Http11ProtocolHttp11ConnectionHandler.processHttp11Protocol.java146     at org.apache.tomcat.util.net.JIoEndpointSocketProcessor.runJIoEndpoint.java277     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorkerUnknown Source     at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutorWorker.runUnknown Source     at org.apache.tomcat.util.threads.TaskThreadWrappingRunnable.runTaskThread.java61     at java.lang.Thread.runUnknown Source codepre
Negative 802 pRecently I asked a question regarding this a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions25860589joiningappendingdifferenttablestogetherinmicrosoftsqlserver25862376noredirect1comment4050751625862376JoiningAppending different tables together in Microsoft SQL Servera I have the following query to achieve my goal.p  precodeSELECT patientid AS pid, title, fname, mname, lname, dob, gender, status, idtype,        idno, mtongue, address, phtype, phno, emailid, smsstatus, mailstatus, status,        regcenter, regdate FROM dbo.LABpatientreg WHERE 11 UNION SELECT convertvarchar, patient.pid AS pid, title, fname, mname, lname, dob, sex,        convertvarchar, maritalstatus, AAdhar AS idtype, aadharno,        convertvarchar, LANGUAGE, preshouseno, prescity, presstreet,         SELECT DistName FROM dbo.DISTRICT WHERE DistrictIDpresdistrict,         prespincode AS Address, Mobile AS phtype, mobilephone, NULL AS emailid,        allowsms, allowemail, 1 AS status, Reception AS regcenter, datecreated FROM dbo.patient,      dbo.patientaddress codepre  pIt works but it consumes a lot of time and it reduces the performance. It takes more than 68 seconds to execute. Can anyone suggest a better method for writing an optimized query for the above purpose. p
Negative 802 pI want to develop a web application using websocket.p  pI have found two solutions for this task p  pUsing Spring websocket included in Spring 4  I am already familiarized with Springp  pUsing Atmosphere framework  Ive read the docs, it seems to be a mature framework.p  pI want from the websocket framework to provide a fallbacksupport in case when the browser isnt HTML5 compliant, also, I need a clientlibrary for android.p  pI see that Atmosphere provides support for Socket.IO library, which I want to use on browser client side. I see that Spring websocket provides only SockJS support over STOMP.p  pCan I use the same library, Socket.IO, in Spring websocketp  pDo you recommend me to use Atmosphere  Spring for building the RESTFul API in the same projectp  pThank youp
Negative 802 pIm preprocessing some data from sensorcreated files into the format required for external analysis ultimately, it needs to be output as a CSV.  The end goal is something like this p  precode1   C3  C4  Cz  Pz  AllSites    2   C3  C4  Cz  Pz  AllSites    3   C3  C4  Cz  Pz  AllSites 5023.9 0   0   0   0   0       5315.0 0   0   0   0   0       0915.0 0   0   0   0   0 5024.9 1   0   0   1   0       5316.0 1   0   0   1   0       0916.1 0   0   1   0   0 5026.0 1   0   0   0   0       5317.1 1   0   0   1   0       0917.1 0   0   1   0   0 5027.0 1   0   0   1   0       5318.1 1   1   1   0   0       0918.1 0   0   1   1   0 5028.0 0   1   0   0   0       5319.2 1   0   0   0   0       0919.2 0   0   1   0   0 5029.1 1   1   1   1   1       5320.2 1   0   0   1   0       0920.2 0   0   1   0   0 5030.2 0   1   1   0   0       5321.2 1   0   0   0   0       0921.2 0   0   0   1   0 5031.2 0   0   0   0   0       5322.3 0   0   0   0   0       0922.3 0   0   0   1   0 codepre  pEach set of columns is data from one session.  The only catch is that sessions are of inequal length and thus each group has a different number of observations, so at the moment, its all in a list instead of a data frame.  I have found a few different ways of exporting to CSV e.g., a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions19330949rhowtosavelistsintocsvthis questiona, but they all involve converting to a data frame first. How do I export a list to CSV without converting it to a data frame firstp  pN.B. I also found a bunch of questions about exporting a list of data frames to a series of CSV files, but for this application, all the data frames need to be in a single CSV.p
Negative 802 pI have a problem with angularjs 1.3.0. I know it is not a stable version. Here is the link to the Plunker a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditWpUkLJSVFCSEAi3krjB7ppreview relnofollowPlunker Examplea. Basically if you look at this portion of the htmlp  precodeltp datangifmyForm.handle.pendinggt    Pending request ... ltpgt codepre  pit has a ngif directive. So the problem appears with the ngAnimate watch the console it can not resolve the promise. If you change ngif to ngshow it works fine. In order to recreate the problem start typing into the input and watch the console.  The errorp  precodeTypeError Cannot read property then of undefined at Object.fn httprun.plnkr.coFWPMsCs7D1fTDzihangularjs1.3.0.js219128 at k.digest httprun.plnkr.coFWPMsCs7D1fTDzihangularjs1.3.0.js118149 at k.apply httprun.plnkr.coFWPMsCs7D1fTDzihangularjs1.3.0.js121157 at l httprun.plnkr.coFWPMsCs7D1fTDzihangularjs1.3.0.js77491 at u httprun.plnkr.coFWPMsCs7D1fTDzihangularjs1.3.0.js82276 at XMLHttpRequest.E.onreadystatechange httprun.plnkr.coFWPMsCs7D1fTDzihangularjs1.3.0.js83343  codepre
Negative 802 pI want to schedule an alarm with AlarmManager, using input from my GUI. p  pAs an example, I want the alarm to fire off at 1815 so I have 2 int variables representing hours and minutes. I try to parse them with SimpleDateFormat but it doesnt seem to work. Any ideas why p  pEdit The problem is that the alarm doesnt seem to trigger. Im guessing its because the SDF isnt doing what I want it to do. But I dont know what to do to fix it.p  precodepublic void setAlarm      int hour  18     int minute  15     String myTime  String.valueOfhour    String.valueOfminute      Date date  null      SimpleDateFormat sdf  new SimpleDateFormatHHmm     try           date  sdf.parsemyTime       catch ParseException e           e.printStackTrace           if date  null          timeInMs  date.getTime  System.currentTimeMillis           Intent intent  new Intentthis, AlarmClockRingRing.class     PendingIntent action  PendingIntent.getActivitythis, 0,intent, 0      AlarmManager am  AlarmManager getSystemServiceALARMSERVICE     am.setAlarmManager.RTCWAKEUP, timeInMs, action  codepre  pthankful for any help.p  pMarcusp
Negative 802 pI have a mutable attributed string without NSStrikethroughStyleAttributeName attribute like thisp  precodeNSMutableAttributedString str1  [[NSMutableAttributedString alloc] initWithStringaaaa attributesNSStrikethroughStyleAttributeName[NSNumber numberWithIntegerNSUnderlineStyleSingle]] codepre  pand another mutable attributed string with NSStrikethroughStyleAttributeName attribute like thisp  precodeNSMutableAttributedString str2  [[NSMutableAttributedString alloc] initWithStringbbbb] codepre  pand a whole string containing two strings abovep  precodeNSMutableAttributedString labelString  [[NSMutableAttributedString alloc] init] [labelString appendAttributedStringstr1] [labelString appendAttributedStringstr2] codepre  pwhen I attach the whole string to a UILabelp  precodelabel.attributedText  labelString codepre  pIt both display well in iOS7 and iOS8, like thisp  pdelaaaadelbbbbp  pBut when I exchange their positionsp  precode[labelString appendAttributedStringstr2] [labelString appendAttributedStringstr1] codepre  pIt display correctly in iOS7 but not correctly in iOS8p  pios7  bbbbdelaaaadel          ios8 bbbbaaaap  pIt seems that in iOS8, UILabel doesnt render the strikethrough correctly if the first character in the attributed string is not strikethroughed. I think this is a bug in iOS8, is there anyone who encounter the same problem with mep
Negative 802 pI am trying to install the Azure SDK for PHP on an Azure Website using the composer method outlines in a hrefhttpazure.microsoft.comenusdocumentationarticlesphpdownloadsdk relnofollowhttpazure.microsoft.comenusdocumentationarticlesphpdownloadsdka, but the composer installation has failed every time when it gets to  Installing microsoftwindowsazure devmaster 97e77ce.p  pThis is what happens every timep  precodeLoading composer repositories with package information Initializing PEAR repository httppear.php.net Installing dependencies including requiredev  Installing microsoftwindowsazure devmaster 97e77ce Cloning 97e77ce744ecc2d3d9584b4df6982dc836489faf Failed to download microsoftwindowsazure from source Unable to kill the process Now trying to download from dist  Installing microsoftwindowsazure devmaster 97e77ce Downloading connection... [ComposerDownloaderTransportException] The httpsapi.github.comreposWindowsAzureazuresdkforphpzipball97e77ce744ecc2d3d9584b4df6982dc836489faf file could not be downloaded HTTP1.1 404 Not Found install [prefersource] [preferdist] [dryrun] [dev] [nodev] [noplugins] [nocustominstallers] [noscripts] [noprogress] [vvvvvvverbose] [ooptimizeautoloader] [packages1] ... [packagesN]  codepre  pMy composer.json filep  precode require      microsoftwindowsazure  ,           repositories [              type pear,         url httppear.php.net      ], minimumstability dev  codepre  pDoes anyone know what the problem isp
Negative 802 pOriginal question How to use the VOLUME instruction in Dockerfilep  pstrongRevisedstrong update from the answer below, so the actual question I want to solve is  how to mount host volumes into docker containers in Dockerfile during build, i.e., having the codedocker run v exportexportcode capability during codedocker buildcode.p  pstrongUpdatestrong So the answer is Not possible. I can accept it as an answer as I know the issue has been extensively discussed at a hrefhttpsgithub.comdockerdockerissues3156httpsgithub.comdockerdockerissues3156a. I can understand that portability is a paramount issue for docker developer but as a docker user, I have to say Im very disappointed about this missing feature. Let me close my argument with a quote from aforementioned discussion emI would like to use Gentoo as a base image but definitely dont want  1GB of Portage tree data to be in any of the layers once the image has been built. You could have some nice a compact containers if it wasnt for the gigantic portage tree having to appear in the image during the install.em Yes, I can use wget or curl to download whatever I need, but the fact that merely a portability consideration is now forcing me to download  1GB of Portage tree each time I build a Gentoo base image is neither efficient nor user friendly. Further more, the package repository WILL ALWAYS be under usrportage, thus ALWAYS PORTABLE under Gentoo. Again, I respect the decision, but please allow me expressing my disappointment as well in the mean time. Thanks.p  pOriginal question in detailsp  pFrom p  pstrongShare Directories via Volumesstrongbr a hrefhttpdocker.readthedocs.orgenv0.7.3useworkingwithvolumeshttpdocker.readthedocs.orgenv0.7.3useworkingwithvolumesap  pit says that Data volumes feature have been available since version 1 of the Docker Remote API. My docker is of version 1.2.0, but I found the example given in above article not workingp  precode BUILDUSING docker build t data .  RUNUSING docker run name DATA data FROM busybox VOLUME [varvolume1, varvolume2] CMD [usrbintrue] codepre  pWhats the proper way in Dockerfile to mount hostmounted volumes into docker containers,  via the VOLUME commandp  precode aptcache policy lxcdocker lxcdocker   Installed 1.2.0   Candidate 1.2.0   Version table   1.2.0 0         500 httpsget.docker.ioubuntu dockermain amd64 Packages         100 varlibdpkgstatus   cat Dockerfile  FROM          debiansid  VOLUME        [export] RUN ls l export CMD ls l export   docker build t data . Sending build context to Docker daemon  2.56 kB Sending build context to Docker daemon  Step 0  FROM          debiansid  gt 77e97a48ce6a Step 1  VOLUME        [export]  gt Using cache  gt 59b69b65a074 Step 2  RUN ls l export  gt Running in df43c78d74be total 0  gt 9d29a6eb263f Removing intermediate container df43c78d74be Step 3  CMD ls l export  gt Running in 8e4916d3e390  gt d6e7e1c52551 Removing intermediate container 8e4916d3e390 Successfully built d6e7e1c52551   docker run data total 0   ls l export  wc       20     162    1131   docker v Docker version 1.2.0, build fa7b24f codepre
Negative 802 pIm in the process of getting a new job as a pentester and I figured itd be useful to get more aquainted with bash. Im having trouble with thisp  precodebinbash  for ip in cat webSerVer.txt grep 192.168.19cut d  f5do  nmap ip script smbosdiscovery.nse gt smbosdiscovery.txt  done codepre  pI get the following errorp  precodeNSE failed to initialize the script engine usrbin..sharenmapnsemain.lua685 Bad script rule     smbosdiscovery.nse gt  lteofgt expected near char226 stack traceback     [C] in function error     usrbin..sharenmapnsemain.lua685 in function getchosenscripts     usrbin..sharenmapnsemain.lua1271 in main chunk     [C] in   QUITTING codepre  pWhat am I missing to make this script run Nmap against all of the IPs If I run codecat webSerVer.txt grep 192.168.19cut d  f5code  I get a list of IPs, so I know this is correct.p  pMy nmap command seems to be the line causing issues.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pThis is a complete nightmare. All Im trying to do is get my Win 8.1 to recognize my Galaxy S2, so I dont have to run the android emulator, but can run my apps straight from android studio on my phone.p  pThis is what Ive done so farp  ol lipInstalled Samsung USB Drivers twicepli lipInstalled Samsung KIASpli lipTried 3 different cables on 3 different ports on my laptop. Two of the cables came with my Samsung Note. The cables work fine with other phones.pli lipTyped 7... code and an ModemUSB interface came up, I selected USB.pli lipEnabled USB Debugging on the phone.pli ol  pRestarted my comp countless times, still nothing..p  pWhat I noticed is weirdp  ol lipPhone doesnt even show up under Other Devices on the device manager or anywhere else.pli lipWhen I enable USB Mass Storage on the phone, nothing happens.pli ol  pAny other suggestions bis there any other way I can run my apps on the phone while coding is it possible to run it through blutoothbp  pMy phone specs SAMSUNGSGHI727 Android 4.0.4p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have some view controllers in my program that require some data and direction to run. They have a data source and delegate property that are set when they are initialized emmaybe this is the problemem. After using these for a while, the abstraction is becoming a pain for simple use cases where the data does not change. The pain is that each caller needs to implement the standard datasource and delegate methods that these controllers require.p  pThe solution More abstraction It is very tempting to make a middle manager and use something likep  precodeself.myVC  [[MyViewController alloc] init] id myVCSimpleDataSourceAndDelegate  [[MyVCSimpleDataSourceAndDelegate alloc] init] myVCSimpleDataSourceAndDelegate.data  [1, 2, 3] myVC.dataSource  myVCSimpleDataSourceAndDelegate myVC.delegate  myVCSimpleDataSourceAndDelegate [self.navigationController pushViewControllermyVC animatedYES] codepre  pThis approach is attractive because, for example, my main view controller deals with several codeMyViewControllercodes, with just a couple different use cases. Currently this makes the majority of code in my main view controller focused on that management, which this would relieve.p  pThe scary part of this approach is that I have not heard of this pattern before and I am leery to invent new kinds of abstractions.p  pstrongIs this middle manager a known design pattern, or is this approach an MVC antipatternstrongp
Negative 802 pI have an image that is to be displayed in about four different sizes depending on which activity the user is viewing. For instance a ListView will show one size, a GridView will show one size, a slide show will show one size, etc. If I use Picasso, will it download the image once or will it download one image for each size Of course, I am taking into account that Picasso caches images which is what I want. The key point here is that I have a single url for the image since it is one image. p  pNote that to keep the example simple, I mention one image. But of course I am talking about a set of images each of which needs to be manipulated as mentioned in the paragraph above.p
Negative 802 pFrom the Chrome console window of my Chrome app, Im making these callsp  precodewindow.navigator.appVersion.matchChrome. [1] 37.0.2062.120 chrome.identity.getProfileUserInfoconsole.log undefined codepre  pWhy is the callback console.log never called  It should print a userInfo object returned wo needing network IO.  Im getting no callback in the console, or in the code run in my app.p  pThe API is here a hrefhttpsdeveloper.chrome.comappsidentitymethodgetProfileUserInfo relnofollowhttpsdeveloper.chrome.comappsidentitymethodgetProfileUserInfoap  pWhat did I missp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pEmacs has the nice property of being able to access any command using MetaX and typing the name of the command with completion.  Does IntelliJ have such a feature  For example, I installed the line sorter plugin, but I keep forgetting what keybinding I set for it because I use it rarely.  In Emacs Id do Mx sortlines.  p
Negative 802 pIve got a file containing something like thisp  precodecommandcommand2value command3valuevalue2 codepre  pI need to replace all  with .p  pWhen using sedp  precodesed i s.g old gt new codepre  pi get an error messagep  precode  sed e expression 1, char 7 unterminated s command codepre  pAny leadsp
Negative 802 pI have looked online for a navigation event but I didnt see a way to implement this. Certainly I must be missing something, does anyone know how to call a function right after the WPF webbrowser navigates to a new page each time it navigates p
Negative 802 pI am new to programming.p  pI was doing a homework, and I got a question about this codep  precodedo      int i4        while true codepre  pWhy is this loop endlessp
Negative 802 pI have postponed all updates for Xcode and iPad till now. So I updated my Xcode to 6.0.1 and iPad to iOS 8. But not some features in my app behave and look different. Also now I have this anointing transparent top bar. So I took 6.1 SKD from my old 4.2 xcode ad put it in the new Xcode, not I can set base SKD and deployment to 6.1. But it did not helped, It still look different like on iOS 8. So how can I run my app as 6.1 on iOS 8p
Negative 802 pI would like to use LibreSSL instead of OpenSSL on Windows, but I found no distribution yet. Did I miss it Or is there a not too complicated way to compile it myselfp
Negative 802 pI downloaded and ran mobile backend starter sample code by following all the steps required, and yes it worked.p  pI tried to add a custom Kind e.g Person to the data store, still no problem.p  pI get the fatal error Whenever I tried to list the Person Kind. When i debug the code, It I realized that listCloudQuery query method of CloudBackend class doesnt get the properties of the custom Kind Person. p  pThe same code runs if the kind Person replaced with Guestbook.p  pAny ideasp
Negative 802 pI am trying to convert structure like this some nested xmlhtmlp  precodeltdivgta comment   ltdivgtan answerltdivgt   ltdivgtan answer     ltdivgta replyltdivgt     ...   ltdivgt   ... ltdivgt ... codepre  pstrongclarificationstrong it can be formatted like codeltdivgta commentgtltdivgtan answerltdivgtcode or in any other way not prettified etcp  pwhich has multiple nodes of different depthp  pto corresponding list structure which has parent codeltulgtcode tags i.e. ordinary html listp  precodeltulgt   ltligt1     ltulgt       ltligt2ltligt       ...    ltulgt   ltligt   ... ltulgt codepre  pI tried to use BeautifulSoup like thisp  precodefrom bs4 import BeautifulSoup as BS  bs  BSsourcexml for i in bs.findalldiv     i.name  i   but it only replaces div tags to li tags, I still need to add ul tags  I can iterate through indentation levels like this, but I still cant figure how to separate a group of tags located on the same level to add the ul tag to them for i in bs.findalldiv, recursiveFalse      how to wrap the following iterated items in ul tag     for j in i.findalldiv, recursiveFalse          ... codepre  phow can one add codeltulgtcode tags in right places I dont care about pretty printing etc, I need valid html structure with ul and li tags, tnx...p
Negative 802 pTo me it has always seemed simpler to represent absolute times without involving timezones. The only benefit I can think of for W3C String over Integer is the concern about 32bits running out in the 2030s.p
Negative 802 pWhy does the Date below change to 20140707 when converted to POSIXctp  precodeSys.setenvTZAmericaSaoPaulo d lt as.Date20140708, formatYmd d [1] 20140708 as.POSIXctd [1] 20140707 210000 BRT codepre
Negative 802 pI have the following stored in a stringp  precodeltDOCTYPE html PUBLIC W3CDTD XHTML 1.0 TransitionalEN httpwww.w3.orgTRxhtml1DTDxhtml1transitional.dtdgt lthtml ...gt    ltbodygt               ltuicompositiongt              lthformgt             ltcorejsfplanet namemercury                              imageresource[imagesMercury.gif]gt           lthformgt            ltuicompositiongt    ltbodygt lthtmlgt  codepre  pI know that it is a valid XML file so I am using XElement.Parse to read it but I detected that it is not preserving the whitespaces between the codenamecode and codeimagecode attributes. p  pI am reading the XML using the LoadOptions.PreserveWhitespace. All the other whitespaces are being preserved except the ones between attributes.p  pAny idea whyp  pthanksp
Negative 802 pIve been going through the posts regarding summarizing data, but havent seem to have found what Im looking for. p  pI wish to create a summary counttable which will allow me to see how often a certain medication was given to patients. The fact that some patients received multiple medications simultaneously doesnt matter, because I simply want a summary of all the medication given and then calculate which percentage each medication class is of all medication given. The issue is, that I dont know the names of the possible medication given, theyre hidden somewhere in the codedata.framecode, thus, I have to specify which columns R would have to look through first to create a list by which it can then summarize the columns. p  pI anticipate that this points towards the codeplyrcode package but my attempts to use the functions in it correctly havent worked until now. p  pMy codedfcode looks something like thisp  precodex lt sampleletters[14], 20, replace  TRUE y lt sampleletters[15], 20, replace  TRUE z lt sampleletters[16], 20, replace  TRUE dfltdata.framex,y,z headdf   x y z 1 a a f 2 a c d 3 b b e 4 c d b 5 a a b 6 c d d codepre  pas you can see, the codedata.framecode contains three columns which have the same but also different letters, indicating the name of the medication given.p  pWhat Id now like to do is create a list of unique characters, p  precodeuniquex uniquey uniquez codepre  pwhich serves as my reference list by which R can then summarize the counts in each column. p  precodesummarydf codepre  preturns a summary of counts of each column but not of each ID itself and also without a percentage of all unique counts. p  pI also tried the following, which sort of goes in the right direction, but ideally, Id like to have a list of unique characters, which I can feed to the codelengthcode argumentp  precodeddplydf, .x, summarize, countslengthuniquey codepre  pAny idea how I could do this Help much appreciated. p
Negative 802 pI am trying to set icons for my codeQPushButtonscode. I was only able to do so by putting the full path into the codeQPixmapcode constructor.p  pSomething like this worksp  precodembuttongtsetIconQPixmapCUsersDesktopprojectimgpic.png codepre  pSo I think the problem does not come from the resource files. However, putting the image into my root directory does not display anything.p  pSo this didnt workp  precodembuttongtsetIconQPixmap.dog.png codepre  pI initially wanted to create an image folder inside my project but that didnt work either.p  precodembuttongtsetIconQPixmap.imgdog.png codepre
Negative 802 pstrongScenariostrong Exactly I am translating a my own codeObjectiveCcode library to enable the same functionality to codeAndroidcode development using codeJavacode which is, a codeSingletoncode contains a codeHashtableltString, Vgtcode codeNSMutableDictionary in ObjectiveCcode to facilitate programmer to codeinjectcode and codepopcode values based on codekeyvalue codingcode. The code is as follows...p  pstrongSingleton.javastrongp  precodeimport java.util.Hashtable  public class SingletonltVgt       private static volatile Singleton sharedInstance  null      private HashtableltString, Vgt sharedHashtable      private Singleton           sharedHashtable  new HashtableltString, Vgt           public static Singleton getSharedInstance           if sharedInstance  null               sharedInstance  new Singleton                   return sharedInstance           public void injectString key, V value           sharedHashtable.putkey, value           public V popValueString key           return sharedHashtable.getkey       codepre  pstrongMain.javastrong p  precodepublic class Main       public static void mainString[] args            Part 1          SingletonltStringgt stringVersion  Singleton.getSharedInstance          stringVersion.injectRAMStringKey, Hello I am Using SO          String string  stringVersion.popValueRAMStringKey           Part 2          SingletonltIntegergt integerVersion  Singleton.getSharedInstance          integerVersion.injectRAMIntegerKey, 5          Integer integer  integerVersion.popValueRAMIntegerKey          System.out.printlnstring         System.out.printlninteger           Part 3          String anotherString  Singleton.getSharedInstance.popValueRAMStringKey  Error27, 70 java incompatible types java.lang.Object cannot be converted to java.lang.String        codepre  pstrongProblemstrong I have succeeded to achieve strong typing therefore I can inject any object String or Integer and pop any object. But in the Part 3 I am trying to do the same on the fly in single line but it is giving an errorp  precodeError27, 70 java incompatible types java.lang.Object cannot be converted to java.lang.String  codepre  pI am really trying to do something likep  precodeString anotherString  SingletonltStringgt.getSharedInstance.popValueRAMKey  codepre  pbut it is not allowed. p  pstrongHow can I create a singleton in a single line exactly like in part 3strong  Can anyone help me to achieve that  Where should I make the changep  pstrongTipstrong Part 3 is the single line version of Part 1p
Negative 802 pI want to copy the files that have been created two days ago from a folder to an other.p  pThis is my codep  precodesrc  homeuser dst  vartmpbackuptmp  twodays  datetime.now  timedeltadays2 filetime  datetime.fromtimestamppath.getctimesrc  for file in os.listdirsrc   if file not in os.listdirdst and os.path.isfilefile     if filetime lt twodays        print File is more than two days old     else        shutil.copyos.path.joinsrc, file, dst codepre  pI do not have any errors when I run the script but the files not copy to my destination folder.p  pCan you help me to find where is the wrong with thisp  pBRs, Spyros  p
Negative 802 pI am a bit confused on how to make CloudFront work as a CDN under SSL.p  pMy whole website runs under HTTPS, by using a notselfsigned wildcard SSL Certificate lets say a hrefhttpswww.mysite.com relnofollowhttpswww.mysite.comap  pI created a new distribution in CloudFront, setting mysite.com as origin, and setting only HTTPS as behaviour, and match view protocol.p  pWhen in my html in insertp  precodeltlink relstylesheet typetextcss hrefXXXX.cloudfront.netcssstyle.css gt codepre  pthis generates an HTTP request and that the browser blocks. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsJ75K.png altGeneral Optionsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comd1lZs.png altOriginsp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comx0Ops.png altBehavioursp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comADN8f.png altGoogle Chrome network panelp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comxehVM.png altGoogle Chrome console log errorp
Negative 802 pI am trying to clean up an existing code base, and am having trouble with using a generic reference name to the different derived classes of an abstract class.p  pFor instancep  precodepublic abstract class BaseltTgt  Utilities.CommonRequiredObject      protected ListltTgt RawContents  new ListltTgt     .     .      public abstract void LoadContentsListltTgt Contents         Each Class needs to load and process differently     protected ListltTgt Contents      public virtual void DoSomething            Default here for common use. Defined in Each class for its specifics if needed          ...          public abstract ListltTgt FunctionToGetContents    public class FOO  Baseltstringgt      public override void DoSomething ...     public override Listltstringgt FunctionToGetContents ...   public class BAR  Baseltbytegt      public override void DoSomething ...     public override Listltbytegt FunctionToGetContents ...  codepre  pMain Logic to try to use common variable.  I want to create a new class to use, but want to use it then in a runtime polymorphic way. As the classes have the common functionality, and have overrides where needed, I want to be able to create an instance, and then use itp  precodeIE BaseltTgt ObjectToUse codepre  pThis way, I can simply refer to the codeObjectToUsecode in the following code and call common methods.  As I inherited some common routines from another base class, I am not sure if I can use an interface or not.p  precodeifvariable      FOO ObjectToUse  new FOO  else      BAR ObjectToUse  new BAR   ObjectToUse.LoadContentsObjectToUse.FunctionToGetContents ObjectToUse.DoSomething ... codepre  pEdit Based on the comments I received quickly thanks again everyone would it be better than to remove the Generic codeBaseltTgtcode and have the classes all of type Base, then I could define the codeObjectToUsecode simply as codeBase ObjectToUsecode I believe.p
Negative 802 phave a tablep  ul liCUSTOMERIDli liSTARTli liENDli liAMOUNTli ul  pNeed to have a resultp  ul liCUSTOMERIDli li30 DAYS AVG AMOUNTli li15 DAYS AVG AMOUNTli li5 DAYS AVG AMOUNTli ul  pThis is my Queryp  precodeSELECT CUSTOMERID,     CASE          WHEN STARTDT gt SYSDATE  5             AND ENDDT gt SYSDATE  5             THEN AVGAMOUNT         ELSE 0         END AS FIVE,     CASE          WHEN                  STARTDT BETWEEN SYSDATE  5                     AND SYSDATE  15                              AND                  ENDDT BETWEEN SYSDATE  5                     AND SYSDATE  15                              THEN AVGAMOUNT         ELSE 0         END AS FIFTEEN,     CASE          WHEN                  STARTDT BETWEEN SYSDATE  15                     AND SYSDATE  30                              AND                  ENDDT BETWEEN SYSDATE  15                     AND SYSDATE  30                              THEN AVGAMOUNT         ELSE 0         END AS THIRTY FROM MYTABLE WHERE 1  1     AND STARTDT gt SYSDATE  30     AND AMOUNT gt 0 GROUP BY CUSTOMERID,     STARTDT,     ENDDT codepre  pIt seems like I am not doing it right, since I am getting too many zeroes, but they should not be there since I filter by AMOUNT0  any suggestionsp
Negative 802 pIn my app I am showing user annotationcustom annotation with user thumbnail on map. Whenever User changes location or user moves I also change my annotation position according to user location but right now it has blinking effect as I add and remove annotation on map. I want smooth animation of my annotation whenever user moves. How can I achieve that. p  pI have to remove and add annotation everytime. but removing and adding annotations is not a good approach it creates blinking effect when user is moving or driving. p  pPlzz can anyone help with this issue. p
Negative 802 pAny help would be very appreciatedp  pI want to create an new feed that wil export the product id and the option desctiptions that the product have.p  pExamplep  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltfeedgt     ltproductgt         ltproductidgt001ltproductidgt         ltoptionsgt             ltoptiongtoption1ltoptiongt             ltoptiongtoption2ltoptiongt             ltoptiongtoption3ltoptiongt         ltoptionsgt     ltproductgt ltfeedgt codepre  pMy code isp  pre classlangphp prettyprintoverridecodeltphp class ControllerFeedOptions extends Controller     public function index         output   ltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt        output . ltfeed xmlnshttpwww.sitemaps.orgschemassitemap0.9gt         thisgtloadgtmodelcatalogproduct         products  thisgtmodelcatalogproductgtgetProducts        options  thisgtmodelcatalogproductgtgetProductOptionsproductid        foreach products as product           output . ltproductgt          output . ltproductidgt . product[productid] . ltproductidgt          output . ltoptionsgt          output . ltoptiongt . options[name] . ltoptiongt          output . ltoptionsgt          output . ltproductgt                    output . ltfeedgt         thisgtresponsegtaddHeaderContentType applicationxml        thisgtresponsegtsetOutputoutput        gt codepre  pBut the options are not displaying. It is clear that the options need some more coding. Can you help me with thatp
Negative 802 pI have to insert in a form in a webpage the validity dates from ... to... , but using below method the date is pasted in a format that is not accepted by the webpage, that automatically converts the dates by default from the date of today , to the last day of the yearp  precodeSet ddTool3  doc.GetElementByID ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidTodateInputtext  ddTool3.value  SheetsUpload.RangeA6.value     codepre  pThis are the details of the elementp  precodeElementID  ElementnodeName    ElementType    ElementValue ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFrom  INPUT   text    08072014 ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFromdateInputtext   INPUT   text    07082014 ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFromdateInput    INPUT   text    20140708000000 ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFromdateInputClientState    INPUT   hidden  enabledtrue,emptyMessage,minDateStr782014 000,maxDateStr12312099 000 ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFromcalendarSD  INPUT   hidden  [] ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFromcalendarAD  INPUT   hidden  [[2014,7,8],[2099,12,30],[2014,7,8]] ctl00CphContentRegionPriceListInput1dtValidFromClientState  INPUT   hidden  minDateStr782014 000,maxDateStr12312099 000 codepre
Negative 802 pI have two field in my django form as well as model, One is date other is time . I want to submit date and time in database. But I havent succeeded in it yet. Please suggest some code that can make it possible.p  pform.py p  precodeclass dated1forms.ModelForm     curdateforms.DateField     curtimeforms.TimeFielddatetime.time     class Meta         modeldated codepre  pmodel.pyp  precodeclass datedmodels.Model     curdate  models.DateField     curtime  models.TimeField     def unicodeself         return self.curdate codepre  pview.pyp  precodedef datetime1request     if request.method POST         form  dated1request.POST         if form.isvalid             fdated                 curdaterequest.POSTcurdate,                 curtimerequest.POSTcurtime,                          f.save             return HttpResponseSuccess         else             return HttpResponseFailure     else         form  dated1         return renderrequest, formdatadt.html,form form codepre
Negative 802 pI am interested in building a website in which users can paste in code and run it in various programming languagesprimarily python.p  pHow are online web compilersinterpreters implemented An example would be codepad.org, in which users can paste in code and run it and receive the console output. p  pIs there simply an executable file that compiles the source, runs it under some permissions, and then returns the output If I wanted to implement this myself, would I just need to upload my Python folder with the associated libraries and the python.exe file into a cgibin folder and run itp  pThanks for your help in understanding this issue.p
Negative 802 pIs there a way to take a photo using Xamarin Forms where I can link to the camera roll from the camera view and also over lay an imagep
Negative 802 pWhile installing the codeQuickCheckcode for Haskell GHC 7.8.3 on a OS X Yosemite 10.10 14A389 system running on a Mac Pro 2013 with Xcode 6.1 6A1052d, Im running into the following clang errorp  precode    cabal install QuickCheck Resolving dependencies... Configuring primitive0.5.4.0... Building primitive0.5.4.0... Preprocessing library primitive0.5.4.0... [ 1 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.Internal.Compat  DataPrimitiveInternalCompat.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveInternalCompat.o  [ 2 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.MachDeps  DataPrimitiveMachDeps.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveMachDeps.o  [ 3 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.Internal.Operations  DataPrimitiveInternalOperations.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveInternalOperations.o  [ 4 of 10] Compiling Control.Monad.Primitive  ControlMonadPrimitive.hs, distbuildControlMonadPrimitive.o  [ 5 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.Types  DataPrimitiveTypes.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveTypes.o  [ 6 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.Array  DataPrimitiveArray.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveArray.o   DataPrimitiveArray.hs321 Warning     The import of Control.Monad.ST is redundant       except perhaps to import instances from Control.Monad.ST     To import instances alone, use import Control.Monad.ST [ 7 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.ByteArray  DataPrimitiveByteArray.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveByteArray.o  [ 8 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.Addr  DataPrimitiveAddr.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveAddr.o  [ 9 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive    DataPrimitive.hs, distbuildDataPrimitive.o  [10 of 10] Compiling Data.Primitive.MutVar  DataPrimitiveMutVar.hs, distbuildDataPrimitiveMutVar.o  ld library not found for lgmp clang error linker command failed with exit code 1 use v to see invocation Failed to install primitive0.5.4.0 Configuring random1.1... Building random1.1... Preprocessing library random1.1... [1 of 1] Compiling System.Random     SystemRandom.hs, distbuildSystemRandom.o  ld library not found for lgmp clang error linker command failed with exit code 1 use v to see invocation Failed to install random1.1 cabal Error some packages failed to install QuickCheck2.7.6 depends on random1.1 which failed to install. primitive0.5.4.0 failed during the building phase. The exception was ExitFailure 1 random1.1 failed during the building phase. The exception was ExitFailure 1 tfrandom0.5 depends on random1.1 which failed to install. codepre  pIt seems that the dynamic library codegmpcode is missing. Does somebody have found a solution to this problemp
Negative 802 pSo I am trying to fill a NSString with a few values from my other labels. For example the way I would do this with a NSLog isp  precodeNSLog Score , homeTeam.text, homeScore.text, awayScore.text codepre  pI created my stringp  precodeproperty weak, nonatomic IBOutlet NSString homePushString codepre  pof course I synthesized itp  pbut I can not get the string to set correctly. Here is what I triedp  precode self.homePushString   Score , homeTeam.text, homeScore.text, awayScore.text codepre  pWhy does this not work Thanksp
Negative 802 pI have done quite some research on this topic but am not yet satisfied with the answers that are found. Some say that it doesnt only depend on the size alone, there are many other factors that affect while others say that it needs to be in the size range of few TBs to see the true nature of hadoop. So, what is the minimum input data size to test hadoop functioning over a similar java programsp
Negative 802 pI am trying to get focus on CKEditor after a jquery validation fail. I get into the code to focus section but it doesnt fire correctly. I get undefined is not a function and the line in the focusManager code reads as codethis..editor.fire focus codep  pMy CKEditor is initialised on the actual page, the validation in another and the focusManager script is in another too. How can I get the page to focus on the CKEditor after invalid form processp  precodeinvalidHandler function event, validator  display error alert on form submit     var el  validator.errorList[0].element     if el.hasClasschosen          el.triggerchosenactivate      else if el.hasClassckeditor          CODE TO FOCUS         var name  el, this.attrid         var focusManager  new CKEDITOR.focusManager name          focusManager.focus      else          el.focus      , codepre
Negative 802 pI have a MappedByteBuffer with a portion of it containing the bytes of a PNG file.p  pI want to call BitmapFactory.decodeByteArraybyte[] data, int offset, int lengthp  pDo I have to move the portion of the MappedByteBuffer into a byte[] or is there some way to just pass the MappedByteBufferp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pHow can I encode RSA public key in C so that I can use is later in a Java application  Please, note that I need to do it on the .NET side. Im trying to use BouncyCastle API to achieve this, but I cannot find a single piece of documentation that would describe such functionality.p
Negative 802 pMy application connects to an SSL web service which uses a certificate to verify its identity. Recently, this certificate changed and since it is not signed by a trusted authority, part of my application failed. The services advice to protect against this situation in the future is that I should start trusting the existing certificates signing authority, instead of the individual certificates.p  pstrongHow may this be achieved in Javastrongp  pCurrently Im adding the certificate they provide into a keystore using keytool and composing it into a TrustManagerFactory something likep  precodepublic static TrustManager[] getTrustManagers throws KeyStoreException, NoSuchAlgorithmException, CertificateException, IOException      KeyStore tks  KeyStore.getInstanceKeyStore.getDefaultType     tks.loadStarTrustManagerFactory.class.getResourceAsStreamwebservice.ks, password.toCharArray     TrustManagerFactory tmf  TrustManagerFactory.getInstanceTrustManagerFactory.getDefaultAlgorithm     tmf.inittks     return tmf.getTrustManagers   codepre  pIs there a way of adapting this approach to return a codeTrustManagercode which trusts the signing authority of the certificates I have Additionally, how can I extract the information regarding the signer of the certificate from the certificate I havep  pThanks, Dan.p
Negative 802 pI have an array with objects like this simplefied version, actual array has much more datap  precode[              id 1,         name Joe,         description Student,         locations [              type home,             value 123          ]     ,              id 1,         name Joe,         description Farmer,         locations [              type home,             value 456          ]     ,              id 1,         name Joe,         description ,         locations [              type home,             value 123          ]      ] codepre  pstrongHow can I use javascript lodash to create the following strongp  precode     id 1,     name Joe,     description Farmer,     locations [          type home,         value 123     ,          type home,         value 456      ]  codepre  pThe goal is to create a cleaned up contact object of an array of contact data. So it needs to replace single attributes like name and description in case they are empty. And push objects like location in case its not found in de locations array. I did get some results using .merge, problem is that merge always overrides with last value and doesnt push new values, so result would be something like thisp  precode     id 1,     name Joe,     description ,     locations [          type home,         value 123     ]  codepre
Negative 802 pI try to use CodeIgniter with vagrant machine created with puphpet.p  pThe ip address is code192.168.56.101code and when I try to access the main page I get a loop redirection to codeindex.phplogincodep  pThis code is working when trying to access it from inside the VM, but within the host browser I get a loop...p  pHere is an header from the response  p  precodeRefresh0urlhttp192.168.56.101index.phplogin codepre  pAnd some configuration settings  p  precode applicationconfigconfig.php config[baseurl]  http192.168.56.101 config[indexpage]  index.php codepre  pAny idea  I can post more code if its needed. Thanksp  pEdit  as requested, heres more infos  p  precodeindex.php  defineENVIRONMENT, development                                                                                                                                                                                                                             if definedENVIRONMENT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              switch ENVIRONMENT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     case development                                                                                                                                                                                                                   errorreportingEALL                                                                                                                                                                                                           break                                                                                                                                                                                                                              case testing                                                                                                                                                                                                                     case production                                                                                                                                                                                                                    errorreporting0                                                                                                                                                                                                               break                                                                                                                                                                                                                           default                                                                                                                                                                                                                              exitThe application environment is not set correctly.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   systempath  system                                                                                                                                                                                                  applicationfolder  application                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          if definedSTDIN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    chdirdirnameFILE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             if realpathsystempath  FALSE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    systempath  realpathsystempath.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       systempath  rtrimsystempath, .                                                                                                                                                                                              if   isdirsystempath                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     exitYour system folder path does not appear to be set correctly. Please open the following file and correct this .pathinfoFILE, PATHINFOBASENAME                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               defineSELF, pathinfoFILE, PATHINFOBASENAME                                                                                                                                                                              defineEXT, .php                                                                                                                                                                                                              defineBASEPATH, strreplace, , systempath                                                                                                                                                                           defineFCPATH, strreplaceSELF, , FILE                                                                                                                                                                                  defineSYSDIR, trimstrrchrtrimBASEPATH, , ,                                                                                                                                                                      if isdirapplicationfolder                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         defineAPPPATH, applicationfolder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          else                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     if   isdirBASEPATH.applicationfolder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         if isdirapplicationfolder                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         defineAPPPATH, applicationfolder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          else                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     if   isdirBASEPATH.applicationfolder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         exitYour application folder path does not appear to be set correctly. Please open the following file and correct this .SELF                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     defineAPPPATH, BASEPATH.applicationfolder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                requireonce BASEPATH.coreCodeIgniter.php    codepre  pThe main controller  p  precode applicationcoreMYController.php  class MYController extends CIController                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  public function construct                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              parentconstruct                                                                                                                                                                                                              if thisgtsessiongtuserdatausername  false                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        redirectlogin, refresh                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   codepre  pThe login controller  p  precode applicationcontrollerlogin.php  class Login extends CIController                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         public function index                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    username  thisgtsessiongtuserdatausername                                                                                                                                                                                   if username  false                                                                                                                                                                                                             viewdata  array                                                                                                                                                                                                               viewdata[alert]  thisgtsessiongtflashdataalert                                                                                                                                                                           thisgtloadgtviewlogin,viewdata                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               else                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 redirecthome, refresh                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          public function connect                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             thisgtloadgtmodelusermodel     username  thisgtsessiongtuserdatausername                                                                                                                                                                                   if username  false                                                                                                                                                                                                             postusername  thisgtinputgtpostusername                                                                                                                                                                                    postpassword  thisgtinputgtpostpassword                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     databdd  thisgtusermodelgtgetuserpostusername                                                                                                                                                                            thisgtsessiongtsetflashdataalert, user unknown                                                                                                                                                           foreach databdd as user                                                                                                                                                                                                         thisgtsessiongtflashdataalert                                                                                                                                                                                                 if thisgtencryptgtdecodeusergtUSERPASSWORD  postpassword                                                                                                                                                                  thisgtsessiongtsetuserdatausername,postusername                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             else                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 thisgtsessiongtsetflashdataalert, incorrect password                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              redirectlogin, refresh                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         public function disconnect                                                                                                                                                                                                         thisgtsessiongtunsetuserdatausername                                                                                                                                                                                         redirectlogin, refresh                                                                                                                                                                                                       codepre
Negative 802 pIm banging my head on the wall over this for days and finally decided to post this question since I cant find an answer that matches what Im trying to do.p  pContext Im building a dynamic form building platform that describes form elements in a JSON structure like this  p  precode             name email,         type email,         text Your Email,         model user.profile.email       codepre  pAnd then in the View I have a recursive ngrepeat that includes the field template like this  p  precodeltscript typetextngtemplate idfield.htmlgt     ltdiv ngiffield.type  email classfield.classgt         ltp translatefield.textgtltpgt         ltinput typefield.type namefield.name classformcontrol dynmodelfield.modelgt     ltdivgt ltscriptgt codepre  pAs you see, I use a custom directive dynModel to create the ngmodel attribute with interpolated value of the model from the string value. So far do good.p  pNow I have a more complex scenario in which I have a collection of fields that can be added or removed by clicking on Add button or removeMe button. See below  p  precode                      name urls,             type collection,             text Your Profile URLs,             model user.profile.urls,             items [                                      name url,                     type url,                     text Facebook URL,                     model url                 ,                                      name url,                     type url,                     text Facebook URL,                     model url                              ],             actionbutton                  name add,                 type action,                 action addURL                       ltdiv ngiffield.type  collectiongt     ltbutton classbtn btninfo  dynclick clickactionfield.actionbutton.action clickmodelfield.modelgtfield.actionbutton.textltbuttongt      ltdiv dynngrepeatitem in field.model gt         ltdiv ngrepeatfield in field.items nginclude srcfield.htmlgtltdivgt      ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre  pAs youll notice, I have another custom directive that takes care of interpolation of field.model from the previous ngrepeat not shown.p  pNow to the crux of the issue. As you see in the template, I have nested ngrepeats, the first one iterates through user.profile.urls and the second one iterates through the field parameters in JSON and creates the HTML tags, etc. One of those fields is a button actionbutton that is used to add more URLS to the list. When I click the button, I want it to trigger a function in my controller and effectively add a new child to the parent model user.profile.urls. I then also want each URL, existing and new to have a remove button next to them that will be dynamic and will remove that particular item from the model.p  pIf you see the code above, I have a custom directive dynclick that reads in the p  precodeclickactionfield.actionbutton.action  codepre  pThat contains the function name addURL to be called that resides in my controller and the model p  precodeclickmodelfield.model codepre  puser.profile.urls to which the new item is to be added. This is not working. The reason for this complexity is that I have multiple levels of nesting and at each level there are dynamic elements that need to be interpolated and bound. The directive dynclick looks like this right now  p  precodeexports  module.exports  function ngModule      ngModule.directivedynClick,function          return              restrict A,               link functionscope,element,attrs                  element.clickfunctione, rowid                     scope.clickActionscope.clickModel, scope.index                                              codepre  pWith this code, when I click on the rendered forms Add button, the code in the element.click method above gets executed giving the following error  p  pUncaught TypeError undefined is not a function p  pI have tried a few different things with scope in the dynclick directive, with different errors and none of them have worked completely with two way binding of the model and calling the function as expected. p  pHelpp  pEDIT1  please see the comments p  precode        element.clickfunctione, rowid             scope.evalattrs[clickAction]scope.evalattrs[clickModel], scope.index          codepre  pEDIT2 The plunker is here  a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditDoacjRnO61g4IYodPwWuppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coeditDoacjRnO61g4IYodPwWuppreviewa. Still tweaking it to get it right, but you guys should be able to see the necessary pieces. Thanksp  pEDIT3 Thanks Sebastian. The new plunker is here  a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditZ6ViT7scubMxa17SFgtxppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coeditZ6ViT7scubMxa17SFgtxppreviewa . The issue with the field.items ngrepeat still exists. For some reason the inner ngrepeat is not being executed. Any ideas Josep, Sebastianp
Negative 802 ol liI have WCF method which should create file with some data. li liThis file sometimes will be removed by other system.li liI should append existing file if it exists. li liOther WCF requests should not lost data.li ol  pI thought about different options but looks like that I should implement queue in WCF.p  pMy ideas and attemptsp  ol liWas used TextWriter.Synchronized. I found that Synchronized is working only for instance for which it was created.  li liEach request will create own file. The request which created file with max index should append all files into one. not working while when some request will thing that file is already last new requests will be created  li liSome queue in WCF how its possible to implement  li ol  pTest application emulation of WCF method WritePartToFilep  precodeclass Program      private static string FileFormat  file0.1001     static void Mainstring[] args              int countOfLines  100         var processesCount  200          var files  Directory.GetFilesDirectory.GetCurrentDirectory, .1001         foreach var file in files                      File.Deletefile                   var expectedFilesCount  processesCount  countOfLines         Console.WriteLineTrying to write. Processes  processesCount.ToString  . Lines  countOfLines  . Expected lines  processesCount  countOfLines         var tasks  new ListltTaskgt         for int i  1 i lt processesCount i                      var result  Task.Factory.StartNew gt                              WritePartToFileTask  i.ToString, countOfLines                           tasks.Addresult                   Console.WriteLineWait...         Task.WaitAlltasks.ToArray          var fileName  string.FormatFileFormat,          var lines  0         if File.ExistsfileName                      lines  File.ReadLinesfileName.Count                   if lines  expectedFilesCount                      Console.WriteLineError Total lines    lines    expected   expectedFilesCount                     Console.WriteLineDone. Lines added  lines   Any key to exit.         Console.Read           public static void WritePartToFilestring taskName, int countOfLines               Find free file name.         var fileName  string.FormatFileFormat, temp1          int fileIndex  1         while File.ExistsfileName                      fileIndex             fileName  string.FormatFileFormat, temp  fileIndex                   var logFileStream  new FileStreamfileName, FileMode.Append, FileAccess.Write, FileShare.Read         using var myWriter  new StreamWriterlogFileStream                      for int i  1 i lt countOfLines i                              myWriter.WriteLinetaskName  . Line number   i.ToString  . Guid  Guid.NewGuid.ToString                                 Check is current file has MAX index next index doesnot exists. Merge items doesnot working         var nextFile  string.FormatFileFormat, temp  fileIndex  1         if File.ExistsnextFile                      var destinationFileName  string.FormatFileFormat,               var mergedLines  new Listltstringgt              Merge all files into destination.             var files  Directory.GetFilesDirectory.GetCurrentDirectory, .1001             foreach var file in files                              if File.Existsfile                                      mergedLines.AddRangeFile.ReadAllLinesfile                                            logFileStream  new FileStreamdestinationFileName, FileMode.Append, FileAccess.Write, FileShare.None             using var myWriter  new StreamWriterlogFileStream                              foreach var item in mergedLines                                      myWriter.WriteLineitem                                                codepre  pP.S. I cannot set this WCF method as synchronized because some requests will write data to other files so for them sync is not required.p
Negative 802 pWhen I close the jinternalframe its selected jcombobox data and data added textfeilds stays where it was when it was closingnot saving. brp  pThis is my closing source codep  precodeprivate void formInternalFrameClosingjavax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent evt      try          if no  null              int confirmed  JOptionPane.showConfirmDialognull,                 Are you sure you want to exit the program,                  Exit Program Message Box,                 JOptionPane.YESNOOPTION              if confirmed  JOptionPane.YESOPTION                  this.dispose                            catch Exception e          e.printStackTrace       codepre  pI cant show image but when Im opening that preclosed jinternalframe again every selected data are same on new jinternalfrmae too.p  pI tried this code before. but when I clicked closeing button jinternalframe is not even closing. This is the old codep  precodeNewOrder no try      if no  null          int confirmed  JOptionPane.showConfirmDialognull,             Are you sure you want to exit the program,              Exit Program Message Box,             JOptionPane.YESNOOPTION          if confirmed  JOptionPane.YESOPTION              this.dispose                catch Exception e      e.printStackTrace  codepre  pThis is not even working.. Please help. If you need more explanation please ask. p  pstrongEdited problem again.strong brp  pLets say I filled name and address in internalframe and I closed it with out saving any data.. And if I opened it again those entered data will be there. I use to close the jinternalframe by given first source code. Second source code is not even working.. p
Negative 802 pMatlab offers the possibility to declare the type of methods in a methods block by keywords.p  pThe UnitTestingFramework makes use of this a hrefhttpwww.mathworks.dehelpmatlabmatlabprogwritesetupandteardowncodeusingclasses.html relnofollowExampleap  precodemethodsTestMethodSetup     function createFiguretestCase          comment         testCase.TestFigure  figure     end end codepre  pI am searching for a complete list of available keywords which are allowed to occure between codemethodscode and codecode.p  pI would like to know this, to be able to contribute to an a hrefhttpsbitbucket.orgbirkenfeldsphinxcontribissue81matlabdomainunexpectedattributeerror relnofollowissuea in the SpinxContrib Matlabdomain.p
Negative 802 pI am using Swift to let my app update an item on DynamoDB. I followed the example a hrefhttpsgithub.comawsawssdkiosblobmasterAWSiOSSDKTestsAWSDynamoDBTests.mL244 relnofollowhttpsgithub.comawsawssdkiosblobmasterAWSiOSSDKTestsAWSDynamoDBTests.mL244a, the  voidtestUpdateItem method. My codes are as followsp  precodevar dynamoDB  AWSDynamoDB  var hashValue AWSDynamoDBAttributeValue  AWSDynamoDBAttributeValue hashValue.S  userID var updatedValue AWSDynamoDBAttributeValue  AWSDynamoDBAttributeValue updatedValue.S  updatedContent  var updateInput AWSDynamoDBUpdateItemInput  AWSDynamoDBUpdateItemInput updateInput.tableName  kAWSDynamoDBMoEndpointARNTableName updateInput.key  [UserID hashValue] var valueUpdate AWSDynamoDBAttributeValueUpdate  AWSDynamoDBAttributeValueUpdate valueUpdate.value  updatedValue valueUpdate.action  AWSDynamoDBAttributeAction.Put updateInput.attributeUpdates  [Updated valueUpdate] updateInput.returnValues  AWSDynamoDBReturnValue.UpdatedNew  dynamoDB.updateItemupdateInput.waitUntilFinished codepre  pHowever, as I run the codes, it always returns strongfatal error unexpectedly found nil while unwrapping an Optional valuestrong. Looking into the error, I can find it is from strongSwift.fatalErrorMessage Swift.StaticString, Swift.StaticString, Swift.StaticString, Swift.Uint  strong with strongThread 1 EXCBREAKPOINT codeEXCARMBREAKPOINT, subcode0xe7ffdefestrongp  pI didnt use .continueWithBlock or .continueWithSuccessBlock cuz neither helps to catch the error.p  pAny idea why THANKSp
Negative 802 pI have seen in another post that you can call a JavaScript function in your razor code like sop  precodeFunctionName codepre  pFor me though this only outputs the actual words codeFunctionNamecodep  pHere is my viewp  precodemodel PriceCompare.Models.QuoteModel       ViewBag.Title  Quote   lth2gtQuotelth2gt  if Model.clarify  true       do drop down loic     ShowClarify  else       fill quote     ShowQuote  ltdiv classclarifygt      You can see the clarify div ltdivgt ltdiv classquotegt      You can see the quote div ltdivgt  section head       ltscript typetextjavascriptgt          document.ready             function ShowQuote                  .quote.show             ,             function ShowClarify                  .clarify.show                            ltscriptgt  codepre  pIs it because I have nested it in an if  Anyway around thisp
Negative 802 pI have the following situationp  precodevar answer  three var isClosed  true var condition  answer  null ampamp isClosed codepre  pThe condition is a literal string and its dynamically set by the user. Once they set the condition, I need to evaluate it inside an IFELSE sentencep  precodeifcondition    Do something else    Do something codepre  pCan I do that without using eval How I want to avoid itp  precodeifevalcondition ... codepre  pNOTE This is a simple example, the real situation is a bit complex with dynamic conditions p
Negative 802 pI have a string like this Nid size4date formatmY. Now I needp  ol liparse this string to get ID and DATE tag the string can contain only one of these or bothli liread SIZE and FORMAT value in this case 4 and mYli lireplace the string with this N0030112014 where 30 this is a integer in any case is ID value but I need of 2 zero because SIZE value is 4 and 112014 is the DATE november 2014 in mY format, the format value can change.li ol  pAny idea about how can I do thisp
Negative 802 pI try launch android project and get error p  precodeError Code  2 Output UNEXPECTED TOPLEVEL EXCEPTION com.android.dex.DexException Multiple dex files define LandroidsupportannotationAnimRes codepre  pMy gradle filep  precodeapply plugin com.android.application     android     compileSdkVersion 21    buildToolsVersion 21.1.0     defaultConfig        applicationId nit.livetex.livetexsdktestapp       minSdkVersion 10       targetSdkVersion 21       versionCode 1       versionName 1.0        buildTypes        release           minifyEnabled false          proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.pro               compileOptions        sourceCompatibility JavaVersion.VERSION17       targetCompatibility JavaVersion.VERSION17             dependencies     compile fileslibssdk.jar    compile com.android.supportappcompatv721.0.0      codepre  pI think It occurs because of using supportlibrary in sdk.jar. Where I should add exclude rulep
Negative 802 pUsing C in a Windows in a Kernel Mode Driver using KMDF, how do I determine the owner a of filep  pI searched high and low but could not find any hint. Only C and of course Csharp. p
Negative 802 pI have a Play2 project with submodule and structure like followingp  precode app    models    controllers    views      index.scala.html      main.scala.html  conf  modules    frontend      app        controllers        views          page.scala.html codepre  pModule enabled in build.sbt and both root module and frontend module works as I expected and even controller URLs from both modules can be reversed within each other.p  pBut I cant invoke codemain.scala.htmlcode template from my codepage.scala.htmlcode. When I try to invoke it as usual codemaintitle  ...code I got a compilation error codenot found value maincode. What is the right path would be here for a main templatep  pUpd. I think it should be a SBTaddressed problem. My build.sbt is looks like thisp  precodename  myproject  version  1.0SNAPSHOT  lazy val frontend  project in filemodulesfrontend.enablePluginsPlayScala  lazy val root  project in file..enablePluginsPlayScala.aggregatefrontend.dependsOnfrontend  scalaVersion  2.11.4  libraryDependencies  Seq   org.postgresql  postgresql  9.31102jdbc41,   jdbc,   anorm,   cache,   ws   pipelineStages  Seqrjs, digest, gzip codepre
Negative 802 pI am building an iOS and Android app encapsulated in a Phonegap app, and I cannot figure how to make the keyboard next go to te next number input field. I am encontering the same problem in both iOS and Android. I am using jquery1.11.1.min.js and jquery.mobile1.4.5.min.js. On a website the tab functionallity works to lead to the next field whereas the next one does not work.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode.skicalclegend fontsize 8pt textalign left paddingleft2px          input.skicalcdata.uiinputtext  margintop1px  skicalcresult fontweightbold fontsize20px height 22px lineheight20px textaligncenter backgroundf9f9f9 borderradius 0.2em webkitborderradius 0.2em mozborderradius 0.2em msborderradius 0.2em oborderradius 0.2em padding 5px fontweightbold borderaaaaaa 1px solid mozboxshadow   inset 0 1px 4px rgba0,0,0,.2    webkitboxshadow inset 0 1px 4px rgba0,0,0,.2    boxshadow         inset 0 1px 4px rgba0,0,0,.2 codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltform nameskidataFormgt                     lttable width100 border0 cellspacing0 cellpadding0gt                         lttrgt                              lttd valignbottom classskicalclegend width25 idBIBlablegt                                BIB optional                             lttdgt                             lttd valignbottom classskicalclegend width38gt                                 Ski total lenght LltsubgtTOTltsubgt                             lttdgt                             lttd valignbottom classskicalclegend width37gt                                 Ski lenght rear LltsubgtWltsubgt                             lttdgt                         lttrgt                         lttrgt                             lttd stylepaddingright1px idBIBinputgt                                 ltinput classskicalcdata typenumber size5 maxlength5 namebib idbib valignmiddle tabindex8gt                             lttdgt                                lttd stylepaddingright1pxgt                                 ltinput classskicalcdata typenumber step0.01 min0 size7 maxlength6 namelengthTOT idlengthTOT valignmiddle tabindex10gt                             lttdgt                             lttd stylepaddingleft1pxgt                                 ltinput classskicalcdata  typenumber step0.01 min0 size7 maxlength6 namelengthW idlengthW valignmiddle tabindex12 onblurPreCalcgt                             lttdgt                         lttrgt                     lttablegt                                                              lttable width100 border0 cellspacing0 cellpadding0gt                         lttrgt                             lttd stylepaddingright2px width33gt lt                                ltbutton datathemec typebutton onclickCalculateSki0 tabindex20gtCalculate Rltbuttongtgt                                     ltbutton typebutton classuibtn uibtnc uishadow uicornerall onclickCalculateSki0 tabindex20gtCalculate Rltbuttongt                             lttdgt                             lttd valignmiddle styletextalignrightpaddingright2px classskicalclegend width33gt                                 ltbgtRadius R in mltbgt                             lttdgt                             lttd stylepaddingleft2px width33gt                                 ltdiv idskicalcresultgt                                     ltspan idradiusgtltspangt                                 ltdivgt                             lttdgt                         lttrgt                         lttrgt                             lttd stylepaddingright2pxgt                                 ltbutton typebutton classuibtn uibtnc uishadow uicornerall onclickCalculateSki1 tabindex22gtCalculate Tltbuttongt                             lttdgt                             lttd valignmiddle styletextalignrightpaddingright2px classskicalclegend gt                                 ltbgtRadius with 1.5 tolerance T in mltbgt                             lttdgt                             lttd stylepaddingleft2pxgt                                 ltdiv idskicalcresultgt                                     ltspan idtolerancegtltspangt                                 ltdivgt                             lttdgt                         lttrgt                     lttablegt                     ltdiv idsavebuttongtltdivgt                 ltformgtcodepre div div p
Negative 802 pa foreign key constraint fails codeldatabasecode.codebookcode, CONSTRAINT codebpidcode FOREIGN KEY codebpidcode REFERENCES codepublishcode codepidcode ON DELETE NO ACTION ON UPDATE NO ACTION INSERT INTO codeldatabasecode.codebookcode codebidcode, codetitlecode, codeauthorcode, codebpidcode, codeavailablecode, codelanguagecode VALUES 20, dsp, kevin, 01, 10, engp  pi have created the tables and also inserted values into the publish table.. when i am trying enter values for book table .. due to my misfortune i have encountered this errorp
Negative 802 pI have a question about how to handle culture while parsing doubles. In a system price information from various servers comes together. However the data thats given as input varies in culture. two million and fifty cents is given as br 2.000.000,50br 2,000,000.50br 2000000.50br 2000000,50brp  pis there a generic way to handle these various types of input p
Negative 802 pIm using djangopostoffice along with a cron job to send out emails.p  pThe problem Im facing is that since I use the default priority for all emails, emails are being sent in LIFO order because of the orderbypriority call  which is basically bad.p  pDoes anyone know how can I enforce the FIFO orderp  pThanks and happy codingp
Negative 802 pI tried to implement a Hello Word demo with Spring 4 that maps the  http request to a method call. I found an example doing this but wanted to do the same from scratch. I got it running, the implementation classes application and controller strongdo not deviate from the demostrong but the request mapper in my own app causes an error handler to be called. The differences in the log of the running demo and my appp  blockquote   pthis line is missing in the bad case [ main]   s.w.s.m.m.a.RequestMappingHandlerMapping  Mapped   [],methods[],params[],headers[],consumes[],produces[],custom[]   onto public java.lang.String   com.goodvideotutorials.spring.controllers.RootController.homep blockquote  pCould you please have a look at it and advise me why the request mapping does not work in my case Thank you also in advance. The code sample I copied belowp  precodeApplication  Configuration ComponentScan EnableAutoConfiguration public class Application       public static void mainString[] args          SpringApplication.runApplication.class, args        Controller  RestController public class RootController       RequestMapping     public String home         return Hello World       codepre
Negative 802 pSo i have 2 CAkeyframeanimations on different layers and i want them to run simultaneously. p  pPreviously i tried running them from using dispatchasync. However it didnt worked and the animation were still running in sequence.p  pAfter a bit of search i found that i must use CATransaction to run animations simultaneously. However they are still running in sequence.What is it i am doing wrong here.p  precode[CATransaction begin] self.btn1.frame  bezierPathPoint CAKeyframeAnimation keyframeAnimation  [CAKeyframeAnimation animationWithKeyPathposition] keyframeAnimation.duration  1.5 keyframeAnimation.path  [bezierPath CGPath] keyframeAnimation.timingFunction  [CAMediaTimingFunction functionWithNamekCAMediaTimingFunctionEaseOut] [self.btn1.layer addAnimationkeyframeAnimation forKeyposition]  self.btn3.frame  bezierPathPoint2 CAKeyframeAnimation keyframeAnimation2  [CAKeyframeAnimation animationWithKeyPathposition] keyframeAnimation.duration  1.5 keyframeAnimation.path  [bezierPath CGPath] keyframeAnimation.timingFunction  [CAMediaTimingFunction functionWithNamekCAMediaTimingFunctionEaseOut] [self.btn3.layer addAnimationkeyframeAnimation2 forKeyposition]  [CATransaction commit] codepre
Negative 802 pLets say I have ten different dialog popups, each with their own inits and options. p  pHow would I call a function when any of the dialog is open i.e. the correct syntax for the followingp  precodeif.dialogopen  do this codepre
Negative 802 pI have some code that tweens an object towards the camera and fits to half the screenp  precode    var vFOV  camera.fov  Math.PI  180      var ratio  2  Math.tan vFOV  2      var screen  ratio  window.innerWidth  0.6  window.innerHeight  0.6       var size  getCompoundBoundingBox object .max.y     var width  getCompoundBoundingBox object .max.x     var dist  sizescreen  object.scale.x  2       get final position in front of camera     var pLocal  new THREE.Vector3 0, 0, dist       apply the direction the camera is facing     var target  pLocal.applyMatrix4 camera.matrixWorld       tween the object towards the camera     var tweenMove  new TWEEN.Tweenobject.position.totarget, 1500.easingTWEEN.Easing.Cubic.InOut codepre  pThe next thing I need to do is able able to move it either to the left or up, for other UI on the screen and the responsive element. p  pi.e. to move it to the left 3rd, or top third. It also needs to still be square onto the camera. p  pIve tried changing the pLocal value to something like 1, 0,  dist but this just rotates the object when it tweens up.  p  pAny ideas how I can add that functionality p
Negative 802 ptoday im really struggling with XSLT, it has been a long time that i  had to use it. I have to edit some xml  and i cant use XSLT 2.0. So i have to use 1.0. The xml im struugling with is basic example p  pI tried making an template for the 2 nodes, and then call that template to create a new node with the desired values but that didnt work either , im missing something if someone can point me into the right direction.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltmessagemapgt     ltauthorgt         ltauidgt274809391ltauidgt         ltaulnamegtStraightltaulnamegt         ltaufnamegtDeanltaufnamegt         ltphonegt415 8342919ltphonegt         ltaddressgt5420 College Av.ltaddressgt         ltcitygtOaklandltcitygt         ltstategtCAltstategt         ltzipgt94609ltzipgt         ltcontractgt1ltcontractgt     ltauthorgt ltmessagemapgtcodepre div div p  pXMp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSLTransformgt     ltxsloutput indentyesgt     ltIdentity Transform.gt     ltxsltemplate matchnodegt         ltxslcopygt             ltxslapplytemplates selectnodegt         ltxslcopygt     ltxsltemplategt         ltxsltemplate matchaufname  aulnamegt         ltcompanygt             ltxslvalueof select.gt         ltcompanygt     ltxsltemplategt     ltxslstylesheetgtcodepre div div p  pWhat i get as a resultp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltmessagemapgt     ltauthorgt         ltauidgt274809391ltauidgt         ltcompanygtStraightltcompanygt         ltcompanygtDeanltcompanygt         ltphonegt415 8342919ltphonegt         ltaddressgt5420 College Av.ltaddressgt         ltcitygtOaklandltcitygt         ltstategtCAltstategt         ltzipgt94609ltzipgt         ltcontractgt1ltcontractgt     ltauthorgt ltmessagemapgtcodepre div div p  pWhat i need isp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltmessagemapgt     ltauthorgt         ltauidgt274809391ltauidgt         ltcompanygtDean Straightltcompanygt         ltphonegt415 8342919ltphonegt         ltaddressgt5420 College Av.ltaddressgt         ltcitygtOaklandltcitygt         ltstategtCAltstategt         ltzipgt94609ltzipgt         ltcontractgt1ltcontractgt     ltauthorgt ltmessagemapgtcodepre div div p
Negative 802 h3Backgroundh3  pIm working on an ASP.NET 4 web site not web application. Im trying to use codeIRegisteredObjectcode to allow some longrunning code to run in a nonrequest thread.p  pFor testing, Ive set the IIS 7.5 application pools recycle interval to low values so that it will try to recycle while the background thread is running.p  h3Codeh3  precodepublic class AspFriendlyBackgroundJob      private readonly object key  new object     private readonly Task task      public AspFriendlyBackgroundJobAction work              lock key                      HostingEnvironment.RegisterObjectnew Stopperthis             task  Task.Factory.StartNewwork                    class Stopper  IRegisteredObject              private readonly AspFriendlyBackgroundJob job          public StopperAspFriendlyBackgroundJob job                      this.job  job                   public void Stopbool immediate                      lock job.key                              job.task.Wait                 HostingEnvironment.UnregisterObjectthis                             codepre  h3Problemh3  pWhen the application pool was recycled, codeIRegisteredObject.Stopcode was called with codeimmediatecode set to codefalsecode. However, the process appears to terminate before codeStopcode returns the call to codeHostingEnvironment.UnregisterObjectcode never gets reached. This behaviour seems contrary to the following information I readp  pa hrefhttpblog.stephencleary.com201406fireandforgetonaspnet.html relnofollowFire and Forget on ASP.NETap  blockquote   ul   liIf there are still registered objects running after 30 seconds, ASP.NET will call codeIRegisteredObject.Stoptruecode on them.li   liASP.NET will unload the AppDomain after all those second notifications have returned.li   ul blockquote  pa hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combtmarqarchive20100414performingasynchronousworkortasksinaspnetapplications.aspx relnofollowPerforming Asynchronous Work, or Tasks, in ASP.NET Applicationsap  blockquote   pIf you need to, you can hold up the unload as long as you like, because we wont unload until your Stop method returns the second time.p blockquote
Negative 802 pI have completed my game and I am trying to enable Proguard but the game is crashing. I have posted it on the cocos2dx forum herep  pa hrefhttpdiscuss.cocos2dx.orgtproguardissues18355 relnofollowhttpdiscuss.cocos2dx.orgtproguardissues18355ap  pand i know a similar question was asked here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions17343213implementproguardwithcocoas2dimplement proguard with cocoas2da but there is no answer on this question. Plus I can comment on it since I dont enough reputation. My proguard config file contains the followingp  precodeoptimizationpasses 1 dontusemixedcaseclassnames dontskipnonpubliclibraryclasses dontpreverify verbose dontwarn com.google.api.client.googleapis.extensions.android.gms. dontwarn com.google.code. dontwarn oauth.signpost. dontwarn twitter4j. dontwarn org.apache. dontwarn org.json. dontwarn org.mortbay. dontwarn org.apache.log4j. dontwarn org.apache.commons.logging. dontwarn org.apache.commons.logging. dontwarn org.apache.commons.codec.binary. dontwarn javax.xml. dontwarn javax.management. dontwarn java.lang.management. dontwarn android.support. dontwarn org.codehaus.  optimizations codesimplificationarithmetic,field,classmerging  keep class  extends java.util.ListResourceBundle  protected Object[][] getContents   keep public class  extends android.app.Activity keep public class  extends android.app.Application keep public class  extends android.app.Service keep public class  extends android.content.BroadcastReceiver keep public class  extends android.content.ContentProvider keep public class com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService keep class android.support.v4.       keepclasseswithmembernames class       native ltmethodsgt    keep class org.cocos2dx.lib.    keep class com.chartboost.     keepclassmembers enum   public static [] values public static  valueOfjava.lang.String   keepclasseswithmembernames class   public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context, android.util.AttributeSet   keepclasseswithmembernames class   public ltinitgtandroid.content.Context, android.util.AttributeSet, int   keepnames  com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName class   keepclassmembernames class     Com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName      keepclassmembers public class org.cocos2dx.lib.          ADMOB keep public class com.google.ads. dontwarn com.google.ads. keepclassmembers class com.google.ads.AdView  ltinitgt... public void ...  keepclassmembers class com.google.ads.AdSize  public static ltfieldsgt  keepclassmembers class com.google.ads.AdRequest  ltinitgt... public void ...  keepclassmembers class com.google.ads.AdListener  ltinitgt... public void ...   keep class  implements android.os.Parcelable    public static final android.os.ParcelableCreator   codepre  pand the Stacktrace when the game crashes isp  precode1117 111828.764 Idalvikvm10805 GLThread 707 prio5 tid10 RUNNABLE 1117 111828.764 Idalvikvm10805    groupmain sCount0 dsCount0 obj0x45228738 self0x718d55c8 1117 111828.764 Idalvikvm10805    sysTid10830 nice0 sched00 cgrpapps handle1905089056 1117 111828.764 Idalvikvm10805    stateR schedstat 1385640431 113554880 970  utm130 stm8 core0 1117 111828.764 Idalvikvm10805   at org.cocos2dx.lib.Cocos2dxRenderer.nativeInitNative Method 1117 111828.764 Idalvikvm10805   at org.cocos2dx.lib.Cocos2dxRenderer.onSurfaceCreatednull1 1117 111828.774 Idalvikvm10805   at android.opengl.GLSurfaceViewGLThread.guardedRunGLSurfaceView.java1501 1117 111828.774 Idalvikvm10805   at android.opengl.GLSurfaceViewGLThread.runGLSurfaceView.java1240 1117 111828.774 Edalvikvm10805 VM aborting 1117 111828.774 Alibc10805 Fatal signal 6 SIGABRT at 0x00002a35 code6, thread 10830 Thread707    1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313 backtrace 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     00  pc 00022118  systemliblibc.so tgkill12 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     01  pc 00013169  systemliblibc.so pthreadkill48 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     02  pc 0001337d  systemliblibc.so raise10 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     03  pc 000120b3  systemliblibc.so 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     04  pc 000219cc  systemliblibc.so abort4 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     05  pc 00048b1f  systemliblibdvm.so dvmAbort78 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     06  pc 0004d487  systemliblibdvm.so dvmDecodeIndirectRefThread, jobject146 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     07  pc 0004e39d  systemliblibdvm.so 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     08  pc 0016661f  dataapplibcom.company.gamename1libgame.so cocos2dJniHelperjstring2stringjstring58 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     09  pc 001660dd  dataapplibcom.company.gamename1libgame.so getPackageNameJNI48 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     10  pc 00163f65  dataapplibcom.company.gamename1libgame.so cocos2dCCFileUtilsgetWriteablePath16 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     11  pc 0016e1cf  dataapplibcom.company.gamename1libgame.so cocos2dCCUserDefaultinitXMLFilePath22 1117 111828.964 IDEBUG313     12  pc 0016e29f  dataapplibcom.company.gamename1libgame.so cocos2dCCUserDefaultsharedUserDefault2 1118 123924.909 IDEBUG309     13  pc 000ebe07  dataapplibcom.company.gamename1libgame.so SplashScreenLayeronNodeLoadedcocos2dCCNode, cocos2dextensionCCNodeLoader6 codepre  pAny help is appreciated. Thanks. p
Negative 802 pWhen using a TListview in Delphi, if you click below the last list item the selected item becomes nil itemindex  1.p  pWhen using a TListview in Firemonkey, if you click below the last list item the selected item is the last item on the list.  That is not what I want to happen.  If I click below the last item, I want no item to be selected.p  pI am at a loss.  Is there a way to do this or have I missed something here or am I offbasep  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pI have implemented the following code. Basically, I am only looking for the movement of the device not its position. So the impulse. If you suddenly move the device to right, my codeonMoveRightcode function will be called. I am using the accelerometerp  pThe strongproblemstrong is that when i move to right, its as if the codeonMoveRightcode is called strongandstrong right after it the codeonMoveLeftcode is called It isnt precise. It does what I want but then my other functions are called as wellp  pmy accelerometer period update is 100 ms. I tried making it more, but then it doesnt listen to the movement. Or it listens but very latep  pre classlangjava prettyprintoverridecode    if mLastAcc  null          mLastAcc  acc           double xChange  mLastAcc.x  acc.x     double yChange  mLastAcc.y  acc.y       ifxChange lt 2.0              mContext.onMoveRight          else ifxChange gt 2.0              mContext.onMoveLeft          else ifyChange gt 2.0              mContext.onMoveDown          else ifyChange lt 2.0              mContext.onMoveUp           mLastAcc  acc codepre
Negative 802 pI have a code which draw the donutchart by using  raphael.js a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netaP7MK73 relnofollowcodea it is working on jsfiddle but not in my html even if I wrap this code with onload and CDATA.p  precodelt[CDATA[   window.onload  function donutCharttotal, goal, avg     var paper  Raphaelcanvas, 400, 400     paper.customAttributes.arc  function xloc, yloc, value, total, R          var alpha  360  total  value,         a  90  alpha  Math.PI  180,         x  xloc  R  Math.cosa,         y  yloc  R  Math.sina,         path         if total  value              path  [                 [M, xloc, yloc  R],                 [A, R, R, 0, 1, 1, xloc  0.01, yloc  R]             ]          else              path  [                 [M, xloc, yloc  R],                 [A, R, R, 0, alpha gt 180, 1, x, y]             ]                  return              path path                   var backCircle  paper.circle100, 100, 40.attr     stroke 7BC2E5,         strokewidth 14          var theArc  paper.path.attr         stroke f5f5f5,         strokewidth 14,         arc [100, 100, 0, 100, 40]          event fired on each animation frame     eve.onraphael.anim.frame., onAnimate      text in the middle     theText  paper.text100, 100, 0.attr         fontsize 18,         fill f5f5f5,         fontweight bold           the animated arc     theArc.rotate0, 100, 100.animate         arc [100, 100, totalgoal  100, 100, 40]     , 1900      on each animation frame we change the text in the middle     function onAnimate          var howMuch  theArc.attrarc         theText.attrtext, Math.floorhowMuch[2]                 donutChart80, 140, 40     ]]gt  codepre
Negative 802 h2Familiarization with the situationh2  pemLets suppose we want to go trough the multidimensional array of error messagesem codeerrorscode emwith the following structure...emp  precodearray2     id   [appcannotrun]gt array2       l     [ces]gt string36 Webov aplikace neme bt sputna.     [eng]gt string39 The web application can not be started.      [missingfile]gt array1      [ces]gt string32 Poadovan soubor nebyl nalezen.     codepre  pem...and compare it with an array of published language versionsemp  precodeavailablelanguages  arrayces,eng codepre  pemAlso, there is a default language. This is primary and preferred languageemp  precodedefaultlanguage  ces codepre  hr  h2Goalh2  pemAll I need to do is find out if any error does not contain any language version except of the default one. I thought one way is work with functionem codearraydiffcode emor some ofshoot of this function. But at this time I have the following code with loops and I will appreciate any suggestion to do betteremp  precodeforeach errors as e gt id   foreach availablelanguages as l     if arraykeyexistsl,id         if l  defaultlanguage           alterrver  id[defaultlanguage]           id[l]  alterrver                                 here comes a problem because I can save an alternative                  language version of error into an array, but only for                  an iteration its not going to printed after foreach loop.                                   printrerrors codepre  pstrongThe desired resultstrongp  precodearray2    [appcannotrun]gt array2      [ces]gt string36 Webov aplikace neme bt sputna.     [eng]gt string39 The web application can not be started.      [missingfile]gt array2      [ces]gt string32 Poadovan soubor nebyl nalezen.     [eng]gt string32 Poadovan soubor nebyl nalezen.     codepre  pSorry for my English, all who read it up to here thank you for your patience  Let me know if you do not understand some part of my question.p
Negative 802 pIm running pythonrq tasks that can take anywhere from minutes to hours depending on the input data.p  pI can set a fixed timeout at the job scheduling withp  precodelow  Queuelow, defaulttimeout600   10 mins low.enqueuecallreallyreallyslow, timeout3600  one hour codepre  pIs it possible to prolong a pythonrq task from within the running tasks when the timeout almost expires For instance when the timeout is 3600 seconds and the task is running 3500 seconds p  pThe python function that is running on the worker forks a subprocess call to a c binary and reports its progress to a redis key, so it could in theory also prolong the job in that loop, but I dont know how to do that.p
Negative 802 pI have a codestartdatecode and and codeenddatecodein the format codeYmdcode. p  precodestartdategtdateYmd, strtotimeInputgetstartdate, enddategtdateYmd, strtotimeInputgetenddate codepre  pHow can I get the Duration between these two days, like code2 monthscode or code1 monthcode or code2 weekscode in Laravelp
Negative 802 pI just made some changes to my code for this app, but for some reason it is still not working. My restart button is not restarting the form, my score numbers are not showing up, the outcome results are not showing up, the dice are not rolling.p  pHere is the link to my GUI a hrefhttpsimageshack.comikpdOTIAQp relnofollowhttpsimageshack.comikpdOTIAQpap  pBasically, a human player is playing against a COMPUTER using VBs built in random number generator. The objective of the game is for either opponent to have a higher score than the other to win the game in a best of an odd number of matches format from 1 up to 99  like 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13 and so forth.p  pThe problem is that the dice images do not show up when you click the button.p  precodePublic Class DiceBattleForm      Private Sub Form1Loadsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles MyBase.Load      End Sub      Private Sub ExitButtonClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles ExitButton.Click         Dim RESPONSE As MsgBoxResult         RESPONSE  MsgBoxDo you want to exit, MsgBoxStyle.YesNo Or MsgBoxStyle.Question         If RESPONSE  MsgBoxResult.Yes Then             Me.Dispose         End If     End Sub      Private Sub RollButtonClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles RollButton.Click         If GameTextBox.Text lt 0 Then             MsgBoxNumber of Games gt 0, MsgBoxStyle.Critical             Application.Restart         End If          If GameTextBox.Text gt 0 Then             GameTextBox  Convert.ToInt32GameTextBox.Text         End If           DisplayDiePCDice1         DisplayDiePCDice2         DisplayDiePCDice3          DisplayDieYouDice1         DisplayDieYouDice2         DisplayDieYouDice3     End Sub      Sub DisplayDiediePictureBox As PictureBox         GENERATE random integer in range 1 to 6         Dim face As Integer  randomObject.Next1, 7          retrieve specific die image from resources         Dim pictureResource  My.Resources.ResourceManager.GetObjectString.Formatdie0, face          Convert pictureResource to type Image and display in ImageBox         diePictureBox.Image  CTypepictureResource, Image     End Sub  DisplaDie       Private Sub GameTextBoxValidatingsender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles GameTextBox.TextChanged         If GameTextBox.Text gt 0 Then             Do                 MsgBoxGameTextBox.Text   rounds will be played enjoy             Loop While GameTextBox.Text  STOP         End If         GameTextBox.Enabled  False     End Sub      Private Sub RestartButtonClicksender As Object, e As EventArgs Handles RestartButton.Click          Reset or clear any controls recommended         DiceBattleForm.Clear          NOT recommended          Application.Restart     End Sub End Class codepre
Negative 802 pI synced Tasks using EAS using the Tasks class protocol. a hrefhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarydd299452vexchg.80.aspx relnofollowhttpmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarydd299452vexchg.80.aspxap  pI was able to retrieve the tasks, but I expected flagged email also to appear as part of response. If this is not the right way, what is the best way to sync just the flagged mail from serverp
Negative 802 pI am using Spring Integration 3.0.6 and having problems using a codemessagedrivenchanneladaptercode concurrently.  If I send 2 jobs to the JMS queue and ensure the first one never finishes kept in a loop the second job is never taken from the queue.p  pIf I remove the codetransactionmanagercode from the channel adapter I get the concurrency I expect.  Does anybody see anything wrong with the way I am configuring thisp  precodeltintjmsmessagedrivenchanneladapter      channeljobsChannel      connectionfactoryjmsConnectionFactory     pubsubdomainfalse     destinationnameJOBSQUEUE      transactionmanagerjmsTxManager     concurrentconsumers5     maxmessagespertask1     errorchannelerrorChannel     idjobJmsReceiver gt  ltamqbroker useJmxfalse persistenttruegt      ltamqtransportConnectorsgt         ltamqtransportConnector uritcplocalhost0 gt     ltamqtransportConnectorsgt ltamqbrokergt  ltbean idjmsConnectionFactory classorg.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnectionFactorygt     ltproperty namebrokerURL valuevmlocalhost gt ltbeangt  ltbean idjmsTxManager classorg.springframework.jms.connection.JmsTransactionManagergt     ltproperty nameconnectionFactory refjmsConnectionFactorygtltpropertygt ltbeangt codepre
Negative 802 pI started out with Mongo client doing some nifty queries and aggretations.. but now that I want to use it in .NETC, I see that I cant simply run the query as text field.. p  pFurthermore, after resorting to building an Aggregation Pipeline, and running the collection.Aggregate function, Im getting a result set, but I have no idea how to traverse it.. p  pCan anyone help guide me here p  pHeres my code p  precodevar coll  db.GetCollectionanimals var match  new BsonDocument       match,   new BsonDocument category,cats    var group  new BsonDocument              group, new BsonDocument             id, species,              AvgWeight, new BsonDocumentavg, weight         var sort  new BsonDocumentsort, new BsonDocumentAvgWeight, 1 var pipeline  new[]  match, group, sort  var args  new AggregateArgs  Pipeline  pipeline  var res  coll.Aggregateargs  foreach var obj in res       WHAT TO DO HERE   codepre  pAlso, I should say that Im a little rusty with C  ASP.NET  MVC so any room for simplification would be much appreciated. p
Negative 802 pI am integration an embercli app into my main app.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhqrQy.png altenter image description herep  pstrongmain appstrongp  ul limylibs.jsbr ul lijquery.jsli limyvalidatorjquery.jsli ulli ul  pstrongember cli appstrongp  ul livendor.js ember generatedli limylibs.js from main appli liapp.js ember generatedli ul  pstrongEmber cli appstrong is integrated into the main app by injecting strongvendor.jsstrong and strongapp.jsstrong.p  pMy issue is within my ember component when I call codethis.code, well the codethis.code is referring to the codeEmber jQuerycode and not the global codejQuerycode from the strongmylibsstrong.p  pThis is a problem because the library myvalidatorjquery gets attached to the global jQuery and not the ember jQuery.p  pMy quick hack was to do the followingp  pcodethis..myvalidatorjquerycode is this ok to do p  pOr is there a cleaner way codeto select the component view using the global jquery selectorcodep
Negative 802 pIve defined a SerialPort object as the followingp  precodePublic WithEvents SerialComm As New System.IO.Ports.SerialPort codepre  pSerialComm is setup and opened in the object constructor and closed when the object is disposed. My handler signature is as followsp  precodePrivate Sub OnCommsender as Object, e as SerialDataReceivedEventArgs Handles SerialComm.DataReceived codepre  pIm trying to get a DataReceived event to fire from HyperTerminal. After sending some data, I can set a breakpoint and check the value of SerialComm.BytesToRead and see that it has updated to the proper number of bytes.p  pI have confirmed that the SerialPort is open and is receiving data, but I cant get the event to fire.p  pIve also tried manually wiring up the event after removing the WithEvents definition using AddHandler, but I was still unable to get the event to trigger. p  pWhat am I missingp  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pThis is the class that Im having trouble withp  precodeImports System.IO.Ports  Public Class CopyCat     Implements IDisposable      Private RxString As String             Private LastReceiveTime As DateTime     Public WithEvents SerialComm As New SerialPort      Public Property Timeout As TimeSpan      Public Sub NewcommPort As String, timeout As TimeSpan         Me.Timeout  timeout         EnablecommPort     End Sub      Public Sub NewcommPort As String         Me.NewcommPort, TimeSpan.FromMilliseconds1000     End Sub      Public Sub Enable         CommUtilities.SetupCommSerialComm, commPort, 115200, 8, Parity.Odd, StopBits.One, Handshake.None, System.Text.Encoding.Default     End Sub      Public Sub Disable         SerialComm.Close     End Sub      Private Sub OnCommsender As Object, e As SerialDataReceivedEventArgs Handles SerialComm.DataReceived         IfDateTime.Now  LastReceivedTime gt Timeout Then RxString            Do WhileSerialComm.BytesToRead gt 0             Dim readChar As String             Dim termChar As Char  ChrRxString.ToByteList.XorAll             readChar  SerialComm.ReadChar              RxString amp readChar             if readChar  termChar Then                 SerialComm.WriteFrom item In GetResponseRxString.Build                                     Select item.Data.ToRawString                 RxString               End If         Loop     End Sub      Public Function GetResponsecommandString As String As MessageResponse         Dim response As MessageResponse  MessageResponse.GetMessageResponseFromByteListcommandString.ToByteList          if response.GetType  GetTypeGetStatusResponse Then             response.DataBytes8.Data  Math.FloorRnd  255             response.DataBytes9.Data  Math.FloorRnd  255         End If          Return response     End Function      Private disposedValue as Boolean      Protected Overridable Sub Disposedisposing As Boolean         If Not Me.disposedValue Then             If disposing Then                 SerialComm.Dispose             End If         End If         Me.disposedValue  True     End Sub      Public Sub Dispose Implements IDisposable.Dispose         DisposeTrue         GC.SuppressFinalizeMe     End Sub  End Class codepre
Negative 802 pIve found strange issue of IE8, when I have codeimgcode in codeacode and codeacode having codedisplayinlinecode CSS value, image is disappeared p  precodelta idlogo hrefgt   ltimg srcpoetrylogowhite.png altpoetry logo white width60 height74gt ltagt codepre  pCSSp  precodea    display inlineblock  not works    display inline  works    display block  works   codepre  pIf I set codeinlinecode or codeblockcode for codedisplaycode in CSS then it works.p  pIf anyone has had same issue before Why could not it be working with codeinlineblockcode p  pIve not tested it in other IE versions anyway p
Negative 802 pI have this code but in firefox im not getting the message..is only working properly in chrome.. and doesnt work in IE... can someone help me.. this is the code I have p  precodeSet variables for the code to use it var disableWindow  0 function blockIt      disableWindow  1  var msg  Are you sure you dont want to take advantage of the Recapture RiskFree product offersn      IF Chrome, the use the following script     var Popupfunction              var atruereturnshowfunctionbifaafalsesetTimeoutfunctiondisableWindow  1atruedocument.location.hrefindex3.html,1000return b       Call the function when abandoning the site window.onbeforeunload  function      if disableWindow  0          return Popup.showmsg       codepre
Negative 802 pI used to have the same problem with my very first website. I would apply a maxwidth media query, and it would be off by 4050pixels, meaning it would apply the css over the maxwidth restriction.p  pThis is what I mean a hrefhttppostimg.orgimagexg2uboxcz relnofollowhttppostimg.orgimagexg2uboxczap  pNotice how the browser Im on is at 380 pixels, but it applies the MaxWidth Media Query that I put on at 352 pixels.p  pWhats causing this I have 100 made sure none of the other media queries are contradicting it, and I have made sure every single media query is closed properly.  I dont even have a minwidth that applies this css. So why is it off p
Negative 802 pstrongQuestion Backgroundstrongp  pI am trying to pass two parameters product name and price from a View to an AddToCart method on my MVC Controller. Im doing this by passing the parameters to a JQuery Ajax function.p  pstrongIssuestrongp  pCurrently when clicking the Add To Cart button link the script is not being triggered. There is no error but the process is not taking place. p  pHere is the codep  precodeltscript srchttpcode.jquery.comjquery1.9.1.min.jsgtltscriptgt  View lth3 classpaneltitle boldFeatures idnamegtViewBag.data as ListltLoginTest.Models.HomePageItemgt.First.ProductNamelth3gt  ltp idpricegtViewBag.data as ListltLoginTest.Models.HomePageItemgt.First.productPriceltpgt  lta classbtn btnprimary btnblock idaddToCartgtTestltagt    Script ltscriptgt     addToCart.onclick,function e          e.preventDefault         .ajax             url HomePageAddToCart,             data  name name.text, qty price.text ,                ltscriptgt    Method on controller  public void AddToCartstring name, string qty             Logic for adding to the cart.      codepre
Negative 802 pIs there a way to store an input button into a MySQL database What I would like to do is have the user enter information into a form that is sent into a database. When a record is retrieved, I want there to be a input button that appears next to the record which results in an actions when clicked. Is there a way to achieve this kind of resultp  pInstead of actually storing it, Ive tried to just add the button to the codewhilecode loop that reads the data from the database, but this just returned an error as expected. p
Negative 802 pIm following this a hrefhttpwww.thisprogrammingthing.com2013gettingstartedwithvagrant relnofollowlinka on how to set up a LAMP stack with Vagrant. p  pBecause that link uses wordpress, I had to modify the code a bit. However Im getting an error p  pcodeaccess denied for user rootlocalhost using password YEScodep  pThis error occurs when Im trying to create user, create database, etc in my shell file.. Ive searched this error online and it suggests that I need to grant access to root from localhost. Im not sure how to do this in my codeprovisions.shcode. Can anyone provide some advicep  pHere is my shell filep  precodeusrbinenv bash  set variable ROOTPASSdefaultrootpw   setting answers to questions during install sudo debconfsetselections ltltlt mysqlserver5.5 mysqlserverrootpassword password ROOTPASS sudo debconfsetselections ltltlt mysqlserver5.5 mysqlserverrootpasswordagain password ROOTPASS  sudo aptget update sudo aptget y install mysqlserver5.5 php5mysql apache2 php5   check if databasesetup file exists, if it doesnt, it means this is first time   and we should create user  if [  f varlogdatabasesetup ] then     echo CREATE USER userlocalhost IDENTIFIED BY userpassword  mysql uroot pROOTPASS     echo CREATE DATABASE mydatabase  mysql uroot pROOTPASS     echo GRANT ALL ON mydatabase. TO userlocalhost  mysql uroot pROOTPASS     echo flush privileges  mysql uroot pROOTPASS       create databasesetup file to prevent recreating users in future ...     touch varlogdatabasesetup       checking if initial.sql exists to restore it into VM database...      if [ f vagrantdatainitial.sql ]     then         mysql uroot pROOTPASS mydatabase lt vagrantdatainitial.sql     fi fi  if [  h varwww ]  then      rm rf varwww sudo     ln s vagrantpublic varwww      service apache2 restart fi codepre
Negative 802 pI am using Netty 3.9. I have a simple client server setup which I got from a hrefhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiNetty28software29NettyTCPExample relnofollowhttpen.wikipedia.orgwikiNetty28software29NettyTCPExamplea.  I have expanded the example to send a Java search plan object from the client to the serverp  pThe search plan object is a 3rd party object which has methods for serializing and deserializing.  Serialization writes the object into a byte[] array.  My client pipeline factory looks like thisp  precodethis.bootstrap.setPipelineFactorynew ChannelPipelineFactory          Override         public ChannelPipeline getPipeline throws Exception              return Channels.pipeline                     new StringDecoderCharsetUtil.UTF8,                     new StringEncoderCharsetUtil.UTF8,                     new DelimiterBasedFrameDecoder                             ALLOWEDCHARACTERBUFFERSIZE, Delimiters                                     .lineDelimiter,                       We also add our Clients own ChannelHandler.                      new ClientChannelHandler               codepre  pI think StringDecoder and StringEncoder are incorrect.  I think I need some sort of ByteEncoderDecoder which I do not see.  Do I need to write these  I tried this code to convert to a String on the Clientp  precode byte[] byteVersion  searchPlanRepo.serializemissionNum   serialize the search plan  searchPlanStr  new StringbyteVersion, StandardCharsets.UTF8 codepre  pbut on the server no matter what I do to deserialize the object I fail.  I continuously get the error messagep  pjava.lang.ClassCastException java.lang.String cannot be cast to payload.mission.SearchPlanTypep  pMy questionsp  ol liDo I need a custom byte encoderdecoder  Are there any examplesli liSerialization seems simple  byte array to String but deserialization from a String to a byte array does not work.  I am sure I am missing something.  Can anyone point me in the correct directionli ol  pThanks for taking the time to read this. p  pPhilp
Negative 802 pI have a library that I use in multiple projects. Every time I update and rebuild this library, I do not want to have to copy and paste the .aar to EVERY single project that uses this library. What is the most convenient, efficient way to accomplish thisp  pNote Im running Android Studio 1.0 RC2 on Mac OSX.p
Negative 802 pI have used ternary operator before for a condition like codeifelsecode but here its different i.e. not checking a condition before codecode.p  precode  printf dn,10051112  codepre  pstrongEditedstrong So,how will it evaluate code11code as by compiler because i dont see any condition before first codecode.p
Negative 802 pIm working on a programming assignment and I have 9 of the same errors. All that say Employee does not refer to value. Can someone please help me Thanks so much in advance. Below is where Im getting the errors and then I have also included my class. [enter image description here][1]p  pClassp  precodeifndef ProgrammingAssignment3employeeh define ProgrammingAssignment3employeeh  include ltstringgt  class Employee    private   int ID   stdstring ssn   stdstring emailaddress   int yearOfbirth   public   static stdstring name   Employee   int  displayRecord   void addEmployee   int GetID   stdstring GetEmail      endif codepre  pErrors p  precodeint  displayRecordvector ltEmployeegt input      cout ltlt        for  int count  0 count lt 200 count               stdgetlineEmployee.name           cout ltlt setw5 ltlt Employee.ID ltlt setw15 ltlt Employee.name ltlt setw15 ltlt setw15 ltlt      Employee.emailAddress ltlt setw8ltlt Employee.yearOfBirth           void addemployeevector ltEmployeegt input      cout ltlt Employee ID   ltlt endl     cin gtgt Employee.ID     cout ltlt Employee Name      cingtgt Employee[input].name     cout ltlt SSN      cin gtgt Employee[input].ssn     cout ltlt Email Address      cin gtgt Employee[input].emailAddress     cout ltlt Birth Year      cin gtgt Employee[input].yearOfBirth  codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to write a static utility function that executes generic AsyncTasks. I came up with thisp  precodepublic static void executeAsyncClasslt extends AsyncTasklt, , gtgt task, Object[] params      ifBuild.VERSION.SDKINT gt Build.VERSIONCODES.HONEYCOMB          task.executeOnExecutorAsyncTask.THREADPOOLEXECUTOR, params      else          task.executeparams       codepre  pBut its not good enough to even compile.. any ideasp
Negative 802 pI have a couple of simple questionsp  ol liis it possible to add a datagridview in c wpf project and how because i have JUST datagrid in my ALL WPF CONTROLS li lihow can i have access the value in each cell in datagrid li lihow we can have the changed value when there is a modification in a datagrid like  CellEditEnding but how we can have access to an edited cell valueli ol  hr  precodeprivate void dataGrid1CellEditEndingobject sender, DataGridCellEditEndingEventArgs e        System.Windows.Controls.DataGrid dg  sender as System.Windows.Controls.DataGrid string s   codepre
Negative 802 pI have a computation that has the structure of a binary tree, where at each node a bunch of highly vectorized functions take the output of the previous branches to produce new branches nodes on the same level are independent. Since the functions are vectorized, they run well both on CPU or GPU, the latter naturally giving substantially faster execution. p  pI will soon have access to 4GPU 2CPU workstation to run my code on and I would like to use it as optimally as I can. I understand how to use codeparforcode on the GPUs only or on the CPUs cores only, but I would like to reasonably distribute the workload between the GPUs and the CPU, since GPU execution only leaves so many CPU cores at idle, and even though they are much slower than the GPUs, they are still fast enough to have noticeable impact on the total execution time.p  pstrongQ1strong Since the functions in each node are vectorized, is it actually reasonable to run independent nodes in 1nodepercore mode Or does that strictly depend on the particular case Is there a rule of the thumb for such dilemmas p  pstrongQ2strong Assuming in strongQ1strong that simultaneous execution of 1 node per core is suboptimal, is there a way to assign several CPU cores to one workerp  pstrongQ3strong Is there a way to distribute the codeparforcode workers between GPUs and CPUs in an emefficientem wayp  pHere is what I dont consider particularly emefficientem in strongQ3strong depending on the loop index, the loop instance can execute the GPU code on a given codegpuDevicecode or on CPU core. Knowing the performance difference between GPU and CPU execution, one can deduce a suitable proportion of the indices assigned to CPU execution. The problem with this is that codeparforcode does not pick the loop indices in any particular order, which in turn can easily lead to instances where it tries to execute two independent tasks on same GPU, which is inefficient since it will have to serialize the tasks.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have a very extensive program written in Excel VBA that works perfectly fine, except when it attempts to save. Occasionally, not necessarily every time, the macro will save the workbook in this case, export to CSV, but be stuck with the window labeled Saving, a status message claiming that its saving my file and a progress bar that will not progress further. It also has a button labeled Cancel, which, when pressed, will continue the macro since the file has already been saved.p  pHere is the subroutine that Im usingp  precodeSub exportTable Dim varIsOpen As Boolean Dim varSaveLocation1 As String, varSaveLocation2 As String varIsOpen  False  If ThisWorkbook.SheetsControlSheet.RangeD2.Value   Then     varSaveLocation1  ThisWorkbook.Path amp CSVREVIEW     varSaveLocation2  varSaveLocation1 amp YearNow amp MonthNow amp DayNow amp HourNow amp MinuteNow Else     varSaveLocation1  ThisWorkbook.SheetsControlSheet.RangeD2.Value     If RightvarSaveLocation1, 1 ltgt  Then varSaveLocation1  varSaveLocation1 amp      varSaveLocation2  varSaveLocation1 amp YearNow amp MonthNow amp DayNow amp HourNow amp MinuteNow End If     For counter  1 To Workbooks.Count         If Workbookscounter.Name  TableBook.xls Then varIsOpen  True          If varIsOpen  True Then Exit For     Next      If varIsOpen  False Then GoTo isClosed  WorkbooksTableBook.Activate  On Error Resume Next If LenDirvarSaveLocation1, vbDirectory  0 Then    MkDir varSaveLocation1 End If If LenDirvarSaveLocation2, vbDirectory  0 Then     MkDir varSaveLocation2 End If On Error GoTo 0  Application.DisplayAlerts  False  ActiveWorkbook.Sheetstest.Activate ActiveWorkbook.SaveAs varSaveLocation2  test, xlCSV  ActiveWorkbook.Sheetspart.Activate ActiveWorkbook.SaveAs varSaveLocation2  part, xlCSV  ActiveWorkbook.SheetslogFile.Activate ActiveWorkbook.SaveAs varSaveLocation2  logFile, xlCSV  ActiveWorkbook.SheetsdeltaLimits.Activate ActiveWorkbook.SaveAs varSaveLocation2  deltaLimits, xlCSV  ActiveWorkbook.Close  Application.DisplayAlerts  True  isClosed End Sub codepre  pIt may also be worth noting that I am currently saving to a server, but cant really remember if it did this while testing it on a local directory. p  pHow can I get it to not hang What is the cause of this problem andor the solution to itp
Negative 802 pEverything Ive read indicates that TRTTIContext is threadsafe.p  pHowever, TRTTIContext.FindType seems to fail returns nil occasionally when multithreading.  Using a TCriticalSection around it fixes the issue.  Note that Im using XE6, and the issue doesnt seem to exist in XE.p  pIve worked up a test project you can use to see for yourself.  Create a new VCL project, drop a TMemo and a TButton, replace unit1 with below, and assign the Form1.OnCreate, Form1.OnDestroy and Button1.OnClick events. The key CS is the GRTTIBlock in TTestThread.Execute. Currently disabled, I get between 3 and 5 failures when I run with 200 threads. Enabling the GRTTIBlock CS removes the failures.p  precodeunit Unit1  interface  uses   Winapi.Windows, Winapi.Messages, System.SysUtils, System.Variants, System.Classes, Vcl.Graphics,   Vcl.Controls, Vcl.Forms, Vcl.Dialogs, Vcl.StdCtrls, SyncObjs, Contnrs, RTTI  type   TTestThread  classTThread   private     FFailed Boolean     FRan Boolean     FId Integer   protected     procedure Execute override   public     property Failed Boolean read FFailed     property Ran Boolean read FRan     property Id Integer read FId write FId   end    TForm1  classTForm     Memo1 TMemo     Button1 TButton     procedure Button1ClickSender TObject     procedure FormCreateSender TObject     procedure FormDestroySender TObject   private     FThreadBlock TCriticalSection     FMaxThreadCount Integer     FThreadCount Integer     FRanCount Integer     FFailureCount Integer     procedure LogAStr String     procedure ThreadFinishedSender TObject     procedure LaunchThreads   end  var   Form1 TForm1  implementation  var   GRTTIBlock TCriticalSection  R .dfm   TTestThread   procedure TTestThread.Execute var   ctx  TRTTIContext begin   GRTTIBlock.Acquire   try     FFailed  not Assignedctx.FindTypeUnit1.TForm1     FRan  True   finally     GRTTIBlock.Release   end end   TForm1   procedure TForm1.Button1ClickSender TObject begin   Randomize   LaunchThreads   LogFormatThreads d, Ran d, Failures d,     [FMaxThreadCount, FRanCount, FFailureCount] end  procedure TForm1.FormCreateSender TObject begin   FThreadBlock  TCriticalSection.Create end  procedure TForm1.FormDestroySender TObject begin   FThreadBlock.Free end  procedure TForm1.LogAStr String begin   Memo1.Lines.AddAStr end  procedure TForm1.ThreadFinishedSender TObject var   tt  TTestThread begin   tt  TTestThreadSender   LogFormatThread d finished, [tt.Id]   FThreadBlock.Acquire   try     DecFThreadCount     if tt.Failed then       IncFFailureCount     if tt.Ran then       IncFRanCount   finally     FThreadBlock.Release   end end  procedure TForm1.LaunchThreads var   c  Integer   ol  TObjectList   t  TTestThread begin   FRanCount  0   FFailureCount  0   FMaxThreadCount  200   ol  TObjectList.CreateFalse   try      get all the thread objects created and ready     for c  1 to FMaxThreadCount do     begin       t  TTestThread.CreateTrue       t.FreeOnTerminate  True       t.OnTerminate  ThreadFinished       t.Id  c       ol.Addt     end     FThreadCount  FMaxThreadCount      start them all up     for c  0 to ol.Count  1 do     begin       TTestThreadol[c].Start       LogFormatThread d started, [TTestThreadol[c].Id]     end     repeat       Application.ProcessMessages       FThreadBlock.Acquire       try         if FThreadCount lt 0 then           Break       finally         FThreadBlock.Release       end     until False   finally     ol.Free   end end  initialization   GRTTIBlock  TCriticalSection.Create  finalization   GRTTIBlock.Free  end. codepre
Negative 802 pI have datagridview for showing working or nonworking of weekly. Fisrt, when  i binding with dataset then it choose automatic type to be checkboxColumn because a data from dataset is boolean type like below.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com7SfQ9.png altenter image description herep  pbut I need to change it to be combobox compound with true and false value  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comhcM17.png altenter image description herep  pbut its have a problem because i cant add item true or false it error datagridviewcomboboxcell value is not valid . And I dont want to make dataset for store two value.its waste.p  hr  pNote I will explain step by stepp  pThis is my database for filling in datagridview img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comHl8v4.png altenter image description herep  pAnd I use this query for creating weeklyscheduleTableAdapter  .It will select  each day and flag1 or 0p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.commCzDy.png altenter image description herep  precode                SELECT DISTINCT SELECT  [nonworkingdayflag]                                  FROM [dbo].[defaultnonworkingdays]                                  WHERE [id] 1  AS Sun                                ,                                  SELECT  [nonworkingdayflag]                                   FROM [dbo].[defaultnonworkingdays]                                    WHERE [id] 2  AS Mon                                 ,........                                   ....until Saturday....                                     ....................                 FROM [dbo].[defaultnonworkingdays] codepre  pResult img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comXb0Kl.png altenter image description herep  pAfter I created weeklyscheduleTableAdapter I just binding datagridview to dataset.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAxhCV.png altenter image description herep  pits can fill data to gridview See first picture above. But if I need to change a cell to be combobox what should I do  img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVw5ZJ.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pI am trying to reproduce some Visual Basic code in python. I have a function which produces a fraction double and converts it to an integer as followsp  precodeDim randomint As Integer Dim roundedint As Integer randomint  CIntMath.CeilingRnd  n  1 roundedint  CIntrandomint2 codepre  pcodeCIntcode rounds double values to the nearest integer. However when the value is 0.5, this appears to be random sometimes up, sometimes down. This makes the code difficult to test. In python2.7, the number is always rounded in the same direction.p  pI could add or subtract a small number to the result e.g. 0.1 but the original code should not changed.p  pstrongIs this behaviour normalstrong or can I control it in some wayp
Negative 802 pstrongProblemstrongp  pIncrementing a variable based on a returned number from a functionp  pThe function randomNumberi will return the number 1, 2 or 3.p  pstrongJS codestrongp  precodevar i, counter, aNum, bNum, cNum  0  for i  1 i lt 30 i       var counter  randomNumberi      if counter  1          aNum          else if counter  2          bNum          else if counter  3          cNum       codepre  pstrongDesired solutionstrongp  pTo allow aNum, bNum, and cNum to increment in value. When I write out an alert, it only gives me NaN for the different aNumcNum. What am I missingp
Negative 802 pThe emGuide to Common Personalizationem describes the following process for Personlalizationp  ul liResetli liAtrli liSelect AID to personalizeli liinitiate Secure Channelli limultiple Storedata commandsli ul  pThe Secure Channel is established with the Security Domain and Storedata commands holding DGIs are forwarded to the Applet. The Applet has the emApplicationem and the emPersonalizationem interface from emorg.globalplatformem package and inherits emprocessDataem methods to make use of the Storedata commands.p  pThe strongquestionstrong now is if I have to implement the eminitupdateem and emexternalauthenticateem command in my applet myself as the Security Domain is not selected anymore and my applet does not know these INS Does the JCRE automatically detect these GlobalPlatform APDUs and forward them to the SecurityDomain If not why isnt this hiddenfiltered by the JCREp  pe I have found an old example on the Global Platform website from 2006 called CPSDemonstrator a hrefhttpwww.globalplatform.orgspecificationform.aspfid6596 relnofollowhttpwww.globalplatform.orgspecificationform.aspfid6596a Beside deprecated API calls is this still the standard way to do itp
Negative 802 pI am using Kohana 3.3 and trying to make an external request to a url which is internal to our company. The external website needs user credentials. How do i make an external request to that website I was planning to use a single request to login and then hit the URL i want, but how do i achieve it. Example code is below.p  precode     Requestfactoryhttpexample.comuserlogingtmethodPOSTgtpostusername, abcgtpostpassword, 123gtexecute     request  Requestcurrent     requestgtfactoryhttpexample.comdothisgtmethodPOSTgtpostparam1, valuegtpostparam2, value2   response  requestgtexecute codepre  pThe above code fails at coderequestgtfactorycode saying its not an object and cannot call factory method.p  pCould anyone tell me what is the correct way of doing what i am trying to achieve in Kohana 3.3p
Negative 802 pI am trying to use vim inside byobu with tmux mode and the colorscheme and font setting are lost. Without byobu, I can use tmux 2 and have no problem. If anyone knows how to make it work for byobu please help.p  pMany thanks,p
Negative 802 pI use  strongFileInputFormat.setInputPathsjob, new Pathinput1, new Pathinput2strong to add two input files to the mapreduce program and assume that the program will process input2 when completing processing input1.  p  pbut when i change the order, it give the same result.whythe process of the input2 is premised on completely processing input1.p  precodepublic static class CalculateResultMapper extends MapperltObject, Text, IntWritable, Textgt      private final static IntWritable k  new IntWritable     private final static Text v  new Text     private final static MapltInteger, ListltCooccurrencegtgt matrix               new HashMapltInteger, ListltCooccurrencegtgt      Override     public void mapObject key, Text value, Context context throws IOException, InterruptedException          String[] tokens  Recommend.DELIMITER.splitvalue.toString         String[] v1  tokens[0].split         String[] v2  tokens[1].split          processing input1         ifv1.length gt 1              int itemID1  Integer.parseIntv1[0]             int itemID2  Integer.parseIntv1[1]             int num  Integer.parseInttokens[1]             CalculateResult4 c  new CalculateResult4             ListltCooccurrencegt list  null             ifmatrix.containsKeyitemID1                  list  new ArrayListltCooccurrencegt              else                  list  matrix.getitemID1                          list.addc.new CooccurrenceitemID1, itemID2, num             matrix.putitemID1, list                   processing input2         ifv2.length gt 1              int itemID  Integer.parseInttokens[0]             int userID  Integer.parseIntv2[0]             double pref  Double.parseDoublev2[1]             k.setuserID             forCooccurrence co  matrix.getitemID                  v.setco.getItemID2  ,  pref  co.getNum                 context.writek, v                            codepre
Negative 802 pI am using ionic and get this error message, when switiching between my tabs The error only occurs when switching the tabs and I have got no clue where it might come fromp  precode TypeError Cannot read property then of undefined     at Object.ngIfWatchAction [as fn] httplocalhost8100libangularangular.js2347647     at Scope.digest httplocalhost8100libangularangular.js1422329     at Scope.apply httplocalhost8100libangularangular.js1448624     at HTMLAnchorElement.ltanonymousgt httplocalhost8100libionicreleasejsionicangular.js887320     at HTMLAnchorElement.eventHandler httplocalhost8100libangularangular.js300921     at triggerMouseEvent httplocalhost8100libionicreleasejsionic.js26417     at tapClick httplocalhost8100libionicreleasejsionic.js26303     at HTMLDocument.tapMouseUp httplocalhost8100libionicreleasejsionic.js27005angular.js11592 anonymous functionangular.js8542 anonymous functionangular.js14241 Scope.digestangular.js14486 Scope.applyionicangular.js8873 anonymous functionangular.js3009 eventHandlerionic.js2641 triggerMouseEventionic.js2630 tapClickionic.js2700 tapMouseUp codepre  pI think it probably has got something to do with my app.js, where I handle the routingp  precodeangular.modulestarter, [ionic, ngAnimate, home, play, settings, chatMaster, registration, login, angular.css.injector, map, coins]  .runfunction ionicPlatform      ionicPlatform.readyfunction            Hide the accessory bar by default remove this to show the accessory bar above the keyboard          for form inputs         if window.cordova ampamp window.cordova.plugins.Keyboard              cordova.plugins.Keyboard.hideKeyboardAccessoryBartrue                  if window.StatusBar               org.apache.cordova.statusbar required             StatusBar.styleDefault                 .configfunction stateProvider, urlRouterProvider, cssInjectorProvider        Ionic uses AngularUI Router which uses the concept of states      Learn more here httpsgithub.comangularuiuirouter      Set up the various states which the app can be in.      Each states controller can be found in controllers.js     stateProvider       setup an abstract state for the tabs directive     .statetab,          url tab,         abstract true,         templateUrl templatestabs.html           .statelogin,          url login,         templateUrl templateslogin.html,         data              css styleslogin.css                    .stateregistration,          url registration,         templateUrl templatesregistration.html,            Each tab has its own nav history stack      .statetab.home,          url home,         views              tabhome                  templateUrl templatestabhome.html,                 controller homeCtrl                                 .statetab.playscreen,          url playscreen,         views              tabhome                  templateUrl templatesplayscreen.html,                 controller playCtrl,                                 .statetab.map,          url playscreenmap,         views              tabhome                  templateUrl templatesmap.html,                 controller mapCtrl                                  .statetab.chatmaster,          url chatmaster,         views              tabchatmaster                  templateUrl templatestabchatmaster.html,                 controller chatMasterCtrl                                 .statetab.coins,          url coins,         views              tabcoins                  templateUrl templatestabcoins.html,                 controller coinsCtrl                                 .statetab.settings,          url settings,         views              tabsettings                  templateUrl templatestabsettings.html,                 controller settingsCtrl                                  if none of the above states are matched, use this as the fallback     urlRouterProvider.otherwiselogin      After a page change all injected CSS files are removed     cssInjectorProvider.setSinglePageModetrue  codepre  pI really hope that you can find anything or at least give me a clue where to look at.p  pThanks p
Negative 802 pI have a video, and I want it to FULL 100 of the width, and 220px of the height p  precodeltvideo  controlscontrolsgt    ltsource srcvideosport.m4v typevideomp4 gt    ltsource srcvideosport.ogg typevideoogg gt    ltsource srcvideosport.flv typevideoflv gt codepre  pp  pbut the problem when i change the height to 220px also width change as well p  precodevideo   width 100 important  height220px important  codepre
Negative 802 pI have a text file with data written in the following key,value formatp  precode1,34 5,67 8,88 codepre  pThe file is placed in the local file system.p  pI want to convert it into one hadoop sequence file, again on local file system, for using it in mahout. The sequence file should have all the records. For record 1, for example, 1 is the key and 34 is value. Similarly for other records. p  pI am new to Java. I shall be grateful for help. p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pIve installed new theme on blog, and I went to SettingsMedia and choose larger image size from 940px to 1184px. To rebuild images, Ive tried running couple of Resize thumbnail plugins, but none of them worked references to images are lost. If I go to edit post and click on the image, then Edit, this will open edit image popup and image size is se to large with old dimension. But then I click Update, and image will get newly defined size 1184px. But I dont want to go through each post and every image to update image sizes manually.p  pIs there any way to do it programaticallyp
Negative 802 pI cant get shadow mapping to work in my application. I try to render a quad bike and view its shadow on a floor beneath it. Heres some of my code. Texture creationp  precode     Create a depth texture     glGenTextures1, ampdepthtexture     glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, depthtexture      Allocate storage for the texture data     glTexImage2DGLTEXTURE2D, 0, GLDEPTHCOMPONENT32 ,1600, 900, 0, GLDEPTHCOMPONENT, GLFLOAT, NULL      Set the default filtering modes     glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMINFILTER, GLLINEAR     glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREMAGFILTER, GLLINEAR      Set up wrapping modes     glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREWRAPS, GLCLAMPTOEDGE     glTexParameteriGLTEXTURE2D, GLTEXTUREWRAPT, GLCLAMPTOEDGE     glBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, 0      Create FBO to render depth into     glGenFramebuffers1, ampdepthfbo     glBindFramebufferGLFRAMEBUFFER, depthfbo      Attach the depth texture to it     glFramebufferTextureGLFRAMEBUFFER, GLDEPTHATTACHMENT,     depthtexture, 0      Disable color rendering as there are no color attachments     glDrawBufferGLNONE     check fbo status     GLenum result  glCheckFramebufferStatusGLFRAMEBUFFER     ifresult  GLFRAMEBUFFERCOMPLETE         throw stdruntimeerrorshadow mapping framebuffer error     bind default framebuffer     glBindFramebufferGLFRAMEBUFFER, 0 codepre  prender to depth texturep  precodeprogShadow.Use glBindFramebufferGLFRAMEBUFFER, depthfbo  glClearGLDEPTHBUFFERBIT  glmmat4 shadowProjection  glmfrustum1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 100.0f glmmat4 shadowView  glmlookAtlight.position, glmvec30,0,0, glmvec30,1,0 glmmat4 shadowModel1 ifgrotate     shadowModel  glmrotatefloatclock  floatCLOCKSPERSEC, glmvec30,1,0 glmmat4 shadowMVP  shadowProjection  shadowView  shadowModel progShadow.SetUniformMVPMatrix, shadowMVP quadBike.Draw codepre  pI also use a test shader program that renders my depth texture. Heres what it looks like. img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comGeDl4.png altimagep  pSo I guess Im good until now. Now I render the scene normally.p  precodeglBindTextureGLTEXTURE2D, depthtexture prog.Usemain program glBindFramebufferGLFRAMEBUFFER, 0 glClearGLCOLORBUFFERBIT  GLDEPTHBUFFERBIT glmmat4 shadowBias  glmmat40.5, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0,                                  0.0, 0.5, 0.0, 0.0,                                  0.0, 0.0, 0.5, 0.0,                                  0.5, 0.5, 0.5, 1.0 glmmat4 ShadowBiasMVP  shadowBias  shadowMVP prog.SetUniformShadowBiasMVP, ShadowBiasMVP  draw quadBike and floor ... codepre  pRelevant parts of my vertex shaderp  precodeversion 430  ...  out vec4 shadowCoord  void main      glPosition  ProjectionMatrix  CameraMatrix  ModelMatrix  vec4vertex, 1.0     shadowCoord  ShadowBiasMVP  vec4vertex, 1.0     ...  codepre  pRelevant parts of my fragment shaderp  precodeversion 430  ...  uniform sampler2D shadowMap in vec4 shadowCoord  void main      ...      float visibility  1.0     if  textureshadowMap, shadowCoord.xy.z lt  shadowCoord.z         visibility  0.0      ...  codepre  pNow the problem is that I get a scene that is fully dark as if it was all covered by shadow. Only when the light is really close to the quad bike, it renders it normally. the depth texture is visible on the right side because its rendered with a different program. I use it for testing img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comAli25.jpg altscenep  pWhat am I doing wrongp
Negative 802 pIts hard to describe My question, and I will Try my best.  I have a BMP picture, I need to parse it to an array in Hex format. The pixels is 1024768. When I parse it using Java, I have to create an array which length is 1024768  786432. Then I can parse the BMP file and store it in the array. But this is not what I want to get... The result I want to get is same with the following tool The tool is GUIBitMapConvert generated actionsOpen a BMP file, and select ImageconvertInfoGray4 2 BPP img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comteXh2.png altOpen a BMP file, and select ImagegtconvertInfogtGray4 2 BPP And then save as .c file it just support this function, and it will pop up dialog to let me select  the format img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comKaD8n.png altlet me to select the formatp  pThen I open the .c file I can get the Hex array and its length is just 196608 which is just one fourth of 786432. I have to generate the same result as it is required, but I dont know where or what should I set while parsing the BMP file in java. I have searched almost all the related questions in stackoverflow but still didnt get the solution. It has blocked me several days, Any help will be appreciated very muchp  pI would also like to paste my java code here about how to I parse the BMP filep  precodepackage meetingcard  import java.awt.Image  public class PictureParser2      private static BufferedImage loadImageString srcpath throws IOException          return ImageIO.readnew Filesrcpath           private static int[] handlepixelsImage img, int x, int y, int w, int h             throws InterruptedException          int[] pixels  new int[w  h]         PixelGrabber pg  new PixelGrabberimg, x, y, w, h, pixels, 0, w         System.out.printlnColor modelpg.getColorModel         pg.grabPixels         return pixels           private static String intToGrayHexStrint val          int red  val gtgt 16 amp 0xff         int green  val gtgt 8 amp 0xff         int blue  val amp 0xff         int gray  int 0.30  red  0.59  green  0.11  blue         String strVal  Integer.toHexStringgray          strVal  String.format2s, strVal         strVal  strVal.replace , 0         strVal  strVal.toUpperCase         return 0x.concatstrVal           public static String convertString srcpath, String despath             throws IOException, InterruptedException          System.out.printlnsrcpathsrcpath         System.out.printlndespathdespath         BufferedImage bufferedImage  loadImagesrcpath         int w  bufferedImage.getWidth         int h  bufferedImage.getHeight         int[] pixels  handlepixelsbufferedImage, 0, 0, w, h         StringBuilder builder  new StringBuilder         for int index  0 index lt pixels.length index              builder.appendintToGrayHexStrpixels[index].append,                  FileWriter writer  new FileWriterdespath         writer.writebuilder.toString         writer.flush         writer.close         return builder.toString           public static void mainString[] args throws IOException,             InterruptedException          String picturePath  E1024768testConvert.bmp         String textpath  E1024768testConvert.txt         convertpicturePath, textpath       codepre
Negative 802 pI was going trough ways to limit results in SQL and I have come across such a wayp  precodeSELECT name FROM employees e WHERE 2gt SELECT COUNT FROM employees e1 WHERE e1.birthdategte.birthdate codepre  pThis query returns three youngest employees but I dont quite get how this query works. How come it is 2 and not 2lt Could anyone please shed the light on what this query does Thank you p
Negative 802 pI have a problem after updating phpmyadmin to 4.3.2 i dont know if it was a problem before the updated version. Running on centosdirectadmin VPS.p  pAfter uploading a odf or csv file phpmyadmin turns blank. The same not large 5000 rows excel file uploaded on other vps works fine. Convert it with export to sql, and then uploaded it on first vps works also perfect.p  pAnyone know whats going on herep
Negative 802 pCan anyone please explain what are the differences between codeMPIScattercode and codeMPIBcastcode Beside the fact that any process can broadcast using codeMPIScattercode and only root can use codeMPIBcastcodep  pIn which cases I should use the first one over the otherp
Negative 802 pI have a code which is huge but I need help with one part. I made this function and it brings information of people from my .txt file.p  pIf I want to sort it alphabetically and with their ID ie. 123456 earlier than 132456 this might be separate and optional, how to do thisp  precodesortRecord      int b int c FILE fp fp  fopensuspectfile.txt, r if fp      while c  getcfp  EOF         putcharc       fclosefp  codepre
Negative 802 pSo I have my asp.net mvc wep app divided in multiple projects like MyProj.BusinessLogic, MyProj.Domain, MyProj,Web and MyProj.DAL.p  pI downloaded a NuGet package in the business logic layer that parse some articles Read Sharp. My problem is that the package is making an POCO class ReadSharp.Article after the parse and I would like to keep it that way not just get some string from its content but that means i have to add the package to the other layers to use it or at least to the domain layer and make a class MyArticle that would copy the content from the ReadSharp.Article class. But downloading the package to more than one layer dosent look ok right Or I could take the code out of that package and move the Article to my domain and make the ReadSharp use my domain.p  pOr maybe theres another best practice. Please help.p
Negative 802 pIm getting a really strange EXCBADACCESS crash in my app. The code that causes the crash isp  pre classlangswift prettyprintoverridecodeprivate func isValidGridCoordinatecoord  CGPoint gt Bool      return coord.x lt 0  coord.x gt gridSize.width          coord.y lt 0  coord.y gt gridSize.height  codepre  pBut when I look at the memory in XCode, I see that the values in coord, self and gridSize are exactly as expected. Why would this error happen if none of my objects are nilp  pEDIT The code that calls this function at the crash isp  pre classlangswift prettyprintoverridecodeprivate func caveCellFromGridCoordinatecoord  CGPoint gt CaveCell      if isValidGridCoordinatecoord          return self.grid[Intcoord.y][Intcoord.x] as CaveCell          return nil  codepre
Negative 802 pI am currently using strongSeleniumstrong and strongPhantomJSstrong with Python to crawl emrendered web pagesem. It is easy to check if some word is present in the HTML content ex. codeif example in htmlcode..., but I am interested in searching the pages for elements containing a CSS property with a value that is greater than or equal to something. p  pFor example, it would be ideal to crawl a list of sites and save the pages that have CSS giving an element a zindex an abnormally large value. Everything is built, except for the CSS crawling functionality for the rendered pages. Does anyone have any advice for tackling thisp
Negative 802 pI have a scenario where Im deliberately trying to violate a codeunique constraintcode, expecting Springs codeDataIntegrityViolationExceptioncode to be thrown, however it is never the case.  codejavax.persistence.PersistenceExceptioncode is thrown with a cause of codeorg.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationExceptioncode but no Spring Translation Takes place.p  pThe codeDAOcode and codeServicecode classes are correctly annotated with codeRepositorycode and codeServicecode and the Repository codePersistenceContextcodeed.p  pServicep  precode  Service   public class BookServiceImpl implements BookService    Inject private BookDAO bookDao    Transactionalpropagation  Propagation.REQUIRED   public Book createBookBook book      Book bk  null     try        bk  bookDao.makePersistentbook      catch AppDAOException e        throw new AppServiceExceptione          return bk     codepre  pMy Configp  pp  precodeltbean idlibmsEMF     classorg.springframework.orm.jpa.LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBeangt     ltproperty namedataSource reflibmsDS gt     ltproperty namejpaVendorAdapter refjpaVendorAdapter gt ltbeangt  ltbean idtransactionManager classorg.springframework.orm.jpa.JpaTransactionManagergt     ltproperty nameentityManagerFactory reflibmsEMF gt     ltproperty namedataSource reflibmsDS gt ltbeangt  ltbean idjpaVendorAdapter     classorg.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor.HibernateJpaVendorAdaptergt      ltproperty namedatabase valueSQLSERVER gt     ltproperty nameshowSql valuefalse gt     ltproperty namegenerateDdl valuefalse gt     ltproperty namedatabasePlatform valueorg.hibernate.dialect.SQLServer2008Dialect gt ltbeangt  ltbean     classorg.springframework.dao.annotation.PersistenceExceptionTranslationPostProcessor gt codepre  pException tracep  precodeCaused by javax.persistence.PersistenceException org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException could not execute statement   at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.convertAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1763   at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.convertAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1677   at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.convertAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1683   at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.persistAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1187   at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method   at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57   at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43   at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606   at org.springframework.orm.jpa.SharedEntityManagerCreatorSharedEntityManagerInvocationHandler.invokeSharedEntityManagerCreator.java289   at com.sun.proxy.Proxy60.persistUnknown Source   at com.hurontg.common.persistence.AbstractGenericDAOImpl.makePersistentAbstractGenericDAOImpl.java103   ... 57 more Caused by org.hibernate.exception.ConstraintViolationException could not execute statement   at org.hibernate.exception.internal.SQLStateConversionDelegate.convertSQLStateConversionDelegate.java129   at org.hibernate.exception.internal.StandardSQLExceptionConverter.convertStandardSQLExceptionConverter.java49   at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper.convertSqlExceptionHelper.java126   at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.spi.SqlExceptionHelper.convertSqlExceptionHelper.java112   at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.internal.ResultSetReturnImpl.executeUpdateResultSetReturnImpl.java211   at org.hibernate.id.IdentityGeneratorGetGeneratedKeysDelegate.executeAndExtractIdentityGenerator.java96   at org.hibernate.id.insert.AbstractReturningDelegate.performInsertAbstractReturningDelegate.java58   at org.hibernate.persister.entity.AbstractEntityPersister.insertAbstractEntityPersister.java3032   at org.hibernate.persister.entity.AbstractEntityPersister.insertAbstractEntityPersister.java3558   at org.hibernate.action.internal.EntityIdentityInsertAction.executeEntityIdentityInsertAction.java98   at org.hibernate.engine.spi.ActionQueue.executeActionQueue.java490   at org.hibernate.engine.spi.ActionQueue.addResolvedEntityInsertActionActionQueue.java195   at org.hibernate.engine.spi.ActionQueue.addInsertActionActionQueue.java179   at org.hibernate.engine.spi.ActionQueue.addActionActionQueue.java214   at org.hibernate.event.internal.AbstractSaveEventListener.addInsertActionAbstractSaveEventListener.java324   at org.hibernate.event.internal.AbstractSaveEventListener.performSaveOrReplicateAbstractSaveEventListener.java288   at org.hibernate.event.internal.AbstractSaveEventListener.performSaveAbstractSaveEventListener.java194   at org.hibernate.event.internal.AbstractSaveEventListener.saveWithGeneratedIdAbstractSaveEventListener.java125   at org.hibernate.jpa.event.internal.core.JpaPersistEventListener.saveWithGeneratedIdJpaPersistEventListener.java84   at org.hibernate.event.internal.DefaultPersistEventListener.entityIsTransientDefaultPersistEventListener.java206   at org.hibernate.event.internal.DefaultPersistEventListener.onPersistDefaultPersistEventListener.java149   at org.hibernate.event.internal.DefaultPersistEventListener.onPersistDefaultPersistEventListener.java75   at org.hibernate.internal.SessionImpl.firePersistSessionImpl.java811   at org.hibernate.internal.SessionImpl.persistSessionImpl.java784   at org.hibernate.internal.SessionImpl.persistSessionImpl.java789   at org.hibernate.jpa.spi.AbstractEntityManagerImpl.persistAbstractEntityManagerImpl.java1181   ... 64 more Caused by java.sql.SQLException Violation of UNIQUE KEY constraint UKAUTHORTITLE. Cannot insert duplicate key in object dbo.BOOK. The duplicate key value is Jim Corbett, The Temple Tiger.   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.SQLDiagnostic.addDiagnosticSQLDiagnostic.java372   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.TdsCore.tdsErrorTokenTdsCore.java2886   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.TdsCore.nextTokenTdsCore.java2328   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.TdsCore.getMoreResultsTdsCore.java638   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.JtdsStatement.processResultsJtdsStatement.java614   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.JtdsStatement.executeSQLJtdsStatement.java573   at net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.JtdsPreparedStatement.executeUpdateJtdsPreparedStatement.java707   at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method   at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57   at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43   at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606   at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.interceptor.AbstractQueryReportStatementProxy.invokeAbstractQueryReport.java235   at com.sun.proxy.Proxy70.executeUpdateUnknown Source   at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method   at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57   at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43   at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606   at org.apache.tomcat.jdbc.pool.interceptor.AbstractQueryReportStatementProxy.invokeAbstractQueryReport.java235   at com.sun.proxy.Proxy70.executeUpdateUnknown Source   at org.hibernate.engine.jdbc.internal.ResultSetReturnImpl.executeUpdateResultSetReturnImpl.java208   ... 85 more codepre
Negative 802 pI am defining some variables within the Android.mk file I am passing some flags for the compiler, but every time I build my project, the Android.mk is overwritten. I am assuming that Gradle is responsible and that I should be looking there strongHow do I use my own Android.mk filestrongp  pstrongBackground Infostrongp  pUbunto 64bit, Android Studio 1.0.1, JDK7. I have wrapped my NDK version with a hrefhttpsfuzion24.github.ioandroidobfuscationndkllvmollvm20140727androidobfuscationollvmndk relnofollowOLLVM NDKa, and as such am editing the Android.mk file located at appbuildintermediatesndkdebug its the only Android.mk file within my project dir, different to the location that the doc for OLLVM gives examples of.p  pAlso, there is no Application.mk file, so again I am assuming that Gradle is responsible for the calls to the compilerp  pAny help would be greatly appreciated.p  pKylep  hr  pstrongUpdated informationstrongp  pstrongbuild.gradlestrong  strongappstrongp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeThe following code until the  line is the new build.gradle config file  that disables automatic Android.mk file generation  import org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.condition.Os apply plugin com.android.application  android       compileSdkVersion 21     buildToolsVersion 21.1.2      defaultConfig          applicationId com.md.helloworld         minSdkVersion 15         targetSdkVersion 21         versionCode 1         versionName 1.0         ndk              moduleName MyLib                    buildTypes          release              minifyEnabled false             proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.pro                    sourceSets.main          jniLibs.srcDir srcmainlibs set libs as .sos location instead of jni         jni.srcDirs  [] disable automatic ndkbuild call with autogenerated Android.mk file            Call regular ndkbuild .cmd script from the app directory     task ndkBuildtype Exec          commandLine ndkbuild, C, filesrcmain.absolutePath           tasks.withTypeJavaCompile          compileTask gt compileTask.dependsOn ndkBuild        dependencies      compile fileTreedir libs, include [.jar]     compile com.android.supportappcompatv721.0.3    The following code is the original Android.mk file  apply plugin com.android.application  android      compileSdkVersion 21     buildToolsVersion 21.1.2      defaultConfig          applicationId com.md.helloworld         minSdkVersion 15         targetSdkVersion 21         versionCode 1         versionName 1.0         The only modified line         ndk              moduleName MyLib                   buildTypes          release              minifyEnabled false             proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFileproguardandroid.txt, proguardrules.pro                 dependencies      compile fileTreedir libs, include [.jar]     compile com.android.supportappcompatv721.0.3  codepre div div p  pstrongAndroid.mkstrongp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeLOCALPATH  call mydir  include CLEARVARS  LOCALMODULE     helloWorld LOCALSRCFILES  main.c  LOCALLDLIBS  static  include BUILDEXECUTABLEcodepre div div p  pstrongApplication.mkstrongp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeLOCALPATH  call mydir  include CLEARVARS  APPABI  armeabi  NDKTOOLCHAINVERSION  clang3.4obfuscator  include BUILDEXECUTABLEcodepre div div p  pstrongemPlease note I am not passing any cflags just yet, I am trying to get a Vanilla build working firstemstrongp
Negative 802 pHow to extract all words between codelttextgtlttextgtcode from big xml file 1.3 gb whose structure is as followsp  precodeltmediawiki xmlnshttpwww.mediawiki.orgxmlexport0.10 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xsischemaLocationhttpwww.mediawiki.orgxmlexport0.10 httpwww.mediawiki.orgxmlexport0.10.xsd version0.10 xmllangplgt   ltsiteinfogt     ltsitenamegtWikipedialtsitenamegt     ltdbnamegtplwikiltdbnamegt     ltbasegthttppl.wikipedia.orgwikiWikipediaStronagC582C3B3wnaltbasegt     ltgeneratorgtMediaWiki 1.25wmf12ltgeneratorgt     ltcasegtfirstletterltcasegt     ltnamespacesgt       ltnamespace key2 casefirstlettergtMedialtnamespacegt       ltnamespace key1 casefirstlettergtSpecjalnaltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key0 casefirstletter gt       ltnamespace key1 casefirstlettergtDyskusjaltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key2 casefirstlettergtWikipedystaltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key3 casefirstlettergtDyskusja wikipedystyltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key4 casefirstlettergtWikipedialtnamespacegt       ltnamespace key5 casefirstlettergtDyskusja Wikipediiltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key6 casefirstlettergtPlikltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key7 casefirstlettergtDyskusja plikultnamespacegt       ltnamespace key8 casefirstlettergtMediaWikiltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key9 casefirstlettergtDyskusja MediaWikiltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key10 casefirstlettergtSzablonltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key11 casefirstlettergtDyskusja szablonultnamespacegt       ltnamespace key12 casefirstlettergtPomocltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key13 casefirstlettergtDyskusja pomocyltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key14 casefirstlettergtKategorialtnamespacegt       ltnamespace key15 casefirstlettergtDyskusja kategoriiltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key100 casefirstlettergtPortalltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key101 casefirstlettergtDyskusja portalultnamespacegt       ltnamespace key102 casefirstlettergtWikiprojektltnamespacegt       ltnamespace key103 casefirstlettergtDyskusja wikiprojektultnamespacegt       ltnamespace key828 casefirstlettergtModultnamespacegt       ltnamespace key829 casefirstlettergtDyskusja moduultnamespacegt     ltnamespacesgt   ltsiteinfogt   ltpagegt     lttitlegtAWKlttitlegt     ltnsgt0ltnsgt     ltidgt2ltidgt     ltrevisiongt       ltidgt40933900ltidgt       ltparentidgt38565213ltparentidgt       lttimestampgt20141112T134835Zlttimestampgt       ltcontributorgt         ltusernamegtToSterltusernamegt         ltidgt70424ltidgt       ltcontributorgt       ltminor gt       ltcommentgt[[WPSK]], drobne techniczneltcommentgt       ltmodelgtwikitextltmodelgt       ltformatgttextxwikiltformatgt       lttext xmlspacepreservegtJzyk programowania infobox Elektrony znajdujce si na najdalszej powoce w atomie nazywane s [[Elektron walencyjnywalencyjnymi]], a ich powoka  [[powoka walencyjnawalencyjn]]. Liczba takich elektronw determinuje waciwoci chemiczne atomw. Atomy, w ktrych powoka walencyjna nie jest w peni wypeniona, atwo oddziauj z innymi atomami, tak aby uzupeni lub oprni t powokampltrefampgtCytuj stron  url  httpwww.cem.msu.edureuschVirtualTextintro1.htm  tytu  Virtual Textbook of Organic Chemistry  data dostpu  20080111  nazwisko  Reusch  imi  William  data  20070716  opublikowany  Michigan State Universityampltrefampgt. Odbywa si to poprzez [[reakcja chemicznareakcje chemiczne]], czyli procesy tworzenia i zrywania [[wizanie chemicznewiza chemicznych]].  Wizania powstaj w efekcie uwsplniania elektronw przez dwa lub wicej atomw [[wizanie kowalencyjne]] albo na skutek przeniesienia elektronw z jednego atomu na drugi [[wizanie jonowe]]. W pierwszym przypadku wspdzielone elektrony tworz jedn, wspln chmur wok poczonych atomw, a w drugim atomy cz si w [[para jonowapary jonowe]], przycigane do siebie [[oddziaywanie elektrostatyczneoddziaywaniem elektrostatycznym]]. O typie wizania decyduje rnica [[elektroujemnoelektroujemnoci]] atomwampltrefampgtcytuj   stronurlhttpwww.chemguide.co.ukatomsbondingionic.htmltytuIonic Electrovalent BondingautorJim Clarkdata 2000opublikowanychemguidejzykendata dostpu20100909ampltrefampgtampltrefampgtCytuj stron  url  httpwww.chemguide.co.ukatomsbondingcovalent.html  tytu  Covalent bonding  Single bonds  rok  2000  opublikowany  chemguideampltrefampgt.       logo       nazwa  AWK     lttextgt           ltsha1gt6fsbyepqq15mfrk3co2i3ck0o4svz1nltsha1gt         ltrevisiongt       ltpagegt       ltpagegt         lttitlegtAlergologialttitlegt         ltnsgt0ltnsgt         ltidgt4ltidgt         ltrevisiongt           ltidgt41351093ltidgt           ltparentidgt35063052ltparentidgt           lttimestampgt20141227T163814Zlttimestampgt           ltcontributorgt             ltusernamegtMishu57ltusernamegt             ltidgt632110ltidgt           ltcontributorgt           ltcommentgt Linki zewntrzne  commonsltcommentgt           ltmodelgtwikitextltmodelgt           ltformatgttextxwikiltformatgt           lttext xmlspacepreservegtAlergologia  dziedzina [[medycynamedycyny]] zajmujca si rozpoznawaniem i [[leczenieleczeniem]] [[alergiaschorze alergicznych]].   Zobacz te  wikisownikalergologia  [[alergen]]   Linki zewntrzne  commonscatAllergology  [httpwww.pta.med.pl Polskie Towarzystwo Alergologiczne]  [httpwww.alergologia.org Portal Lekarzy Alergologw alergologia.org]  [httpalergie.mp.pl Alergie.mp.pl, serwis wydawnictwa Medycyna Praktyczna]   ZastrzeeniaMedycyna  Specjalnoci medyczne  [[KategoriaAlergologia ]] [[KategoriaSpecjalnoci lekarskie]]lttextgt       ltsha1gt5sgz8sbnobk66fyywx5p8v366s5p5zultsha1gt     ltrevisiongt   ltpagegt codepre  pAnd save it to txt file likep  precodeJezyk programowania infobox ... alergologia dziedzina medycyna  ... codepre  pAll special characters like [, , [ , amp] should be cut out. It has many codelttextgtcode sections. How to do this in python I dont have much ram memory in my pc, so it should iterate somehow.p  pCould you help me, pleasep  pAt least does anyone know how to convert this file only text section into csv or json file. CSV most desired form is as given above.p
Negative 802 pIve been playing around with genetic programming for some time and started wondering how to implement looping constructs.p  pIn the case of for loops I can think of 3 parametersp  ul   libstartb starting value of counter li   libendb counter upper limit li   libexpressionb the expression to execute while icounteri lt iendi li ul  pNow the tricky part is the iexpressioni because it generates the same value in every iteration unless icounteri is somehow injected into it. So I could allow the symbol for icounteri to be present in the expressions but then how do I prevent it from appearing outside of for loopsp  pAnother problem is using the result of the expression. I could have a for loop which sums the results, another one which multiplies them together but thats limiting and doesnt seem right. I would like a general solution, not one for every operator.p  pSo does anyone know a good method to implement loops in genetic programmingp
Negative 802 pIve created a WCF Rest service that reads google APIs json data and sends a jsonp response back to another application. I have a class that returns a list collection of another class and one integer member called total.p  pMy jsonp format is like p  precode   jsonCallbackresults[list  titlePulkit Gulati, htmlSnippet  ...,                                       titlePulkit Gulati, htmlSnippet  ...                            ],                  total50      [DataContract] public class GResult      [DataMemberOrder2]     public string htmlSnippet  get set       [DataMemberOrder1]     public string title  get set    [DataContract] public class GResultPadding      [DataMemberOrder1]     public IEnumerableltGResultgt list  get set      [DataMemberOrder2]     public int total  get set   codepre  pI want the output response as below, list removedp  precodejsonCallbackresults[titlePulkit Gulati, htmlSnippet  ...,                                       titlePulkit Gulati, htmlSnippet  ...                            ],                  total50     codepre  pMy method returnsp  precodeGResultPadding getDataFromGooglestring firstName, string lastName codepre  pIs there a way that I can remove the key list from this response and keep the collection without this The rest of the formed result is fine. Im using body style as Wrapped and WebGet for the method.p
Negative 802 pIm getting a really weird error for me. Wed added a new dependency to the projects pom file. The jar file are in the project downloaded from the repository and we can see all all the class files and the source code.  We added some code in our program to create some classes defined in the new jar file. The code compiles without errors and the war file deploy in the webserver websphere without problems too.  But when debugging the program we found an codejava.lang.NoClassDefFoundErrorcode exception when we try to create the first object from the new jar file.p  pToday I found that the jar file have been compiled with jdk 1.7 and all our projects is compiled using 1.6 jdk. I see the jdk used to compile the jar file in the manifest file. Is this info correct  The difference between jdks used in jar file and my project could cause the problem  p  pI checked that the jar file definition exists in classpath and websphere server was rebooted several times.p  pStacktrace p  precodeCaused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException cnaf.verificateurbiciban.ws.v1.VerificateurbicibanV1ServiceCnaf     at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClassURLClassLoader.java423     at com.ibm.ws.bootstrap.ExtClassLoader.findClassExtClassLoader.java191     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java660     at com.ibm.ws.bootstrap.ExtClassLoader.loadClassExtClassLoader.java111     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java626     at com.ibm.ws.classloader.ProtectionClassLoader.loadClassProtectionClassLoader.java62     at com.ibm.ws.classloader.ProtectionClassLoader.loadClassProtectionClassLoader.java58     at com.ibm.ws.classloader.CompoundClassLoader.loadClassCompoundClassLoader.java510     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java626     at com.ibm.ws.classloader.CompoundClassLoader.loadClassCompoundClassLoader.java542     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java626     at com.ibm.ws.classloader.CompoundClassLoader.loadClassCompoundClassLoader.java542     at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassClassLoader.java626     ... 56 more codepre
Negative 802 pI only saw transactions used for updates in order to have consistent data. But what about queries Does that make any sense to use transactions for queries For example I want to have all names of employees of a company. But I need this query for another update and it is very important that there wasnt a mistake in this result. So a solution would be that you make all the queries as a transaction. p  pI am asking this because I have a suspicion that this might not be a clever idea for some reason.p  pthanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pIm trying to load a file containing 3D geometry using Away3D.  Its basically an XML file that contains some relative paths to image files that also need to be loaded.p  precodevar loaderLoader3D  new Loader3Dtrue, null var tokenAssetLoaderToken  loader.loadnew URLRequestresroom.dae token.addEventListenerAssetEvent.ASSETCOMPLETE, onAssetComplete codepre  pAnyhow, Im having trouble figuring out where to place these files so that my program is able to find them.  If I just place them in the same directory as the actionscript files, they arent copied to the debug directory and my program cant find them when run.  Also, when I finally publish my program I want to make sure these files are bundled along with the rest of my SWF.p  pWhats the right way to set up my paths for doing thisp
Negative 802 pBelow is my sample codep  precodeltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetUTF8gt lttitlegtInsert title herelttitlegt ltscript srchttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.1jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.readyfunction          var emaildef  Enter email address...         input[typeemail].attrvalue, emaildef.focusfunction              if this.val  emaildef                  this.attrvalue,                       .blurfunction                    alertthis.val             if this.val                              alertemaildef                 this.attrvalue, emaildef                            ltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbodygt     ltformgt         Email ltinput typeemail idemailForm size30gt ltinput             typesubmit idsubmitFormgt     ltformgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pBefore I enter text, the hover and blur functionalities are working fine. Once I enter some text and delete this text, it does not bring back the default message. Why so Can you suggest what is wrong in my codep
Negative 802 pBased in the users selection on the TASK Wizard page, I need to be able to use the answer to create 5different variablesvariant to use in the FILES amp ICONS sections.p  pExamples 1. Results would indicate what directory to place files into. 2. Results would also indicate what the TEXT in the Perameters would be.p  pEach example above would be a different variablevariantp  pThese variants would essentially replace defines variable that I am currently using.p  pMy application is a multistate application with each state having different support file contents, I wish to be able to use the TASK option instead of having a separate exe file for each.p
Negative 802 pWhen I do codedocument.location.reloadtruecode, I getp  precode20150118 171843.642 MyApp[2344681208] Failed to load webpage with error The operation couldnt be completed. NSURLErrorDomain error 999. codepre
Negative 802 pwondering if you can help me with the following.p  pI have a new server in my office, with Windows Server 2008 R2, i have 2 developers working here now, i have just installed WAMP on the server and running, i would like that each of the devs to have their own instance in the wamp, i mean if within strongwwwstrong i have strongNstrong quantity of Projects.p  pProgrammer A gets access to some projects only, also the Databases.p  pAt this point i know how to setup the wamp to be accessed in the LAN using Vhosts, but i have no clue how to setup specific privileges.p  pCould not find anything on the web on that issue.p
Negative 802 pSo this is my DataSet I want to pass Handlebarsp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodeHandlebars.templates.testEvents Events, foo1 foo1, foo2 foo2 codepre div div p  pThe focus will be on Events Events p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeEvents  [   bla1 John W, bla2 1400, this is one Event   bla1 Jason K, bla2 1800 and this is one Event ] codepre div div p  pAnd this is test.handlebarsp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeeach Events  ltdiv dataeventthisgt  lt Here i want to insert the whole Object Event    ltdivgtthis.bla1ltdivgt   ltdivgtthis.bla2ltdivgt  ltdivgt  eachcodepre div div p  pHow can I pass the whole Event as an Object to dataevent I tried it with this like above but it failed for me.p
Negative 802 pIm developing for Google Glass and have been having issues uploading files from Glass to a servlet application I am using to manage API calls.  I set up a client ID and secret to authenticate the api calls from the servlet app, using the Developers console.  Ive seen these links mentioning http requests from glassbr a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23787008httprequestsinglassgdkHTTP Requests in Glass GDK 1a br a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21209684googleglassuploadfilesusinghttpclientGoogle Glass upload files using httpclienta br ...but they have not been incredibly helpful. I do have the Internet permissions set up in the manifest file. This is the code I havep  precodepublic class MyAsyncTask extends AsyncTaskltVoid, Void, Voidgt    private static final String TAG  MyAsyncTask   private static String FILEPATH   private String fileType   private static final String HOSTURLhttp10.0.2.28080main   private static java.io.File fileToUpload  public MyAsyncTaskString filePath     FILEPATHfilePath     fileToUploadnew java.io.FileFILEPATH     Log.dTAG,FILEPATH     fileTypeFILEPATH.substringFILEPATH.indexOf.  Override protected Void doInBackgroundVoid... params      post     return null   private int post       int resultCode  0      String url  HOSTURL      HttpClient client  new DefaultHttpClient     HttpPost post  new HttpPosturl       ListltNameValuePairgt urlParameters  new ArrayListltNameValuePairgt     urlParameters.addnew BasicNameValuePairsource, glass      try          post.setEntitynew UrlEncodedFormEntityurlParameters          HttpResponse response  client.executepost         System.out.printlnnSending POST request to URL    url         System.out.printlnPost parameters    post.getEntity         System.out.printlnResponse Code                    response.getStatusLine.getStatusCode          resultCode  response.getStatusLine.getStatusCode          BufferedReader rd  new BufferedReader                 new InputStreamReaderresponse.getEntity.getContent          StringBuffer result  new StringBuffer         String line           while line  rd.readLine  null              result.appendline                   System.out.printlnresult.toString      catch Exception e          Log.ePOST, e.getMessage           return resultCode  codepre  pThe result of calling MyAsyncTaskfilePath.execute is that the connection is refused.  I set the URL to what it is because I read that localhost might be referring to the Glass device like it does when the Android emulator is run, but the servlet is running at a hrefhttplocalhost8080 relnofollowhttplocalhost8080a.  p  pFor reference I use Jetty 6.1.x for my servlet.p  pWhat could my issue be Does Glass not support firing HTTP requests Should I be trying to authenticate where I have not  I would be happy to provide any other referential information if requested. Id very much appreciate any guidance and expertise. Thank you.p
Negative 802 pIm creating a website for my local running club. Every time someones runs a race, itll be entered into a database MySQL. At the moment Im looking to fetch a json array containing  the following structurep  precode[racerace1,date01012015,distance    [5k[name John, nameBrad],     10K[nameMarc,nameSteve   ], second race same format...] codepre  pAs you may notice each race has multiple racedistances and each distances has its own runners. Is there an easy way to create such a 3darray to convert to a json array Or do I need to customly fill the rows p
Negative 802 pIm working on a project for Windows Phone 8 with Visual Studio 2012 with C where I want to display some items that each havep  ol lia picture    li lia titleli lia descriptionli lito be able to be clicked so that I can navigate to a certain Pageli ol  pSo I thought I could do that with a stackpanel. But Im not sure how I can add items that have the above properties and to be able to add those items from XAML. I tired adding items through a ItemsControl in stackpanel but Im not sure how I can add more complex items like the one I want.p
Negative 802 pFor my Windows Store App, I want my application to be active all the time. p  pI am using code below. My Device set to be go into screen lock in 10 seconds, while I am using my application it still goes into lock screen. Am I using this code incorrectlyp  precodeprotected override void OnLaunchedLaunchActivatedEventArgs e       Prevent tablet from sleeping while app is running     Windows.System.Display.DisplayRequest KeepScreenOnRequest  new Windows.System.Display.DisplayRequest     KeepScreenOnRequest.RequestActive  codepre
Negative 802 pIm using libuv in a C program. I have two classes, A and B that inherit from C.p  pI use libuv and declared an instance of codeuvsignaltcode on C. Creating an instance of codeuvsignaltcode requires a callback to be passed. I can easily pass a lambda to the C function to go around the problem of references to static member functionsp  precodeconst int32t r  uvsignalstartampthisgtsignal, []uvsignalt handle, int signum, SIGABRT codepre  pBut how can I provide a different implementation of the callback on each child class Ideally Id have some common code implemented on C.cpp and additional code on each child.p  pstrongUpdatestrongp  pTo be clear, I cannot change the signature of the callback method, as its defined by libuv. I could edit the source for libuv, but Im not sure I want to go that deep.p
Negative 802 pIn Viewp  precodeltinput typetext hiddenhidden id nameString namenameString valuexyz gt Html.ActionLinkSave, HomePage, ControllerName, new  nameString   Value from above input here.  codepre  pIn this case I want to pass xyz through this hyperlink.p  pCant use Get or POST methods to pass this value. p  pThis HomePage view is not the current ActionLink view either, so cant grab the value in Controller using Request.Form[nameString]p  pI tried JQuery like following but its not workingp  precodevar nameVar  document.getElementByIdnameString.value .ajax                 type GET,                 url Url.ActionHomePage, ControllerName,                 data  nameString  nameVar                                  codepre  pI checked in debugger and saw that Controller is actually getting value and processing it but nothing is coming on browser. I am not sure how ajax works.p
Negative 802 pPreviously I developed everything DB related in SSMS but since I didnt have it setup with any source control I decided to move it into Visual Studio where I develop everything else as a Database Project.p  pThis works quite well for most things but I would like to test and debug my stored procedures somehow without publishing the project. Is this possible and how is it done The important thing is that data from the production DB should be accesible for the stored procedures.p
Negative 802 pI know this is already been asked here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12686289intellijideacantbuildanythingalwaysgetpackagerdoesnotexistIntelliJ IDEA  Can39t build anything, always get quotpackage R does not existquotap  pbut it does not solved my problem.I always get package R does not exists every time I rebuild the project.p  pI hope someone can guide me how to fixed this problem.p  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 802 pI am bit new in python, My current code download the csv file and import it in cassandra but as a single thread. is there a way to create 5 or 10 threads to split the csv filerows and read it in parallel and insert the rows in Cassandra one row per thread  , i am trying to create a equity trading Database to store all tick database thus looking for ways to improve the performance of code and methods. please just ignore me if the question sounds bit silly. p  precode    conn  requests.geturl, streamTrue     if conn.statuscode  200        zfile  zipfile.ZipFileio.BytesIOconn.content        zfile.extractall        with opencsvfile as csvd        csvcontent  csv.readercsvd        for row in csvcontent            symbol  row[0]            stype  row[1]            openp  row[2]            highp  row[3]            lowp  row[4]            closep  row[5]            vol  row[8]            dtime  row[10]            cassa.mainload, symbol, dtime, stype, openp, highp, lowp, closep, vol    csvd.close   os.removecsvfile   logging.infocsv file processed succesfully  codepre  pThanks amp Regardsp
Negative 802 pI am currently working with materialize CSS and it seems Ive gotten snagged with the select fields.p  pIm using the example provided from their site but unfortunately it its rendering in the view whatsoever.  I was wondering if someone else might be able to help.p  pWhat I am trying to do is create a row with 2 end spacers that provide padding  then within the inner two row items there should be a search text input and a search select dropdown.p  pThis is the example Im working from a hrefhttpmaterializecss.comforms.htmlhttpmaterializecss.comforms.htmlap  pThank you in advance.p  pHere is the snippet of code in question.p  precodeltdiv classrowgt ltform classcol s12gt     ltdiv classrowgt         ltdiv classinputfield col s2gtltdivgt         ltdiv classinputfield col s5gt             ltinput idiconprefix typetext classvalidate gt             ltlabel foriconprefixgtSearchltlabelgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classinputfield col s3gt             ltlabelgtMaterialize Selectltlabelgt             ltselectgt                 ltoption value disableddisabled selectedselectedgtChoose your optionltoptiongt                 ltoption value1gtOption 1ltoptiongt                 ltoption value2gtOption 2ltoptiongt                 ltoption value3gtOption 3ltoptiongt             ltselectgt         ltdivgt         ltdiv classinputfield col s2gtltdivgt     ltdivgt ltformgt codepre  pp
Negative 802 pI need to set cookies in Javascript, before the browser will begin to fetch images. p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt     document.cookiehidpi1 path ltscriptgt  ltimg srchappyNY.png altgt codepre  pIt works fine in all desktop browsers and in iOS Safari. They are fetching the images with HTTP cookie header had been set.p  precodeGET happyNY.png HTTP1.1 Host localhost Connection keepalive Pragma nocache CacheControl nocache  AcceptEncoding gzip, deflate, sdch Cookie hidpi1 codepre  pThe problem is, that iOS Chrome ignores cookies, while requesting the images.p  precodeGET happyNY.png HTTP1.1 Host localhost Connection keepalive Pragma nocache CacheControl nocache  AcceptEncoding gzip, deflate, sdch codepre  pIf you click F5, then iOS Chrome will request image with HTTP cookie header correctly set.p
Negative 802 pI have following jquery functionp  precodedocument.readyfunction      notification list     .fn.listarNotificacoes  function          return this.eachfunction               .ajax                 url  jsphpfilesnotificacaolistar.php,                 type  post,                 beforeSend function                      notification.htmlltdiv aligncentergtltspan classaguardenotificationgtltspangtltdivgt                 ,                 success functiondata                      notification.htmldata                                                    notification.listarNotificacoes      setIntervalfunction          notification.listarNotificacoes     ,10000 60000  1 min  codepre  pIn the PHP file notificacaolistar.php, I havep  precodeltphp notificacoes  notificacaoBOgtfindByParamnotificacaoVO count  countnotificacoes gt lta href classdropdowntoggle datatoggledropdown idnotificationloadgt  ltspan classglyphicon glyphiconglobegtltspangtltspan classbadgegtltphp echo count gtltspangt ltagt ltul classdropdownmenugt     ltphp     for i  0 i lt count i          notificacaoVO  notificacoes[i]     gt     ltli classnotificationlistgt         ltstronggtltphp echo notificacaoVOgtgetName gtltstronggt         ltphp echo notificacaoVOgtgetDescription gt         lta hrefltphp echo notificacaoVOgtgetLink gtgtltphp echo .notificacaoVOgtgetId gtltagt     ltligt     ltli classdividergtltligt     ltphp  gt ltulgt codepre  pWhen I open in the chrome navigator, Ok. The problem is when open other navigator parallel on the same page. I get the following error of chrome navigatorp  precodeFailed to load resource netERRNAMENOTRESOLVED POST httplocalhostmanagerjsphpfilesnotificacaolistar.php netERRNAMENOTRESOLVED jquery.min.js4 send                                                                                         jquery.min.js4 m.extend.ajax                                                                                jquery.min.js4 listarNotificacoes                                                                           index39  anonymous function                                                                         index57  codepre  pHow can I resolve this situationp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI am using below code to convert sprite to codeUIImagecode in codecocos2dxcode version 3.2. and post on facebook , i will check on facebook that show black backgroung image.p  p this code codeObjCCalls.mmcode classp  precodeSprite spriteSpriteGameManagersharedGameManagergtplayerImageOnFb.at2  RenderTexture rend  RenderTexturecreatespritegtgetTexturegtgetPixelsWide, spritegtgetTexturegtgetPixelsHigh  spritegtsetAnchorPointVec20, 0 rendgtbegin spritegtvisit rendgtend  Image imagerendgtnewImage  AppController appDelegate  [UIApplication sharedApplication].delegate  UIImage tempImage[appDelegate imageFromCCImageimage]   NSMutableDictionary params  [NSMutableDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys                                 tempImage,message,                                 nil]  [FBRequestConnection startWithGraphPathmephotos                              parametersparams                              HTTPMethodPOST                       completionHandlerFBRequestConnection connection,                                           id result,                                           NSError error     ] codepre  p this code in codeAppDeleagate.mmcodep  precode UIImage  imageFromCCImagecocos2dImage  ccImage       NSUInteger bytesPerPixel  4     CGDataProviderRef provider  CGDataProviderCreateWithDataNULL,                                                               ccImagegtgetData,                                                               ccImagegtgetDataLen  bytesPerPixel,                                                               NULL      CGColorSpaceRef colorSpaceRef  CGColorSpaceCreateDeviceRGB     CGBitmapInfo bitmapInfo  kCGBitmapByteOrderDefault     CGColorRenderingIntent renderingIntent  kCGRenderingIntentDefault      NSUInteger scanWidth  ccImagegtgetWidth  bytesPerPixel     CGImageRef imageRef  CGImageCreateccImagegtgetWidth,                                         ccImagegtgetHeight,                                         8,                                         bytesPerPixel  8,                                         scanWidth,                                         colorSpaceRef,                                         bitmapInfo,                                         provider,                                         NULL,                                         NO,                                         renderingIntent      UIImage image  [UIImage imageWithCGImageimageRef]     CGColorSpaceReleasecolorSpaceRef     CGImageReleaseimageRef      return image  codepre
Negative 802 pstrongFound the answer At the bottom of the page.strongp  pI would like to select two items and produce the sum of both on a website.  strongFor instancestrong, lets say each number is a book p  blockquote   pRow A  1 U10, 2 U20, 3 U30, 4 U40.p      pRow B  5 U50, 6 U60, 7 U70, 8 U80.p      pRow C  sum.p blockquote  pa hrefhttpprntscr.com6118ig relnofollowPrototypeap  pIt would only be possible to select 1 item per row. If I choose, for example, 1 and 7, I would like in Row C the value U of the sum for both, so in this case 80. p  pStyling aside, is it possible to code that selectionsum Is there a way to do that thats not serverside, just clientsidep
Negative 802 pIm newbie AngularJS and have question. I use codeDate.nowcode for create current time. But I want display year in Buddhist format. I use code from this topic  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23383233howtomakeatickingclocktimeinangularjsandhtmlHow to make a ticking clock time in AngularJS and HTMLa. How I can convert year to Buddhist format  Thanks all.p
Negative 802 pIm having problem generating Session Beans for Entity Classes in Netbeans 8.0.2. Im using Vaadin 7.3.6 framework via Maven, MySQL and Glassfish v4. p  perrorp  precodeCannotbegeneratedbecauseEJBLiteclassesarenotavailableonprojectclasspath. codepre  pWhat is the solution to thisp
Negative 802 pThis is a follow to a previous question, the problem was, not being able to run my program unless i have Eigen in usrlocainclude folder.  Cmake throws at me Fatal error, include no such file or directory when i dont have it installed i would like it to work straight out of the project folderp  pThe previous thread was not resolved a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28267104usingeigenlibinmycmakeproject28274678noredirect1comment4514289328274678Cmake and Eigenap  pWhat i would like to arrive at, is use the header only library straight from Source folder. The build is out of source buildp  precodeMyProgram gt                Source gt                           CMakeLists.txt                           .cpp  bunch of cpp files                           .h  bunch of header files                           Eigen header only library               Build  i build here               .CMakeLists.txt codepre
Negative 802 pstrongPROBLEMstrong the function inside codepage.evaluatecode doesnt find any codeimgcode therefore, codeconsole.logimages.lengthcode outputs 0 however, there are many images in the page, and some even have ids.p  pstrongQUESTIONstrong Whats going on Why codeimgcode doesnt find anythingp  pstrongUPDATE 1strong This is a codeltframegtcode problem. I had to switch to the frame in order to make the jQuery script correctly work.p  pstrongDETAILSstrong Im running a phantomjs script to access a webpage a hrefhttpwww.receita.fazenda.gov.brpessoajuridicacnpjcnpjrevacnpjrevasolicitacao.asp relnofollowlinka and fetch all available images. It first saves a screenshot of the page just for comparison, and then it should through every codeltimggtcode tag using jQuery codeimgcode and get the image dimensions and, using phantomjss codepage.clipRectcode, it saves each image inside a folder.p  precodevar page  requirewebpage.create var url  httpwww.receita.fazenda.gov.brpessoajuridicacnpjcnpjrevacnpjrevasolicitacao.asp  page.openurl, function status       console.logStatus   status             if status  success          page.renderexample.png            Asynchronous call     page.includeJshttpajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery2.1.3jquery.min.js, function            console.logn Evaluate Page n          Sandboxed         var images  page.evaluatefunction               var images  []             function getImgDimensionsi                  return                      top i.offset.top,                     left i.offset.left,                     width i.width,                     height i.height,                                           img.eachfunction                   var img  getImgDimensionsthis                 images.pushimg                           return images                  console.logimages.length           images.forEachfunction imageObj, index, array              page.clipRect  imageObj             page.renderimages  index  .png                    Exit the session         phantom.exit       codepre
Negative 802 pI have a class with a method that generates some results and populates both a List and a double[,]. So when doing the calculations, final results are stored into a double[,] but intermediate results in a List. p  pSomething like this p  precodepublic double[,] methodOneDictionaryltstring, doublegt myInputOne, Listltdoublegt myInputTwo  Listltdoublegt intermediateResults new Listltdoublegt double[,] finalResults new double[rows, cols]   Do some calculation using myInputOne and myInputTwo  intermediateResults.Addsomething   Continue the calculation using also intermediateResults  store results in double[,] finalResults  return results   codepre  pThis would work only if you want the method to return the results table. But how can I tell the method to return also the List intermediateResultsp  pI would like this method to return both the intermediate and final results so that they can be used by other methods down the road. Thank you. p
Negative 802 pI am using pathauto to create taxonomy pages like categoriescrimedrugpolicy where Categories is the vocabulary and Crime amp Drug Policy is the term. The pathauto page works fine and is set to only show 1 year worth of results.p  pI want to create a page with a url like categoriescrimedrugpolicyarchive that shows no teasers and all results regardless of age.p  pI have created a view with the url pattern categoriesarchive and am using a contextual filter for the term id. Here are my resultsp  precodecontextual filter term id categories123archive  works where 123 is the term correct term id categoriescrimedrugpolicyarchive  doesnt work.  contextual filter term name with a term relationship categories123archive  doesnt work categoriescrimedrugpolicyarchive  doesnt work categoriescrimeampdrugpolicyarchive  works, but this is not the generated url codepre  pproviding a default value when the value is not in the url does nothing because there is a value in the url, it just doesnt match correctly.p  pHow do I use the pathauto cleaned taxonomy term as a valid contextual filterp
Negative 802 pI am trying to add a vertical line to a ggplot barplot x axis is continuous. One version works as I expected it to, a second version produces an error. I do not understand why.p  pBasically I have a vector alter with some numbers, and I want to plot the frequencies of the valuesp  precodealter lt c19, 23, 24, 31, 32, 43, 51, 54, 54 alter.table lt tablealter  add frequencies  alter.table.df lt data.framealter.table alter.table.dfalter lt as.numericas.characteralter.table.dfalter  convert from factor to numeric  alter.table.dfFreq lt as.numericalter.table.dfFreq  alter.mean lt meanalter, na.rm  T alter.md lt medianalter, na.rm  T   libraryggplot2 codepre  pVersion A strongdoesstrong workp  precodep lt ggplotalter.table.df, aesx  alter, y  Freq  geombarstat  identity  p  p2 lt p  geomvlinexintercept  alter.mean, colour  red     geomvlinexintercept  alter.md, colour  blue  p2 codepre  pVersion B does strongnotstrong workproduces errorp  precodepx lt ggplotalter.table.df, aesx  alter, y  Freq  geombarstat  identity  geomvlinexintercept  37, colour  red  geomvlinexintercept  32, colour  blue  codepre  pSo, it appears if I add the geomvlines seperately to a new plot, it works out. If I try to put it all in one plot, it fails. I do not understand what the problem is.p  pAny help is greatly appreciated.p  pThanks Sebastianp
Negative 802 pI am trying to retrieve the rows in a db using hibernate criteria. I want to get entries with value 0 for column in the end using Hibernate . For example, if the entries are appearing in the DB as follows for columnp  h2Columnh2  p0br 2br 3br 1br 0br Then after executing query i should getp  h2Columnh2  p1br 2br 3br 0br 0brp
Negative 802 pI have a query where I need to get rows from a table where any of two foreign keys exists in another query. Here is the simplified SQLp  precodeSelect MainID From MainTable Where Key1 In Select SubID From SubTable Where UserIDUserID Or Key2 In Select SubID From SubTable Where UserIDUserID codepre  pAs you can see, the subquery is duplicated. Is the SQL compiler intelligent enough to recognize this and run the subquery once only or does it run twicep  pIs there a better way I can write this SQLp  pUpdate I should have mentioned this originally  SubID is the primary key on SubTable.p
Negative 802 pI want to login into a twitter account a hrefhttpstwitter.comlogin relnofollowhttpstwitter.comlogina using internet explorer via COM with autohotkey, but i cant set the value of the input fields and i dont understand why.p  pstrongCodestrongp  pemPrepare sleep instead of more complex waiting for easier readingemp  precodewb  ComObjCreateInternetExplorer.Application sleep 500  wb.Navigatehttpstwitter.comlogin sleep 500  wb.visible  true   only for debugging codepre  pemCode which does nothingemp  precodewb.document.querySelector.jsusernamefield.value  Test wb.document.querySelector.jspasswordfield.value  TestPass codepre  pstrongProblemstrongp  pThis code works fine on www.google.com or the search on www.stackoverflow.com with the right selectors. But on Twitter it does not insert the values. I would really appreciate it, if someone could help me figure out why. p  hr  pstrongRemarkstrongp  pIt can probably done with a POST request on a WinHttp.WinHttpRequest.5.1 object, but i am not very experienced with this and would prefer to work with the IE object. p
Negative 802 pI am using poi3.7.jar in my application while i am generating an excel file i am getting the below exception. and i have excluded all the poi jars from my project. could any one help me on this p  precodejava.lang.NoSuchMethodError org.apache.poi.hssf.usermodel.HSSFCell.setCellValueLorgapachepoihssfusermodelHSSFRichTextStringV     net.sf.jxls.transformer.CellTransformer.setCellValueCellTransformer.java112     net.sf.jxls.transformer.CellTransformer.transformCellTransformer.java99     net.sf.jxls.transformer.SimpleRowTransformer.transformSimpleRowTransformer.java51     net.sf.jxls.transformer.CollectionRowTransformer.transformCollectionRowTransformer.java65     net.sf.jxls.transformer.SheetTransformer.transformSheetSheetTransformer.java89     net.sf.jxls.transformer.XLSTransformer.transformWorkbookXLSTransformer.java238     net.sf.jxls.transformer.XLSTransformer.transformXLSXLSTransformer.java217     org.efs.openreports.engine.JXLSReportEngine.generateReportJXLSReportEngine.java97     org.efs.openreports.actions.ReportRunAction.executeReportRunAction.java163     sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java57     sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java606     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeActionDefaultActionInvocation.java441     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeActionOnlyDefaultActionInvocation.java280     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java243     com.vzone.global.interceptor.WorkspaceInterceptor.interceptWorkspaceInterceptor.java31     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     org.efs.openreports.interceptors.SecurityInterceptor.interceptSecurityInterceptor.java58     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     org.efs.openreports.interceptors.BreadcrumbsInterceptor.interceptBreadcrumbsInterceptor.java54     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     com.opensymphony.xwork2.interceptor.ParametersInterceptor.doInterceptParametersInterceptor.java195     com.opensymphony.xwork2.interceptor.MethodFilterInterceptor.interceptMethodFilterInterceptor.java87     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     com.opensymphony.xwork2.interceptor.StaticParametersInterceptor.interceptStaticParametersInterceptor.java179     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     org.apache.struts2.interceptor.FileUploadInterceptor.interceptFileUploadInterceptor.java235     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     org.apache.struts2.interceptor.ServletConfigInterceptor.interceptServletConfigInterceptor.java164     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java237     org.apache.struts2.impl.StrutsActionProxy.executeStrutsActionProxy.java52     com.opensymphony.xwork2.ActionChainResult.executeActionChainResult.java222     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.executeResultDefaultActionInvocation.java362     com.opensymphony.xwork2.DefaultActionInvocation.invokeDefaultActionInvocation.java266 codepre  pPOM.xml p  precodeltproject xmlnshttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance     xsischemaLocationhttpmaven.apache.orgPOM4.0.0 httpmaven.apache.orgxsdmaven4.0.0.xsdgt     ltmodelVersiongt4.0.0ltmodelVersiongt     ltgroupIdgtvzoneltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtvzoneltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.0.1SNAPSHOTltversiongt     ltpackaginggtwarltpackaginggt     ltnamegtvzoneltnamegt      ltrepositoriesgt         ltrepositorygt             ltidgtMaven2ltidgt             lturlgthttprepo1.maven.orgmaven2lturlgt         ltrepositorygt         ltrepositorygt             ltidgtJBoss repositoryltidgt             lturlgthttprepository.jboss.orgnexuscontentgroupspubliclturlgt         ltrepositorygt          ltrepositorygt     ltidgtpentahoreleasesltidgt     lturlgthttprepository.pentaho.orgartifactoryrepolturlgt   ltrepositorygt     ltrepositoriesgt      ltdependenciesgt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtjavaxltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjavaeewebapiltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt7.0ltversiongt             ltscopegtprovidedltscopegt         ltdependencygt          lt Struts 2 gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtjavax.mailltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmailltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.4ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.strutsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtstruts2coreltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.1.8ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         lt Struts 2  Spring plugins gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.strutsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtstruts2springpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.1.8ltversiongt             ltexclusionsgt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtspringwebltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtspringbeansltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtspringcontextltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtspringcoreltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt             ltexclusionsgt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.strutsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtstruts2jsonpluginltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.1.8ltversiongt         ltdependencygt          lt database driver gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtmysqlltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtmysqlconnectorjavaltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt5.1.23ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.jsonltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjsonltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt20090211ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcom.microsoft.sqlserverltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtsqljdbc4ltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt4.0ltversiongt         ltdependencygt          ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcommonsdbcpltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcommonsdbcpltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.2.2ltversiongt         ltdependencygt          lt Spring framework gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringcoreltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.2.8.RELEASEltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringormltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.2.8.RELEASEltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringwebltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.2.8.RELEASEltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtspringcontextltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.2.8.RELEASEltversiongt         ltdependencygt             lt QuartzJobBean in springcontextsupport.jar gt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtspringcontextsupportltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt3.2.8.RELEASEltversiongt     ltdependencygt      lt Spring  Quartz need transaction gt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtspringtxltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt3.2.8.RELEASEltversiongt     ltdependencygt      lt Quartz framework gt     ltdependencygt         ltgroupIdgtorg.quartzschedulerltgroupIdgt         ltartifactIdgtquartzltartifactIdgt         ltversiongt1.8.6ltversiongt     ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.jacksonltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjacksonmapperaslltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.9.9ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         lt ORM integration, e.g Hibernate gt         lt Hibernate core gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgthibernateltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.2.7.galtversiongt             ltexclusionsgt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtasmltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtasmltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt             ltexclusionsgt         ltdependencygt          ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.hibernateltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgthibernatec3p0ltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.3.0.GAltversiongt         ltdependencygt          ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtasmltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtasmltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.3.1ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         lt Hibernate core library dependency start gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtdom4jltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtdom4jltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.6.1ltversiongt         ltdependencygt           ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcommonsloggingltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcommonsloggingltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.1.1ltversiongt         ltdependencygt          ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcommonscollectionsltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcommonscollectionsltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.2.1ltversiongt         ltdependencygt          ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcglibltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcglibltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.2ltversiongt             ltexclusionsgt                 ltexclusiongt                     ltartifactIdgtasmltartifactIdgt                     ltgroupIdgtasmltgroupIdgt                 ltexclusiongt             ltexclusionsgt         ltdependencygt         lt Hibernate core library dependency end gt          lt Hibernate query library dependency start gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtantlrltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtantlrltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt2.7.7ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtjavassistltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtjavassistltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.12.1.GAltversiongt         ltdependencygt         lt Hibernate query library dependency end gt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcom.datasift.clientltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtdatasiftjavaltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt3.0.0ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.slf4jltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtslf4japiltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.7.9ltversiongt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtorg.slf4jltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtslf4jlog4j12ltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt1.7.9ltversiongt             ltscopegttestltscopegt         ltdependencygt         ltdependencygt             ltgroupIdgtcommonsthreadpoolltgroupIdgt             ltartifactIdgtcommonsthreadpoolltartifactIdgt             ltversiongt20030513.073905ltversiongt         ltdependencygt          ltdependencygt       ltgroupIdgtdisplaytagltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtdisplaytagltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt1.2ltversiongt       ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtitextltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtcom.lowagieltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt       ltexclusionsgt         ltdependencygt   ltdependencygt       ltgroupIdgtdisplaytagltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtdisplaytagexportpoiltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt1.2ltversiongt       ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtpoiltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.poiltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt       ltexclusionsgt  ltdependencygt  ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtlog4jltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtlog4jltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.2.15ltversiongt ltdependencygt  ltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgtpentaholtgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtmondrianltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt3.0.3ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtnet.sf.jasperreportsltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjasperreportsltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.5.1ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtjcommonltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtjfreeltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtnet.sourceforge.jexcelapiltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjxlltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.6ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtjfreeltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjfreereportltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.8.6ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtjcommonltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtjfreeltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtjcommonxmlltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtjfreeltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtpixieltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtjfreeltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtgnujaxpltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtgnujaxpltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtpoiltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtpoiltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.jfreeltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjcommonltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.0.17ltversiongt ltdependencygt  ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.velocityltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtvelocityltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.7ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.xbeanltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtxbeanspringv2ltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.8ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtspringltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtcom.thoughtworks.xstreamltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtxstreamltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.2ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtnet.sf.jxlsltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjxlscoreltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.9.8ltversiongt      ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtpoiltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.poiltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.eclipse.birt.runtimeltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtorg.eclipse.birt.runtimeltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt3.7.2.v201202141408ltversiongt ltdependencygt lt   ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.ow2.orchestra.eclipse.birtltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtorg.ow2.orchestra.eclipse.birt.report.engineltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt3.7.0ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtxercesImplltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtxercesltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt         ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygtgt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtjstlltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjstlltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.2ltversiongt ltdependencygt lt  ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtxercesltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtxercesltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.4.0ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtxercesImplltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtxercesltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt  gt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.codehaus.xfireltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtxfirespringltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt1.2.1ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtspringltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtorg.springframeworkltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgteigenbaseltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgteigenbasexomltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt1.3.3ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgtcom.tonbellerltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtjpivotltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt1.8.0111228ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt   ltgroupIdgtcom.tonbellerltgroupIdgt   ltartifactIdgtwcfltartifactIdgt   ltversiongt1.8.0130820ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtcom.lowagieltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtitextltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt2.1.7ltversiongt ltdependencygt ltdependencygt       ltgroupIdgtcom.tonbellerltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgttbutilswcfltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt1.8.0070305ltversiongt       ltscopegtcompileltscopegt     ltdependencygt ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtorg.apache.xmlgraphicsltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtfopltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt0.93ltversiongt     ltexclusionsgt         ltexclusiongt             ltartifactIdgtjsltartifactIdgt             ltgroupIdgtrhinoltgroupIdgt         ltexclusiongt     ltexclusionsgt ltdependencygt  ltdependencygt     ltgroupIdgtnet.sf.jasperreportsltgroupIdgt     ltartifactIdgtjasperreportsfontsltartifactIdgt     ltversiongt4.0.0ltversiongt ltdependencygt     ltdependenciesgt      ltbuildgt         ltsourceDirectorygtsrcmainjavaltsourceDirectorygt         ltresourcesgt             ltresourcegt                 ltdirectorygtsrcmainresourcesltdirectorygt             ltresourcegt         ltresourcesgt         ltpluginsgt             ltplugingt                 ltartifactIdgtmavencompilerpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt3.1ltversiongt                 ltconfigurationgt                     ltsourcegt1.7ltsourcegt                     lttargetgt1.7lttargetgt                 ltconfigurationgt             ltplugingt             ltplugingt                 ltartifactIdgtmavenwarpluginltartifactIdgt                 ltversiongt2.4ltversiongt                 ltconfigurationgt                     ltwarSourceDirectorygtwebltwarSourceDirectorygt                     ltfailOnMissingWebXmlgtfalseltfailOnMissingWebXmlgt                 ltconfigurationgt             ltplugingt         ltpluginsgt     ltbuildgt ltprojectgt codepre  pI ran the below code.p  precodepublic static void mainString args[]          ClassLoader classloader                     org.apache.poi.poifs.filesystem.POIFSFileSystem.class.getClassLoader                 URL res  classloader.getResource                          orgapachepoipoifsfilesystemPOIFSFileSystem.class                 String path  res.getPath                 System.out.printlnCore POI came from   path      codepre  pOutput is   .m2repositoryorgapachepoipoi3.7poi3.7.jarorgapachepoipoifsfilesystemPOIFSFileSystem.classp
Negative 802 pSo Im unable to get printf to output anything while being in nested for loopsp  pfor examplep  precodeprintfhello  forint i 0 ilt 4 i    forint j  0 j lt 5 j    printfworld codepre  pThis would only out the word hello without being able to output the word world. I tried fflushstdout, but it seem that the command was unable to solve the problem. Im using a Mac. Can some one give a suggestion on how to fix thisp
Negative 802 pIm looking to convert a site thats currently using a masterpage with a simple menu to become postbackfree. The contents of each page themselves are currently stored in UserControls.p  pIve looked at a few options and am wondering how I can do this. Ive become loosely familiar with UpdatePanels. I know these controls can be dynamically loaded with JQuery and an HTTP handler. Im looking for a best practice method of doing this. I want the menu links to simply swap out the UserControl for another. Any ideas or guidancep
Negative 802 pIn a a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions28602100questiona I asked previously, I tried to separate codebincode and codeobjcode folders from my cpp. My dependency file codemain.dcode will be stored in codeobjcode directory. However, my attempt faced with problem. Linker believes that somethings are not linked directlyp  blockquote   ptmpcc7WetlH.o In function staticinitializationanddestruction0p      pusrincludeboostsystemerrorcode.hpp222 undefined reference to boostsystemgenericcategoryp blockquote  precodeSOURCES  main.cpp BINDIR .bin OBJDIR .binobj OBJECTS  OBJDIRSOURCES.cpp.o DEPFILES OBJECTS.o.d  CXX  g CXXFLAGS  g Wall Wfatalerrors stdc11 MD MP LIBS lboostfilesystem lboostsystem    all run   Link the executable run OBJECTS     CXX LDFLAGS  o BINDIR LIBS  OBJDIR.o .cpp     CXX CXXFLAGS MF OBJDIR.d o   lt  include DEPFILES codepre  pTo solve it, I added the linked libraries to compiler to me it does not make sensep  precodeOBJDIR.o .cpp     CXX CXXFLAGS MF OBJDIR.d o   lt LIBS codepre  pAnd the object was created successfully however linker believes that somethings are defined multiple timesp  precodeg  binobjmain.o o .binrun lboostfilesystem lboostsystem  binobjmain.o In function start .text0x0 multiple definition of start usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 0 has invalid symbol index 11 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 1 has invalid symbol index 12 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 2 has invalid symbol index 2 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 3 has invalid symbol index 2 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 4 has invalid symbol index 11 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 5 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 6 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 7 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 8 has invalid symbol index 12 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 9 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 10 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 11 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 12 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 13 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 14 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 15 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 16 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 17 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 18 has invalid symbol index 13 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debuginfo relocation 19 has invalid symbol index 21 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrt1.o.debugline relocation 0 has invalid symbol index 2 usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8......x8664linuxgnucrt1.obuildbuilddeglibc2.19csu..sysdepsx8664start.S118 first defined here binobjmain.o In function fini .fini0x0 multiple definition of fini usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debuginfo relocation 0 has invalid symbol index 7 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debuginfo relocation 1 has invalid symbol index 8 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debuginfo relocation 2 has invalid symbol index 9 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debugranges relocation 0 has invalid symbol index 4 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debugranges relocation 1 has invalid symbol index 4 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debugranges relocation 2 has invalid symbol index 5 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debugranges relocation 3 has invalid symbol index 5 usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8......x8664linuxgnucrti.o.fini0x0 first defined here binobjmain.o.rodata0x0 multiple definition of IOstdinused usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8......x8664linuxgnucrt1.o.rodata.cst40x0 first defined here binobjmain.o In function datastart .data0x0 multiple definition of datastart usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8......x8664linuxgnucrt1.o.data0x0 first defined here binobjmain.o In function datastart .data0x8 multiple definition of dsohandle usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8crtbegin.o.data0x0 first defined here binobjmain.o In function init .init0x0 multiple definition of init usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debugline relocation 0 has invalid symbol index 4 usrbinld usrlibdebugusrlibx8664linuxgnucrti.o.debugline relocation 1 has invalid symbol index 5 usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8......x8664linuxgnucrti.obuildbuilddeglibc2.19csu..sysdepsx8664crti.S64 first defined here usrlibgccx8664linuxgnu4.8crtend.o.tmclonetable0x0 multiple definition of TMCEND binobjmain.o.data0x28 first defined here usrbinld error in binobjmain.o.ehframe no .ehframehdr table will be created. collect2 error ld returned 1 exit status make  [run] Error 1 codepre  pHow to fix this errorp
Negative 802 pI have the following  p  precodeltscript charsetUTF8gt function deletertheid      var namme  document.getElementByIdtheid.id     .post sqlmachine.php,            selectionname selectnamme       ltscriptgt codepre  pusing jquery, would it be possible to post a php array too may be encoding it as json  like the following p  precodeltscript charsetUTF8gt function deletertheid      var selectnamme  document.getElementByIdtheid.id     .post sqlmachinetomskus.php,            selectionname selectnamme,          array  dataToSend        ltscriptgt  codepre
Negative 802 pI have been making a simple website with AngularJS and D3JS and created a custom circle mesh library very crude. It all works fine in Firefox but it doesnt work in Chrome. The website is up at petoknm.github.io . In my homepage I have this circle mesh thing that displays the circles. But when I transition directly to another page with this circle mesh programmming page it starts behaving differently. And when I go from programming to home it starts to ignore the clipPath on the first two images two probably because of the two images in the programming page. The svg is identical I checked only the first three a tags with the images and the first three clipPaths to the correct svg that was there first... I dont know what happens.p  pThis is a screenshot just after first loading the pagep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.com2fAI6.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.com2fAI6.pngap  pThis is a screenshot after coming from the programming pagep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comJLO3r.png relnofollowhttpi.stack.imgur.comJLO3r.pngap  pAs you can see the clipPath is still in the svg and shown by Chrome but is not actually used or is ignored.p  pPlease help, I have no idea why it happens and why its no problem for Firefoxp
Negative 802 pIm currently working on a simple program regarding content provider in Android. I created my own content provider using SQLite database, in which i store and handle my friendsbirthdays. The app run fine but when i add a birthday the app crashes. But when i start the app again i can show the birthday that was added from another method codeshowMybirthDayscode. p  precodepublic void addTheBirthdayView v          ContentValues values  new ContentValues         values.putMyBirthProvider.NAME,                 EditTextfindViewByIdR.id.name.getText.toString         values.putMyBirthProvider.BIRTHDAY,                 EditText findViewByIdR.id.birthday.getText.toString         Uri uri  getContentResolver.insertMyBirthProvider.MYCONTENTURI, v          Toast.makeTextthis, uri.toString  inserted, Toast.LENGTHLONG.show    codepre  pI tried the toast without codeuri.toStringcode and it works. So the problem is codeuri.toStringcode, but i cant not find where i did wrong  I stuck simply Any help is very appreciated. Thanks.p  pHere is my codeCONTENTURIcodep  precodestatic final String URL  content  MYPROVIDERNAME  myfriends  ID static final Uri MYCONTENTURI  Uri.parseURL codepre  pHere is my providerp  precodepublic class MyBirthProvider extends ContentProvider       static final String ID  id     static final String NAME  name     static final String BIRTHDAY  birthday      static final String PROVIDERNAME  com.example.test.provider.Birthday     static final String URL  content  MYPROVIDERNAME  myfriends  ID     static final Uri MYCONTENTURI  Uri.parseURL      static final int FRIENDS  1     static final int FRIENDSID  2      DBHelper dbHelper      private static HashMapltString, Stringgt BirthMap      static final UriMatcher uriMatcher      static          uriMatcher  new UriMatcherUriMatcher.NOMATCH         uriMatcher.addURIPROVIDERNAME, friends, FRIENDS         uriMatcher.addURIPROVIDERNAME, friends, FRIENDSID           private SQLiteDatabase database     static final String DATABASENAME  MyBirthdayReminder     static final String TABLENAME  mybirthTable     static final int DATABASEVERSION  1     static final String CREATETABLE   CREATE TABLE   TABLENAME   id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY AUTOINCREMENT,                name TEXT NOT NULL,    birthday TEXT NOT NULL      private static class DBHelper extends SQLiteOpenHelper           public DBHelperContext context               TODO Autogenerated constructor stub             supercontext, DATABASENAME, null, DATABASEVERSION                    Override          TODO Autogenerated constructor stub         public void onCreateSQLiteDatabase sqLiteDatabase              sqLiteDatabase.execSQLCREATETABLE                   Override          TODO Autogenerated constructor stub         public void onUpgradeSQLiteDatabase sqLiteDatabase, int oldVersion, int newVersion              Log.wDBHelper.class.getName, Upgrading database frim version   oldVersion   to                       newVersion   .Old data will be destroyed             sqLiteDatabase.execSQLDROP TABLE IF EXISTS   TABLENAME             onCreatesqLiteDatabase                    Override     public boolean onCreate          Context c  getContext         dbHelper  new DBHelperc         database  dbHelper.getWritableDatabase          if database  null             return false         else             return true           Override     public Cursor queryUri uri, String[] projection, String selection, String[] selectionArgs, String sortOrder          SQLiteQueryBuilder qb  new SQLiteQueryBuilder         qb.setTablesTABLENAME          switch uriMatcher.matchuri              case FRIENDS                 qb.setProjectionMapBirthMap                 break             case FRIENDSID                 qb.appendWhereID    uri.getLastPathSegment                 break             default                 throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionUnknown URI  uri                  if sortOrder  null  sortOrder                sortOrder  NAME                  Cursor cursor  qb.querydatabase, projection, selection, selectionArgs, null, null, sortOrder          return cursor           Override     public Uri insertUri uri, ContentValues values          long row  database.insertTABLENAME, , values          if row gt 0              Uri newUri  ContentUris.withAppendedIdMYCONTENTURI, row             getContext.getContentResolver.notifyChangenewUri, null             return null                  throw new SQLExceptionFail to add a new record into   uri           Override     public int updateUri uri, ContentValues values, String selection, String[] selectionArgs          int count  0          switch uriMatcher.matchuri              case FRIENDS                 count  database.updateTABLENAME, values, ID      uri.getLastPathSegment                          TextUtils.isEmptyselection   AND   selection    , selectionArgs                 break             default                 throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionUnsupported URI   uri                  getContext.getContentResolver.notifyChangeuri, null         return count           Override     public int deleteUri uri, String selection, String[] selectionArgs          int count  0         switch uriMatcher.matchuri              case FRIENDS                 count  database.deleteTABLENAME, selection, selectionArgs                 break             case FRIENDSID                 String id  uri.getLastPathSegment gets the id                 count  database.deleteTABLENAME, ID      id  TextUtils.isEmptyselection                           AND   selection    , selectionArgs                 break             default                 throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionUnsupported URI   uri                   getContext.getContentResolver.notifyChangeuri, null         return count           Override     public String getTypeUri uri          switch uriMatcher.matchuri              case FRIENDS                 return vnd.android.cursor.dirvnd.example.friends             case FRIENDSID                 return vnd.android.cursor.dirvnd.example.friends             default                 throw new IllegalArgumentExceptionUnsupported URI   uri                codepre
Negative 802 pI have a list of elements and i want that each element will have 2 pages2 views. Each element has a generic content codeltcontentgtltcontentgtcode.p  pThe problem is that when im using coreanimatedpages to wrap my generic content, my list of elements are one over each other. I know that it is because the animatedpages converts my content position to absolute and i dont want to change that but strongwhy the element content doesnt get its child height in this casestrong p  pI took a hrefhttpspolymertut.appspot.com relnofollowthe demoa from the polymer site to demonstrate a bit better what im trying to accomplish here  p  pinside the strongpostcard.htmlstrong i inserted the coreanimatedpages so that when i click on each element it will switch view to NEXT PAGEp  precode    ltcoreanimatedpages idp ontaptogglePage transitionscrossfadeallgt     ltsectiongt     ltdiv classcardheader layout horizontal centergt        ltcontent selectimggtltcontentgt       ltcontent selecth2gtltcontentgt      ltdivgt      ltcoreiconbutton       idfavicon       iconfavorite       ontapfavoriteTappedgt     ltcoreiconbuttongt      ltcontentgtltcontentgt     ltsectiongt     ltsectiongt       ltpgtNEXT PAGEltpgt     ltsectiongt     ltcoreanimatedpagesgt     lttemplategt    ltscriptgt    Polymer      publish        favorite          value false,         reflect true            ,     favoriteTapped functionevent, detail, sender        this.favorite  this.favorite       this.firefavoritetap     ,     togglePage function         var max  1       if this..p.selected  max          this..p.selected  1        else          this..p.selected  1                  ltscriptgt codepre
Negative 802 pI integrated blueimp gallery in my angularjs app. It is working fine. The link elements are bound to my scope.p  precodeltdiv idlinks classlinksgt   lta ngrepeatimage in images hrefimage.url titleimage.title datagallerygt     ltimg srcimage.thumbnailgt   ltagt codepre  pp  pThis works fine as well as the images in scope update. p  pUnfortunately the slideshow once running always show the images of the start of the slideshow. Has anybody an idea how I could tell the slideshow to refresh itselfs while runningp
Negative 802 pIs there a way in elm or rather, what is the proper way to stop and start the codeTime.fpscode function based on the state of the application stored in the model For example, in an application Im working on, when the pause key is pressed, the state field of the model is set to Paused. I would like the fps to stop until it is set to Playing again. My initial thought was to use codeTime.fpsWhencode, but it throws an error. Ive thrown together this example which is structurally similar to my application to demonstrate.p  precodeimport Signal import Time import Keyboard import Text import Graphics.Element Element   MODELS   type State  Running  Stopped type Action  ToggleRunning  DeltaTime Float  type alias Model  state  State, counter  Float   UPDATE   update  Action gt Model gt Model update action model  case action of   DeltaTime dt gt  model  counter lt model.counter  dt    ToggleRunning gt  model  state lt if model.state  Running then Stopped else Running    VIEW   view  Model gt Element view model  Text.asText model   INPUTS   stateToggleKey  Signal Action stateToggleKey  Signal.map always ToggleRunning lt Signal.keepIf identity False Keyboard.space  timeDelta  Signal Action timeDelta  Signal.map DeltaTime lt Time.fpsWhen 20 Signal.map .state gtgt  Running model  input  Signal Action input  Signal.merge stateToggleKey timeDelta  model  Signal Model model  Signal.foldp update stateRunning, counter0 input  main  Signal Element main  Signal.map view model codepre  pYou can see it running a hrefhttpshareelm.comsprout54eeab36e4b09711f39c2e31 relnofollowherea.p  pMy assumption is that it isnt working because codemodelcode and codetimeDeltacode are recursively dependent on each other, but Im not sure. In any case, how should I go about stopping the fps while the application is in a paused state Do I have to store the running state separately from the model p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIn Team Foundation Server 2013 I cannot seem to change connect to team server as user.p  pTFS server is pointing to our Visual Studio Online a hrefhttpsourtfs.visualstudio.comdefaultcollection relnofollowhttpsourtfs.visualstudio.comdefaultcollectiona and the the account that the TFS server is using to checkout code is also Account Service ourtfs even though there is no such account on our network The current user seems to be one made up when the VSO was setupp  pHow can I change it to checkout our code using a network accountp  pSee the Connect to Team Foundation Server as in the dialog below, in our case the account is Account Service ourtfs.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com8Gw4p.png altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pI have already set up two buttons that navigate me to SecondViewController and ThirdViewController but to do this I created .XIB files. These work fine.p  pI usedp  precodeIB Action clickButton       ThirdViewController third  [[ThirdViewController alloc]                                   initWithNibNamenil bundlenil]      [self presentViewControllerthird animatedYES completionNULL]   codepre  pAgain, this works fine. My problem is when I get to my ThirdViewController and want to set up a back button to take me back to my initial ViewController, it doesnt work because it is on the Main.Storyboard, and it isnt an XIB file. How do I make this work or must I make an XIB file and get rid of Main.storyboardp  pand how do I do this without NavigationController, which I am not usingp
Negative 802 pI am making a GUI were I have to make buttons and the background changes. The program is using a Java Collection Framework were I went with a Hashmap. I am really having trouble understanding and trying to do is access a txt file then read the pairs and store them in the hashmap. the txt file contains the pairs color  hexadecimal value on separate lines which will sort the pairs in the increasing order of their hexadecimal values and use iterators to display the sorted pairs to the console. I tried a BufferReader but got errors but I am guessing that is no the best way to use for a map.p  pInput File.txtp  pRed FF0000 p  pBlue 000084p  pGreen 00FF00p  pYellow FFFF00p  pOrange FF8C00 p  pPink FFC0CB p  pGrey D3D3D3 p  pBrown 964B00 p  pPurple 800080 p  pBlack 000000 p  pDark green 013220 p  pDark Red 8B0000 p  pDark blue 00008B p  pDark Orange D97700 p  pDark grey 363737 p  pDark Purple 471E8A p  pDark yellow 7f7f00 p  pLight Yellow FFFFCC p  pLight Blue C0D9D9 p  pLight Purple D8BFD8p  pHere is the code to get that I already started and finally got working for the GUI.p  precodepublic class FP extends JFrame implements ActionListener   BufferedReader reader  new BufferedReadernew FileReadernew FileInput File.txt private MapltString, Stringgt buttonColors   Constructor public FP       superColorMap     buttonColors  new HashMapltString, Stringgt      test button     buttonColors.putRed, FF0000      setSize400, 400     setLayoutnew FlowLayout     ButtonGroup buttonGroup  new ButtonGroup      for Map.EntryltString, Stringgt coloringButtons  buttonColors             .entrySet           JRadioButton button  new JRadioButtoncoloringButtons.getKey          button.setActionCommandcoloringButtons.getValue         button.addActionListenerthis           Add this new colorbutton to the button group         buttonGroup.addbutton         addbutton        Override public void actionPerformedActionEvent e       String color  e.getActionCommand     getContentPane.setBackgroundnew ColorInteger.parseIntcolor, 16    public static void mainString[] args       FP obj  new FP     obj.setVisibletrue   codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to understand how the vigenere algorithm works but am a bit stumped. Lets says I have the followingp  precodeKey L  Text W  Encryptedtext H According to the table below codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtdWOM.png altenter image description herep  pI am trying to decrypt the message and I read that you do it backwards interchange columns with rows for some reason I am reading thisp  precodeKey L  Text H Previously encrypted message  Encryptedtext S According to the table below codepre  pPerhaps there is something fundamentally wrong with my reading.p  pPS I have written a python program that does this but then understanding is flawed so the reading backwards part does not. Any insight on how to read thep
Negative 802 pI am bigginner in android and want to ask. Is there a way to access elements of an array that is declared as public static in different other activities under same packagep
Negative 802 pInstructions are Here a hrefhttpsourceforge.netprnnlwikiHome relnofollowhttpsourceforge.netprnnlwikiHomeap  pI type .configure in root directory of RNNLIb folder. p  pOutput p  precode   checking for a BSDcompatible install... usrbininstall c    checking whether build environment is sane... yes    checking for a threadsafe mkdir p... buildauxinstallsh c d    checking for gawk... no    checking for mawk... no    checking for nawk... no    checking for awk... awk    checking whether make sets MAKE... yes    checking for g... g    checking for C compiler default output file name... a.out    checking whether the C compiler works... yes    checking whether we are cross compiling... no    checking for suffix of executables...     checking for suffix of object files... o    checking whether we are using the GNU C compiler... yes    checking whether g accepts g... yes    checking for style of include used by make... GNU    checking dependency style of g... gcc3     checking for gcc... gcc    checking whether we are using the GNU C compiler... yes    checking whether gcc accepts g... yes    checking for gcc option to accept ISO C89... none needed    checking dependency style of gcc... gcc3    checking for a BSDcompatible install... usrbininstall c    checking for main in lstdc... yes    checking for exp in lm... yes    checking for main in lnetcdf... yes    checking for main in lnetcdfc... no    checking how to run the C preprocessor... g E    checking for grep that handles long lines and e... usrbingrep    checking for egrep... usrbingrep E    checking for ANSI C header files... yes    checking for systypes.h... yes    checking for sysstat.h... yes    checking for stdlib.h... yes    checking for string.h... yes    checking for memory.h... yes    checking for strings.h... yes    checking for inttypes.h... yes    checking for stdint.h... yes    checking for unistd.h... yes    checking time.h usability... yes    checking time.h presence... yes    checking for time.h... yes    checking malloc.h usability... no    checking malloc.h presence... no    checking for malloc.h... no    configure creating .config.status    config.status creating Makefile    config.status creating srcMakefile    config.status creating config.h    config.status config.h is unchanged    config.status executing depfiles commands codepre  pIt seems troubling that p  precode    checking malloc.h usability... no     checking malloc.h presence... no codepre  pand p  precode    checking for main in lnetcdfc... no codepre  pall return no. p  pThen I type make, and I getp  precode  g DHAVECONFIGH I. I..     g O2 MT DataExporter.o MD MP MF     .depsDataExporter.Tpo c o DataExporter.o DataExporter.cpp   In file included from DataExporter.cpp18   In file included from .DataExporter.hpp24  .Helpers.hpp72418 error expected expression     out ltlt t.getlt0gt ltlt   ltlt t.getlt1gt                       .Helpers.hpp72439 error expected expression     out ltlt t.getlt0gt ltlt   ltlt t.getlt1gt  ... A bunch more similar error messages ...  In file included from DataExporter.cpp18  In file included from .DataExporter.hpp25  In file included from .SeqBuffer.hpp21  In file included from .MultiArray.hpp31  .Container.hpp11314 warning reference front is not yet bound     to a value   when used within its own initialization [Wuninitialized]             Tamp front  front                     1 warning and 14 errors generated.  make[2]  [DataExporter.o] Error 1  make[1]  [allrecursive] Error 1  make  [all] Error 2 codepre  pIm not sure how to fix this. What is causing these errors and how do I get rid of themp
Negative 802 pHow can I do something like this in Perl    E.g. access a in a function that it isnt defined in     I dont want to use globals,  and also dont want to use a CPAN module or pass a as a parameter to bar.p  precodesub foo    my a   bar   sub bar    print STDOUT a is  .  magicfunctionthatlooksintocallersframea  codepre
Negative 802 pI have the following queryp  precodeINSERT INTO impressions date, itemid, platform, country VALUES  . date . ,  . itemid . ,  . platform . ,  . country .  ON DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE impressions  impressions  1 codepre  pAnd the following arrayp  precodeArray      [0] gt 5     [1] gt 2     [2] gt 4     [3] gt 17  codepre  pThe array basically consists of itemids, which I want to insertupdate in to the database.p  pWhen the query runs, I want it to check to see if there are any rows which are from today, match the specificed itemid, match the specified platform and match the specified country.p  pFor examplep  precode20150305 5 mobile US new insert 20150305 2 mobile UK new insert 20150305 5 mobile US this would 1 impression from first one 20150305 17 desktop US new insert 20150306 5 mobile US this would create a new insert because the date doesnt exist codepre  pI also want to pass an array of itemids, as specified above using IN, to avoid multiple looping.p  pRight now we are currently doing it like thisp  precodeitemids  array5, 2, 4, 17  foreachitemids as id     q  mysqlquerySELECT id FROM impressions WHERE date   . date .  AND itemid   . id .  AND platform   . platform .  AND country   . country .       if mysqlnumrowsq         r  mysqlfetcharrayq         mysqlqueryUPDATE impressions SET impressions  impressions  1 WHERE id   . r[id] .       else          mysqlqueryINSERT INTO impressions date, itemid, platform, country, impressions VALUES . date . ,  . id . ,  . platform . ,  . country . , 1        codepre  pWe basically want to convert this huge and badly coded loop, into 1 mySQL INSERTUPDATE query which gets passed an array of itemids to be used with IN.p  pI am really confused how I should approach this. Any help would be greatly appreciated.p
Negative 802 pI have an issue were I need insert function, adminliststudents set for only admin to login and access these function or webpages. Then I need it so the user only access the userliststudents. Currently when the user logs in they can also access the admin area. I tried setting up 2 different login pages but again when user logs in they can access admin pages.p  pstudent.php controllerp  precodeltphp if   definedBASEPATH exitNo direct script access allowed  class Student extends CIController       function construct              parentconstruct         thisgtloadgtmodelloginstudentmodel                   Shows the dashboard     public function index               ifthisgtsessiongtuserdataisloggedin                   thisgtloadgtviewheader         thisgtloadgtviewstudent         thisgtloadgtviewloginfooter         else             thisgtloadgtviewloginheader             thisgtloadgtviewlogincontent              thisgtloadgtviewloginfooter                   Insert the Student      public function  insertstudent              interestimplode,,thisgtinputgtpostinterest         dataarraynamegtthisgtinputgtpostname,             addressgtthisgtinputgtpostaddress,             yeargtthisgtinputgtpostyear,             gendergtthisgtinputgtpostgender,             interestgtinterest,             statusgt1         printrdata          resultthisgtstudentmodelgtinsertstudentdata         ifresulttrue                      thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatamsg,Student Records Added Successfully             redirectstudent                   else                       thisgtseesiongtsetflashdatamsg1,Student Records Added Failed             redirectstudent                     List of students          public function adminliststudents               ifthisgtsessiongtuserdataisloggedin                       data[student]thisgtstudentmodelgtgetstudent             thisgtloadgtviewheader             thisgtloadgtviewadminlistofstudents,data              thisgtloadgtviewloginfooter                  else             thisgtloadgtviewloginheader             thisgtloadgtviewlogincontent               thisgtloadgtviewloginfooter                   List of students          public function userliststudents               ifthisgtsessiongtuserdataisloggedin                       data[student]thisgtstudentmodelgtgetstudent             thisgtloadgtviewheader             thisgtloadgtviewuserlistofstudents,data              thisgtloadgtviewloginfooter                  else             thisgtloadgtviewloginheader             thisgtloadgtviewlogincontent               thisgtloadgtviewloginfooter                     public function deletestudent              idthisgtinputgtpostid         dataarraystatusgt0         resultthisgtstudentmodelgtdeletestudentid,data         ifresulttrue                      thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatamsg1,Deleted Successfully             redirectstudentliststudents                   else                       thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatamsg1,Student Records Deletion Failed             redirectstudentliststudents                      public function editstudent              idthisgturigtsegment3         data[student]thisgtstudentmodelgteditstudentid         thisgtloadgtviewheader,data         thisgtloadgtvieweditstudent          public function  updatestudent              idthisgtinputgtpostid         interestimplode,,thisgtinputgtpostinterest         dataarraynamegtthisgtinputgtpostname,             addressgtthisgtinputgtpostaddress,             yeargtthisgtinputgtpostyear,             gendergtthisgtinputgtpostgender,             interestgtinterest,             statusgt1          resultthisgtstudentmodelgtupdatestudentdata,id         ifresulttrue                      thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatamsg,Student Records Updated Successfully             redirectstudentliststudents                   else                       thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatamsg1,No changes Made in Student Records             redirectstudentliststudents                   gt codepre  plogin.php controllerp  precodeltphp if   definedBASEPATH exitNo direct script access allowed  class Login extends CIController             Check if the user is logged in, if hes not,       send him to the login page      return void            function index               ifthisgtsessiongtuserdataisloggedin                      redirectstudent         else             thisgtloadgtviewloginheader             thisgtloadgtviewlogincontent                           encript the password       return mixed            function encrippasswordpassword          return md5password                     check the username and the password with the database      return void           function validate                 thisgtloadgtmodelloginloginmodel         username  thisgtinputgtpostusername         password  thisgtencrippasswordthisgtinputgtpostpassword         isvalid  thisgtloginmodelgtvalidateusername, password          ifisvalidIf valid username and password set                       getid  thisgtloginmodelgtgetidusername, password              foreachgetid as val                                        mobileno  valgtmobileno                      fname  valgtfirstname                      lname  valgtlastname                      state  valgtstate                      emailvalgtemail                      city  valgtcity                      usernamevalgtusername                      adminidvalgtadminid                          data  array                 mobilenogtmobileno,                 firstnamegtfname,                 lastnamegtlname,                 emailgtemail,                 stategtstate,                 citygtcity,                 adminid gt adminid,                 username gt username,                 isloggedin gt true                        printrdata             thisgtsessiongtsetuserdatadata Here you can set the values in session              redirectstudent                  else  incorrect username or password                      thisgtsessiongtsetflashdatamsg, Username or Password Incorrect             redirectlogin                               Destroy the session, and logout the user.          return void                public function logout              thisgtsessiongtsessdestroy         redirectlogin          codepre  plogin.php modelp  precodeltphp  class Loginmodel extends CIModel             Validate the logins data with the database      param string username      param string password      return void           Check Login     function validateusername, password              thisgtdbgtwherepassword, password         thisgtdbgtwhereusername, username         query  thisgtdbgtgetmembership         ifquerygtnumrows  1                      return true                           Get Session values       function getidusername, password              thisgtdbgtselect         thisgtdbgtfrommembership         thisgtdbgtwherepassword, password         thisgtdbgtwhereusername, username         query  thisgtdbgtget         return querygtresult         codepre
Negative 802 pThis is for a topmenu for a page and i put a left border for every lielement and for the lastchild of the ul i also add a righborder. But for some reason the rightborder of the lastchild appears grey instead of white and I cant seem to figure out why... Thanks in advance.p  precode.menu li      webkitboxsizing borderbox     mozboxsizing borderbox     boxsizing borderbox          backgroundcolorD64708     displayinlineblock     borderleft 1px outset fff     width20     floatleft  .menu lilastchild     borderright 1px outset fff  codepre  pcomplete code of the header  CSS a hrefhttpsjsfiddle.netxaxdjyy1 relnofollowhttpsjsfiddle.netxaxdjyy1ap  pI dont know any javascriptp  pEDIT had the wrong jsfiddle link.p
Negative 802 pIve recently been using the surfnorm function and would like to access the code to see what its actually doing. I assume its stored on my PC somewhere, but I dont know where.p
Negative 802 pIn my Android application I want to share text message using Facebook share dialog screen with pre populated text but I get only share dialog without pre populated text. For example I want to post the text User wants this pop up... but the Facebook share dialog does not show my message in the dialog.p  pMy question is what should I need to get share dialog with my pre populated textp  pI have tried the following codep  precodeFacebookDialog shareDialog  new  FacebookDialog.ShareDialogBuilderFShareActivity.this                         .setLinkmsglink                         .setCaptionmsgcaption                         .setDescriptionmsgdescription  msgdescription should be shown in share dialog screen amp it is my pre populated text.                         .setNamemsgname.build                 uiHelper.trackPendingDialogCallshareDialog.present codepre  pand also tried this method alsop  precodeBundle params  new Bundle params.putStringname, msgname params.putStringcaption, msgcaption params.putStringdescription, msgcaption params.putStringlink, msglink WebDialog feedDialog       new WebDialog.FeedDialogBuildergetActivity,         Session.getActiveSession,         params     .setOnCompleteListenernew OnCompleteListener          Override         public void onCompleteBundle values,             FacebookException error              if error  null                  final String postId  values.getStringpostid                 if postId  null                     success                  else                       fail                                                 .build feedDialog.show codepre  pPlease let me know Is it possible to show pre populated text in share dialog screen if yes Please tell me what did I wrongp
Negative 802 pI have a codestreamscode publication and subscription setup but for some reason if I do the following in my route the view gets no datap  precodeRouter.route seasonsseasonepisodesepisode,     name episode     action gt         render             episode,             data gt                 Streams.findOneseason params.season, episode params.episode          codepre  pIf I log the params they are there as expected, and doing a codefindOnecode manually either via the db or the browser console returns the data as expected.p  pIf I remove the params so it just does codeStreams.findOnecode the data returns the first codestreamcode from the database and the view has access to it as expected. Im really not sure whats going on here.p
Negative 802 pI have a very straight forward question.  I am trying to connect to MongoDB using pymongo 2.3. I get the following errorp  precodeImportError cannot import name MongoClient codepre  pHowever import pymongo works fine and pymongo.version yields 2.3. And python version is 2.7.3.p
Negative 802 pWhen I load the UICollectionView for the very first time, the image is nil. However, when I remove all objects in my array and reload data for the UICollectionView, the image that was loaded in the first if statement is still remembered and the image is not nil.p  pHow can I reset FilteredOrderCollectionViewCell so the image is nil after reloadData is calledp  precode UICollectionViewCell collectionViewUICollectionView cv cellForItemAtIndexPathNSIndexPath indexPath      FilteredOrderCollectionViewCell cell  FilteredOrderCollectionViewCell [cv dequeueReusableCellWithReuseIdentifierFilteredOrderCollectionViewCell forIndexPathindexPath]      ifcell.avatar.image  nil          NSLogIMAGE IS NIL          Image is fetched here          else          NSLogIMAGE IS NOT NIL           return cell  codepre
Negative 802 pI am looking for an algorithm to find coordinates of point intersection between line and parabola in java programming if i know coordinates of 4 point  A,B,P1,P2,P3, who can help me, thanks very muchp  pthis is image demo for my question hope you help me, pleasep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comI75hj.gif altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pIm trying to fill a navigation menu by using Javascript but I get nothing as result.p  precodeltscript typetextjavascriptgt      var mainmenulist  [home,software,tutorials,about]     var submenuabout  [credits,domain,gpg,contact]           var index, len, arg, li, link, ul      var navwarp  document.getElementByIdprimarynavwrap       document.writejs is being called      ul  document.createElementul     for index  0, len  mainmenulist.length index lt len index          arg  mainmenulist[index]         li  document.createElementli         li.idliarg          link  document.createElementa         link.innerHTML  arg                li.appendChildlink         ul.appendChildli          navwarp.appendChildul      document.writethe first block is working      ul  document.createElementul       for index  0, len  submenuabout.length index lt len index          arg submenuabout[index]         li  document.createElementli         li.idliarg         link  document.createElementa         link.innerHTML  arg         li.appendChildlink         ul.appendChildli          document.getElementByIdliabout.appendChildul      document.writethere are no bugs  ltscriptgt  ltbodygt     ltnav idprimarynavwrapgtltnavgt ltbodygt codepre  pI added some codedocument.write..code to find where is the js bug, and it seems to be when using codenavwar.appendChildulcode, I dont understand why it doesnt worksp  pThis script should create a menu with 4 items, and in the item about there should be a submenu with 4 itemsp
Negative 802 pI like the feature in Laravel 5 that lets me throw my validation logic into one of Laravel 5s Form Requests and then a hrefhttplaravel.comdocs5.0validationcontrollervalidation relnofollowLaravel will automatically validate it just beforea my controllers method is ran. However, one thing that is missing is an easy way to alias an input name. p  pFor example for simplicity sake, say I have a login form with an input field called username but it actually accepts an email address. The label on my form says emEmailem. If theres an error, the error will say something like Username is required. This is confusing since Im labeling the field as emEmailem on my form.p  pstrongWhats a good solution for aliasing inputs when using Laravels validatorstrongp  pSo far Ive come up with two ideasp  pstrongSolution 1strong  Use Laravels custom error messages for each rule   p  precodeltphp namespace AppHttpRequests  use AppHttpRequestsRequest  class AuthLoginRequest extends Request       public function rules              return [             username gt requiredemail,             password gt required         ]            This is redundant. And may have other pitfalls     public function messages              return [             username.required gt email is required.,             username.email gt email is invalid.         ]           ...  codepre  pstrongSolution 2strong Use my own custom form class to handle changing the input names to their labelalias emusernameem becomes ememailem for validation purposes, running validation, then changing them back.p
Negative 802 pI am using PHPExcel lib with yii and when i am trying to upload old version of xls file then its giving error like below now i am not able to understand why its giving this issue. i try to debug the issue what i got is that below code giving me html output of the file i uploadedp  precodeobjPHPExcel  new PHPExcel inputFileType  PHPExcelIOFactoryidentifyfile below is error DOMDocumentloadHTMLFile Unexpected end tag  tbody in filetoupload.xls, line 30  codepre  pnow i cant resist users to upload old version of files what would be the solution for this.p  pone more thing is if i uncomment the below codep  precodeinputFileType  inputFileType  HTML  strtoupperpathinfofile, PATHINFOEXTENSION  inputFileType  then i am getting below error  includePHPExcelReaderXLS.php failed to open stream No such file or directory  codepre  pwhat sould i do please suggest me.p
Negative 802 pI got a string value from a db table with latin1 as collation. Though, he text contains UTF8 characters.p  pSo I did this in my web server logic Java to resolve weird characters p  precode new Stringlatin1.getBytesStandardCharsets.ISO88591, StandardCharsets.UTF8 codepre  pEverything is fine now but uppercase accented characters ex  are still displayed as . Only uppercase one are still in problem ex  is resolved now and is displaying correctly.p  pIs there a way to resolve uppercase accented characters as wellp
Negative 802 pI made an application that requires users to give permission to accessibility features. Its working as it when application first started and asks for accessibilityp  precodeconst void  keys[]   kAXTrustedCheckOptionPrompt      const void  values[]   force      CFDictionaryRef options  CFDictionaryCreatekCFAllocatorDefault,                                                  keys,                                                  values,                                                  sizeofkeys  sizeofkeys,                                                  ampkCFCopyStringDictionaryKeyCallBacks,                                                  ampkCFTypeDictionaryValueCallBacks      access  AXIsProcessTrustedWithOptionsoptions     CFReleaseoptions codepre  pThe problem is, when I release new version using sparkle accessibility permissions are gone, so users should give permission again. Is that because my code is not signed with Apple Developer ID  Im distributing my app outside the app store.p
Negative 802 pI tried to use the function lteRMCDL.m, but then it returns thisp  precodexlteRMCDLR.5 Cannot find an exact casesensitive match for lteRMCDL  The closest match is LteRMCDL in usrlocalMATLABR2014atoolboxltelteobsoleteLteRMCDL.m codepre  pThen, I tried LteRMCDL.m. Unfortunetely it returnsp  precodexLteRMCDLR.5 Cannot find an exact casesensitive match for lteRMCDL  The closest match is LteRMCDL in usrlocalMATLABR2014atoolboxltelteobsoleteLteRMCDL.m   Error in obsoleteLTEFunction line 8 [varargout1nargout] newfunctionargs  Error in LteRMCDL line 12 [varargout1nargout]  obsoleteLTEFunctionmfilename,lteRMCDL,varargin codepre  pHas anyone already solve this kind of problemp  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pSo Im stuck with a thread hostile singleton implementation that returns an Iterator to a HashSet. I have two threads that sometimes access this Iterator simultaneously to load data. Ill call them the luckyThread and the unluckyThread. emONEem of them unluckyThread throws a ConcurrentModificationException.p  pQuestion Is is safe to assume all is well with the other thread To be specific is the data loaded by the luckyThread free of corruption The couple of time this happened the system chugged along just fine, except for the unluckyThread Dont think this question requires any code sample, but Id be happy to provide them if required.p  pUpdate without getting into details the system is fine as long as one of the threads loads a clean data set. And quite needless to say I fixed this issue, but this got me thinking about recovering from such exceptions and I did not find anything concrete online.p
Negative 802 pMy activity emreceives two codeintentcodeem from emtwo strongdifferentemstrong codeactivitycode.p  pOne codeintentcode contains codeintcode value with emextrasem and another contains codeStringcode. I want to distinguish both codeintentcode in strongreceiver activitystrong.p  pIs there any way to check if the received intent has codeintcode value in extras or codeStringcodep  pPlease emdont suggestem to use codestartActivityForResultcode to receive multiple intents in same activity.p
Negative 802 pIm Generating video and saving to CameraRoll,here i need to fetch the video to my next view which was generated and saved in Camera Roll.Hope someone helps.Im not getting the correct one to follow.Actually Im creating and saving video using this codep  precodeNSError error  nil NSFileManager fileMgr  [NSFileManager defaultManager] NSString documentsDirectory  [NSHomeDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentDocuments] NSString videoOutputPath  [documentsDirectory        stringByAppendingPathComponenttestoutput.mp4] if [fileMgr removeItemAtPathvideoOutputPath erroramperror]  YES NSLogUnable to delete file , [error localizedDescription] CGSize imageSize  CGSizeMake400, 200 NSUInteger fps  30 NSArray imagePaths  [[NSBundle mainBundle]   pathsForResourcesOfTypejpg inDirectorynil] self.chosenImages  [[NSMutableArray alloc]   initWithCapacityimagePaths.count] NSLoggtimageArray.count i, self.chosenImages.count for NSString path in imagePaths  [self.chosenImages addObject[UIImage imageWithContentsOfFilepath]]    NSLogStart building video from defined frames.  AVAssetWriter videoWriter  [[AVAssetWriter alloc] initWithURL [NSURL fileURLWithPathvideoOutputPath]  fileTypeAVFileTypeQuickTimeMovie                                                       erroramperror] NSParameterAssertvideoWriter  NSDictionary videoSettings  [NSDictionary dictionaryWithObjectsAndKeys                            AVVideoCodecH264, AVVideoCodecKey, [NSNumber numberWithIntimageSize.width],   AVVideoWidthKey, [NSNumber numberWithIntimageSize.height], AVVideoHeightKey,                            nil]  AVAssetWriterInput videoWriterInput  [AVAssetWriterInput assetWriterInputWithMediaTypeAVMediaTypeVideo                                     outputSettingsvideoSettings] AVAssetWriterInputPixelBufferAdaptor adaptor      [AVAssetWriterInputPixelBufferAdapto assetWriterInputPixelBufferAdaptorWithAssetWriterInputvideoWriterInput sourcePixelBufferAttributesnil] NSParameterAssertvideoWriterInput NSParameterAssert[videoWriter canAddInputvideoWriterInput] videoWriterInput.expectsMediaDataInRealTime  YES [videoWriter addInputvideoWriterInput] [videoWriter startWriting] [videoWriter startSessionAtSourceTimekCMTimeZero]  CVPixelBufferRef buffer  NULL int frameCount  0 double numberOfSecondsPerFrame  6 double frameDuration  fps  numberOfSecondsPerFrame forUIImage  img in self.chosenImages  UIImage  img  frm.imageFrame  buffer  [self pixelBufferFromCGImage[img CGImage]]  BOOL appendok  NO  int j  0  while appendok ampamp j lt 30      if adaptor.assetWriterInput.readyForMoreMediaData           print out status         NSLogProcessing video frame d,lu,frameCount,unsigned long   [self.chosenImages count]          CMTime frameTime  CMTimeMakeframeCountframeDuration,int32t fps         appendok  [adaptor appendPixelBufferbuffer withPresentationTimeframeTime]         ifappendok             NSError error  videoWriter.error             iferrornil                  NSLogUnresolved error ,., error, [error userInfo]                                else          printfadaptor not ready d, dn, frameCount, j         [NSThread sleepForTimeInterval0.1]          j  if appendok      printferror appending image d times dn, with error., frameCount, j  frameCount   NSLog    Finish the session  [videoWriterInput markAsFinished]  [videoWriter finishWriting]  NSLogWrite Ended  AVMutableComposition mixComposition  [AVMutableComposition composition]  NSString bundleDirectory  [[NSBundle mainBundle] bundlePath]  audio input file... NSString audioinputFilePath  [bundleDirectory   stringByAppendingPathComponent30secs.mp3] NSURL    audioinputFileUrl  [NSURL fileURLWithPathaudioinputFilePath] NSURL    videoinputFileUrl  [NSURL fileURLWithPathvideoOutputPath] NSString outputFilePath  [documentsDirectory stringByAppendingPathComponentfinalvideo.mp4] NSURL    outputFileUrl  [NSURL fileURLWithPathoutputFilePath]  if [[NSFileManager defaultManager] fileExistsAtPathoutputFilePath] [[NSFileManager defaultManager] removeItemAtPathoutputFilePath errornil]  CMTime nextClipStartTime  kCMTimeZero  AVURLAsset videoAsset  [[AVURLAsset  alloc]initWithURLvideoinputFileUrl optionsnil] CMTimeRange videotimeRange     CMTimeRangeMakekCMTimeZero,videoAsset.duration AVMutableCompositionTrack acompositionVideoTrack  [mixComposition   addMutableTrackWithMediaTypeAVMediaTypeVideo     preferredTrackIDkCMPersistentTrackIDInvalid] [acompositionVideoTrack insertTimeRangevideotimeRange ofTrack      [[videoAsset tracksWithMediaTypeAVMediaTypeVideo] objectAtIndex0]   atTimenextClipStartTime errornil]    AVURLAsset audioAsset  [[AVURLAsset alloc]initWithURLaudioinputFileUrl  optionsnil] CMTimeRange audiotimeRange  CMTimeRangeMakekCMTimeZero, audioAsset.duration AVMutableCompositionTrack bcompositionAudioTrack  [mixComposition addMutableTrackWithMediaTypeAVMediaTypeAudio preferredTrackIDkCMPersistentTrackIDInvalid] [bcompositionAudioTrack insertTimeRangeaudiotimeRange ofTrack[[audioAsset tracksWithMediaTypeAVMediaTypeAudio] objectAtIndex0] atTimenextClipStartTime errornil] AVAssetExportSession assetExport  [[AVAssetExportSession alloc] initWithAssetmixComposition presetNameAVAssetExportPresetHighestQuality] assetExport.outputFileType  com.apple.quicktimemovie assetExport.outputFileType  public.mpeg4 NSLogsupport file types , [assetExport supportedFileTypes] assetExport.outputURL  outputFileUrl  [assetExport exportAsynchronouslyWithCompletionHandler  void      ALAssetsLibrary assetLibrary  [[ALAssetsLibrary alloc] init]      [assetLibrary writeVideoAtPathToSavedPhotosAlbumoutputFileUrl completionBlockNSURL assetURL, NSError error          iferror  nil              NSLogSaved Successfully               ]    NSLogDONE.....outputFilePathgt, outputFilePath  codepre
Negative 802 pTo match a date in strongmmddyyyystrong format. the regular expression isp  pcode0[19]1[012][ .]0[19][12][09]3[01][ .]1920ddcodep  pBut this will not validate the February, or the month with 3031 days.p  pBut I got some result for strongddmmyyyystrong format from Internetp  precode[12][09]0[19]0230[12][09]0[19]0[469]113[01][12][09]0[19]0[13578]1[02][09]4 codepre  pCould someone help me to change this to validate for strongmmddyyyystrong formatp  pFinally, I found the ansewerp  precode0[19]1[02]0[19]1[09]2[08]0[139]1[02]29300[13578]1[02]310000[09]40229[09]20[48][2468][048][13579][26]0[48][2468][048][13579][26]00 codepre
Negative 802 pWhy does the apache source havep  precodedefine APMODULEDECLAREtype type codepre  pWhat is the advantage of using, for example, this formp  precodeAPCOREDECLAREvoid apaddperdirconfserverrec s, void dirconfig codepre  pvs p  precodevoid apaddperdirconfserverrec s, void dirconfig codepre  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pplease have a look at this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netzb443xj9 relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netzb443xj9ap  pThe bubble is drawed higher by the radius.  Therefore method drawPoints is changed as followed because this changing feature is not implemented in the frameworkp  precode    function H      H.wrapH.seriesTypes.bubble.prototype, drawPoints, function p          var series  this         H.eachseries.points, function point, i              point.shapeArgs.y  point.shapeArgs.r moved up by radius                   p.callthis      Highcharts codepre  pIf you hover over the bubble you see, that the shadow and the tooltip strongstillstrong orientate on the strongold centerstrong.  Does anybody know how the method for drawing the shadow and tooltip is namedp  pId love to strongoverwrite these two methodsstrong as well. I hoped the are called something like drawShadow and drawTooltip but unfortunately not.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIn every WTL example, codeCoInitializecode is called as the first function of codeWinMaincode. I know that WTL is based on ATL, which is closely related to COM, but as I see it, a WTL program can easily not use any COM code cant it.p  pWhat adds to the confusion is that ATL has classes such as codeCComCriticalSectioncode, which has nothing to do with COM, despite the name.p  pSo my question is is it necessary to call codeCoInitializecode in a WTL program, even when no COM is explicitly usedp
Negative 802 ul liI am trying to support the how to crack a interview repository a hrefhttpsgithub.comgaylemcdctcitreemasterjavascriptlibdatastructures relnofollowhttpsgithub.comgaylemcdctcitreemasterjavascriptlibdatastructuresali liI am trying to crack the interviews for JS positionli liThey are using mocha and chai, so I am trying to commit the code in JSli liI am trying to execute the below steps but I am failing at the below step, codenpm installcodeli liI am getting the below errorli liI have installed Node.js after that tried codenpm installcodeli ul  pHerep  precodenpm ERR install Couldnt read dependencies npm ERR Darwin 14.0.0 npm ERR argv node usrlocalbinnpm install npm ERR node v0.12.0 npm ERR npm  v2.5.1 npm ERR path UsersRajpackage.json npm ERR code ENOPACKAGEJSON npm ERR errno 2  npm ERR package.json ENOENT, open UsersRajpackage.json npm ERR package.json This is most likely not a problem with npm itself. npm ERR package.json npm cant find a package.json file in your current directory.  npm ERR Please include the following file with any support request npm ERR     UsersRajDesktopctcinpmdebug.log codepre  pCan you tell me how to solve itp  precodegit clone httpsgithub.comgaylemcdctci.git cd ctcijavascript npm install npm install g mocha mocha recursive codepre
Negative 802 pIm in situation when I define a Resourses file to change default global messages like follow tutorial a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma108667203555947httpstackoverflow.coma108667203555947ap  precodeFieldMustBeNumeric  0 not a nummber. PropertyValueInvalid  1 is invalid. codepre  pand I declare a variable likep  precodepublic int number  get set  codepre  pWhen I input a string on the form, it always show the message of PropertyValueInvalid, but I want to show the message of FieldMustBeNumeric.p  pPlease help me, thank youp
Negative 802 pIm working on a project in which I need to select an area from drop down list and that area will be zoomed on Google map. In my code, I have 3 dropdownlists. I have already put the markers for all areas, but I need to get a marker for one selected area and that area should be zoomed on the map. Here is the code of what I have done. What should I add to it in order to get the required resultp  precodeusing System using System.Collections.Generic using System.Linq using System.Web using System.Web.UI using System.Web.UI.WebControls using System.Data using System.Configuration using System.Data.SqlClient  namespace trial2      public partial class explore  System.Web.UI.Page              protected void PageLoadobject sender, EventArgs e                      if IsPostBack                               DropDownList1.DataBind                  ListItem liMainArea  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList1.Items.Insert0, liMainArea                  DropDownList2.DataBind                  ListItem liSubArea  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList2.Items.Insert0, liSubArea                  DropDownList3.DataBind                 ListItem liAmenities  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList3.Items.Insert0, liAmenities                   DropDownList2.Enabled  false                 DropDownList3.Enabled  false                           string markers  GetMarkers             Literal1.Text        ltscript typetextjavascriptgt      function initialize        var mapOptions        center new google.maps.LatLng23.0300, 72.5800,      zoom 12,      mapTypeId google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP       var myMap  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdgoogleMap, mapOptions              markers                   google.maps.event.addDomListenerwindow, load, initialize      ltscriptgt                       protected string GetMarkers                      string markers               using SqlConnection con  new SqlConnectionSystem.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.ConnectionStrings[gisConnectionString].ConnectionString                                  SqlCommand cmd  new SqlCommandSELECT [Name], [Latitude], [Longitude] FROM [MAIN AREA], con                 con.Open                  SqlDataReader reader  cmd.ExecuteReader                 int i  0                  while reader.Read                                      i                     markers                      var marker  i.ToString    new google.maps.Marker               position new google.maps.LatLng  reader[Latitude].ToString  ,                       reader[Longitude].ToString  ,                      map myMap,               title  reader[Name].ToString                                             return markers                    protected void DropDownList1SelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      if DropDownList1.SelectedIndex  0                                          DropDownList2.Enabled  false                 DropDownList2.DataBind                  ListItem liSubArea  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList2.Items.Insert0, liSubArea                  DropDownList3.Enabled  false                 DropDownList3.DataBind                  ListItem liAmenities  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList3.Items.Insert0, liAmenities                           else              DropDownList2.Enabled  true                   DropDownList2.DataBind                  ListItem liSubArea  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList2.Items.Insert0, liSubArea                  DropDownList3.SelectedIndex  0                 DropDownList3.Enabled  false                                   protected void DropDownList2SelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                      if DropDownList2.SelectedIndex  0                                           DropDownList3.Enabled  false                  DropDownList3.DataBind                 ListItem liAmenities  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList3.Items.Insert0, liAmenities                          else                              DropDownList3.Enabled  true                   DropDownList3.DataBind                  ListItem liAmenities  new ListItemSelect, 1                 DropDownList3.Items.Insert0, liAmenities                                 protected void DropDownList3SelectedIndexChangedobject sender, EventArgs e                             codepre
Negative 802 pIm sure Im missing something obvious here, but I cant get my head around how to check for an existing card against a customer.p  pIm using the stripe connect api within an laravel app to manage payments on behalf of others, and the basic process is as followsp  ul lia stripe codetokencode is created via codestripe.jscode and submitted with the payment formli liif the customer exists in the local database, I grab their codestripeidcode, otherwise a new customer is created using the token as the sourcecardli lia codechargecode is then created using the retrieved or new customer codestripeidcodeli ul  pCurrently, if the customer returns and uses a different card, as the charge only includes a customer, not source, itll be charged against their default card regardless.p  pWhat Id like to do isp  ul licreate a stripe codetokencodeli licheck codecustomercode against local database etcli licheck codecardcode fingerprint against customers cardsli liif necessary, create new codecardcode on customers recordli licreate charge using both codecustomercode and codecardcode idsli ul  pstrongSimply putstrong I cant see where in the process a persistent codecardidcode is generated both those used in the codestripe.jscode response, and when created in the stripe dashboard, appear to be unique, meaning every charge creates a brandnew card object in stripe.p  pI know I can retrieve a list of cards stored against a customers account  but where do I get the initial codecardidcode from to search againstp  pIve seen a question that touches on this here  a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions23698614canicheckwhetherstripeacardisalreadyexistedbeforegoingtocreatenewCan I check whether stripe a card is already existed before going to create new onea  but I dont know Ruby, so cant make head nor tail of it.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pSimpler version  is there a way to get the codefingerprintcode as described in the stripe docs here  a hrefhttpsstripe.comdocsapiphpcardobject relnofollowhttpsstripe.comdocsapiphpcardobjecta  without having to first create a card object p
Negative 802 pMy table X contains two columns Latitude and Longitudep  precodeLatitude Longitude   47.564    43.211   48.11     67.87   23.187    10.672   codepre  pI want to create a one STMultiPoint geometry which contains all these values.br However when I run select STAsTextSTMultiPointLongitude, Latitude from Xbr multipoints are created for each record. So how do I create one mega multi point  p
Negative 802 pOur PHP web app makes a series of curl requests to APIs in response to certain requests. Were debugging a problem where the request occasionally times out after 30 seconds with a 503 response code... were pretty sure its because one or two of the curl requests is taking too long.p  pIn an effort to diagnose which curl requests are the problem, wed like to log or track the individual requests. Were hosting the app on a Heroku Cedar instance with the Logentries addon and we also use New Relic, but neither tools seem to offer an option to logtrack the individual codecurlcodes. How do we do thisp  pI know we could set variables with timestamps and log them manually... but suspect wed be reinventing the wheel. Whats the best way to do this, preferably without messing with our code base.p
Negative 802 pI have a zip file which I put a password on but I forgot the password. I know the format which I would have used, a word ,with or possibly without capitalization, and a few numbers and then possibly 1 or 2 punctuation marks. I was wondering how to go about doing this. Is there a program to do this. I think I can make the list by creating a simple program but I wouldnt know how to enter them other than by hand which might take a while. Thanks p
Negative 802 pI have a website with several different subdomains, and want to have parts of the site with higher levels of security than others. Such as Admin areas. I know that you can create as many certificates as you want. The issue that I am having is that whatever subdomain is listed first, its codeDocumentRootcode is applied to all the other subdomains redirecting to codehttpscode. Here is my code in codehttpdvhosts.confcodep  precode     HTTP Configuration     ltVirtualHost 80gt     ServerName account.example.com     RewriteEngine On           RewriteCond HTTPS on           RewriteRule . httpsHTTPHOSTREQUESTURI           DocumentRoot ApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteAccount     ltVirtualHostgt       SSL Configuration     ltVirtualHost 443gt         ServerName account.example.com         SSLEngine on         SSLCertificateFile ApplicationsMAMPconfapacheaccount.crt         SSLCertificateKeyFile ApplicationsMAMPconfapacheaccount.key         DocumentRoot ApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteAccount     ltVirtualHostgt      Secure Admin Config     ltVirtualHost 80gt     ServerName secure.example.com     DocumentRoot ApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteSecure RewriteEngine On           RewriteCond HTTPS on           RewriteRule . httpsHTTPHOSTREQUESTURI           DocumentRoot ApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteSecure      Other directives here      ltVirtualHostgt     SSL Config for Admin area       SSL Configuration         ltVirtualHost 443gt             ServerName secure.example.com             SSLEngine on             SSLCertificateFile ApplicationsMAMPconfapachesecure.crt             SSLCertificateKeyFile ApplicationsMAMPconfapachesecure.key             DocumentRoot ApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteSecure         ltVirtualHostgt codepre  pFor example, if I were to go to codesecure.example.comcode its codeDocumentRootcode would be codeApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteAccountcode instead of codeApplicationsMAMPhtdocsWebsiteSecurecodep  pIs there a way to fix thisp  pThank you in advancep
Negative 802 pThis is my expected result.p  pInput a string and get three returned string.p  pI have no idea how to finish it with Regex in Ruby.p  pthis is my roughly  idea.p  precodematch..d codepre  h1Input and expected outputh1  precode R224OO2003 gt R224, OO, 2003  R2241OOP2003 gt R2244, OOP, 2003 codepre
Negative 802 pI am doing 2 simple tests and profiling them in the google devtools timeline. Declaring a variable outside the function and assigning it a new value in a for loop seems to allocate lots of memory and triggers the garbage collector repeatedly.br On the other hand, declaring the variable in the scope of the function allocates less memory or no memory at all.br Here is the first casep  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction    function createVars      var i     var b     for i  0 i lt 10000 i  1        b  Math.random          requestAnimationFramecreateVars       requestAnimationFramecreateVars codepre div div p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comjivF5.jpg altcase 1p  pAnd the second one  p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction    var b    function createVars      var i     for i  0 i lt 10000 i  1        b  Math.random          requestAnimationFramecreateVars       requestAnimationFramecreateVars codepre div div p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comBNwpZ.jpg altcase 2br I would have expected the opposite or at least a similar behaviour.p
Negative 802 pI have a Telerik MVC not Kendo grid that uses the a hrefhttpwww.telerik.comhelpaspnetmvctelerikuicomponentsgrideditingajaxediting.html relnofollowdefault Ajax binding for editinga. For some unfathomable reason, when editing a row, the Save and Cancel buttons sport a tooltip of Edit. I have not found where to define the Title text for the Save or Cancel buttons, only for the Edit and Delete buttonsp  precodecommands.Edit.ButtonTypeGridButtonType.BareImage.HtmlAttributesnew  class  grideditbutton .ImageHtmlAttributesnew  alt  Edit, title  Edit  commands.Delete.ButtonTypeGridButtonType.BareImage.HtmlAttributesnew  class  griddeletebutton .ImageHtmlAttributesnew  alt  Delete, title  Delete  codepre  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comOk3dR.png altIncorrect tooltip when mouse is hovering over itp  pThis is code that I copied from another section of the project unfortunately, written by someone who has since left the company and it works correctly there. I have had no luck asking Telerik for help, as the MVC libraries are not their most current offerings but I must use them for legacy reasons.p  pDoes anyone know how to force the tooltip text to the correct valuep
Negative 802 pI have the following two class one is fragment class and another one is custom expandablelistadapter class. i want the values fetch from the expandablelistadapter class and set the values into fragment UI component like set into textview i describe as comment in following class where to taken values and where to set the valuesp  pstrongSlideContentFragment.javastrongp  precodepublic class SlidingContentFragment extends Fragment      static final String LOGTAG  SlidingContentFragment  store category list from Conastant list, used for to display pagetitle ListltStringgt catList  AppConstants.CATEGORYLIST  private static String[] tmpId   35,36,41,42,43,44,45,46  ExpandableListView exListCategory   private SlidingTabLayout mSlidingTabLayout      A link android.support.v4.view.ViewPager which will be used in conjunction with the link SlidingTabLayout above.   private ViewPager mViewPager private ExpandableListAdapter mAdapter  added new private SamplePagerAdapter myAdapter  public SlidingContentFragment    Override public View onCreateViewLayoutInflater inflater, Nullable ViewGroup container, Nullable Bundle savedInstanceState      View v  inflater.inflateR.layout.fragmentslidingcontent, container, false      ImageButton cartImgBtn  ImageButtonv.findViewByIdR.id.imgBtnCart     TextView totalCntItem  TextViewv.findViewByIdR.id.tvCartItemCount       I want here set the value of totalCounter from ExpandableList Adapter class when i click on plus      OR minus button of particular item it updates its value as total count of all item selected       here following line of code which not worked     totalCntItem.setTextString.formatd,CategoryItemListAdapter.getTotalCounter      return v    Override public void onViewCreatedView view, Bundle savedInstanceState       BEGININCLUDE setupviewpager      Get the ViewPager and set its PagerAdapter so that it can display items     this.myAdapter  new SamplePagerAdapter  added new     mViewPager  ViewPager view.findViewByIdR.id.viewpager     mViewPager.setAdapterthis.myAdapter      ENDINCLUDE setupviewpager         BEGININCLUDE setupslidingtablayout      Give the SlidingTabLayout the ViewPager, this must be done AFTER the ViewPager has had      its PagerAdapter set.     mSlidingTabLayout  SlidingTabLayout view.findViewByIdR.id.slidingtabs     mSlidingTabLayout.setViewPagermViewPager    public class SamplePagerAdapter extends PagerAdapter      public SamplePagerAdapter          super           Override     public int getCount          return catList.size           Override     public boolean isViewFromObjectView view, Object o         return o  view            Override     public CharSequence getPageTitleint position         return catList.getposition            Override     public int getItemPosition Object object              return PagerAdapter.POSITIONNONE           Override     public Object instantiateItemViewGroup container, final int position          return super.instantiateItemcontainer, position         ViewPager viewPager  ViewPagercontainer         View view  getActivity.getLayoutInflater.inflateR.layout.pageritem,                 container, false         viewPager.addViewview          exListCategory  ExpandableListViewview.findViewByIdR.id.myExpandableListView         exListCategory.setIndicatorBounds10,20         exListCategory.setDividerHeight2          ifConnectionDetector.isInternetAvailablegetActivity              new CategoryJSONAsyncTask.executehttp....apiMainGetCateenOrderCategoryItemListDetailCategoryID  tmpId[position].trim         else             Utility.buildDialoggetActivity.show                   Log.iString.formats POSITION, LOGTAG, String.valueOfposition         Log.iString.formats CATLIST, LOGTAG,String.valueOfcatList.getposition          view.setTagposition          return view             Override     public void destroyItemViewGroup container, int position, Object object          viewpager         ViewPager viewPager  ViewPagercontainer         View view  View object         view.getTagposition         viewPager.removeViewview         ViewPager container.removeViewView object         public class CategoryJSONAsyncTask  extends AsyncTaskltString,Void,Stringgt      Override     protected void onPreExecute          super.onPreExecute           Override     protected String doInBackgroundString... params          String result           try              HttpGet httppost  new HttpGetparams[0]             HttpClient httpclient  new DefaultHttpClient             HttpResponse response  httpclient.executehttppost              int status  response.getStatusLine.getStatusCode              if status  200                  HttpEntity entity  response.getEntity                 result  EntityUtils.toStringentity                  return result                          return result          catch IOException e              e.printStackTrace                  return null               Override     protected void onPostExecuteString result          super.onPostExecuteresult             ArrayListltCategoryParentItemListgt listParent  fetchResponseresult.replacen,.trim             for Object obj  listParent                 ifobj.getClass  CategoryParentItemList.class                     CategoryParentItemList p  CategoryParentItemListobj                     System.out.printlnPItemName  p.subCategoryName                                           CategoryItemListAdapter adapter  new CategoryItemListAdapterSlidingContentFragment.this.getActivity, listParent             exListCategory.setAdapteradapter             adapter.notifyDataSetChanged         public ArrayListltCategoryParentItemListgt fetchResponseString result      ArrayListltCategoryParentItemListgt listParent  new ArrayListltgt     if result.equals              try                      JSONObject jsono  new JSONObjectresult             JSONArray jarray  jsono.getJSONArraySBL              CategoryParentItemList parent              for int i  0 i lt jarray.length i                              ArrayListltCategoryChildListItemgt childrens  new ArrayListltgt                 childrens.clear                 CategoryChildListItem child                  JSONObject object  jarray.getJSONObjecti                 System.out.printlnSCI   object.getIntSubCategoryID                 System.out.printlnSCN   object.getStringSubCategoryName                  JSONArray subItemArray  object.getJSONArraySubCategoryItemList                  if subItemArray.length gt 0                                      for int j  0 j lt subItemArray.length j                                              JSONObject subItemObject  subItemArray.getJSONObjectj                         String strItemName  subItemObject.getStringItemName                         String strDefaultPrice  subItemObject.getStringDefaultPrice                          child  new CategoryChildListItemstrItemName, strDefaultPrice                         childrens.addchild                          Log.istrItemName, strItemName                         Log.istrDefaultPrice, strDefaultPrice                                          parent  new CategoryParentItemListobject.getStringSubCategoryName,childrens                     listParent.addparent                                                catch JSONException e                      e.printStackTrace                   return listParent   codepre  pstrongCategoryListItemAdaptor.javastrongp  precodepublic class CategoryItemListAdapter extends BaseExpandableListAdapter     private Context context     public static int totalCounter0  private ArrayListltCategoryParentItemListgt listParent  static class ViewHolderGroup      public TextView lblSubCategoryName   static class ViewHolderChild      public TextView lblItemName     public TextView lblDefualtPrice     public TextView lblQty     public ImageButton imgPlus     public ImageButton imgMinus    public CategoryItemListAdapterContext context, ArrayListltCategoryParentItemListgt listParent      super     this.context  context     this.listParent  listParent   Override public int getGroupCount       return listParent.size   Override public int getChildrenCountint groupPosition      ArrayListltCategoryChildListItemgt ch  listParent.getgroupPosition.getChildList     return ch.size   Override public Object getGroupint groupPosition       return listParent.getgroupPosition   Override public Object getChildint groupPosition, int childPosition      ArrayListltCategoryChildListItemgt ch  listParent.getgroupPosition.getChildList     return ch.getchildPosition   Override public long getGroupIdint groupPosition       return groupPosition   Override public long getChildIdint groupPosition, int childPosition       return childPosition   Override public boolean hasStableIds      return false   Override public View getGroupViewint groupPosition, boolean isExpanded, View convertView, ViewGroup parent      CategoryParentItemList parentItem  CategoryParentItemListlistParent.getgroupPosition     CategoryParentItemList parentItem  CategoryParentItemList getGroupgroupPosition     ViewHolderGroup holderGroup      if convertView  null          LayoutInflater infalInflater  LayoutInflater context.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE         convertView  infalInflater.inflateR.layout.groupheader, null         holderGroup  new ViewHolderGroup         holderGroup.lblSubCategoryName  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.tvItemName         convertView.setTagholderGroup      else          holderGroup  ViewHolderGroup convertView.getTag           holderGroup.lblSubCategoryName.setTextparentItem.getSubCategoryName     return convertView   Override public View getChildViewint groupPosition,int childPosition, boolean isLastChild, View convertView, ViewGroup parent      final CategoryParentItemList parentItem  CategoryParentItemList listParent.getgroupPosition     final CategoryChildListItem childItem  CategoryChildListItem parentItem.getChildList.getchildPosition     CategoryChildListItem childItem  CategoryChildListItem getChildgroupPosition, childPosition      ViewHolderChild holder       if convertView  null          LayoutInflater infalInflater  LayoutInflater context.getSystemServiceContext.LAYOUTINFLATERSERVICE         convertView  infalInflater.inflateR.layout.childrow, null          holder  new ViewHolderChild          holder.lblItemName  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.tvSubItemName         holder.lblDefualtPrice  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.tvrRupees         holder.lblQty  TextView convertView.findViewByIdR.id.tvQty         holder.imgPlus  ImageButton convertView.findViewByIdR.id.imageButtonPlus         holder.imgMinus  ImageButton convertView.findViewByIdR.id.imageButtonMinus            convertView.setTagholder      else          holder  ViewHolderChild convertView.getTag            holder.lblItemName.setTextchildItem.getSubItemName     holder.lblDefualtPrice.setTextchildItem.getDefaultPrice       int tmpCount  Integer.parseIntholder.lblQty.getText.toString     holder.imgPlus.setOnClickListenernew ClickUpdateListenerchildItem,holder, tmpCount     holder.imgMinus.setOnClickListenernew ClickUpdateListenerchildItem,holder, tmpCount      return convertView   Override public boolean isChildSelectableint groupPosition, int childPosition      return true   Override public boolean areAllItemsEnabled      return true   public static int getTotalCounter      return totalCounter   private class ClickUpdateListener implements View.OnClickListener       ViewHolderChild holder     public CategoryChildListItem childItem       int counter  0     String  counterMin      public ClickUpdateListenerCategoryChildListItem childItem,ViewHolderChild holder, int cnt          this.childItem  childItem         this.holder  holder         this.counter  cnt             Override     public void onClickView v          ifv.getId  R.id.imageButtonPlus              counter  counter  1             totalCounter1              System.out.printlnchildItem.getSubItemName  childItem.getDefaultPrice   C   counter              holder.lblQty.setTextString.formatd, counter              notifyDataSetChanged                   ifv.getId  R.id.imageButtonMinus             counterMin  String holder.lblQty.getText             counter  Integer.parseIntcounterMin.toString.trim             counterMin  null             ifcounter gt 0                  counter  counter  1                 totalCounter1                  System.out.printlnchildItem.getSubItemName  childItem.getDefaultPrice   C   counter                  holder.lblQty.setTextString.formatd, counter                  notifyDataSetChanged             else                 Toast.makeTextcontext,Qty Zero,Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show                                              codepre
Negative 802 pI have a function in F , like p  precodelet MyFunction x       let workingVariable1  x  1     let workingVariable2  workingVariable1  1     let y  workingVariable2  1     y codepre  pBasically, codeMyFunctioncode takes an input codexcode and returns codeycode. However, in the process of calculation, there are a few working variables intermediate variables, and due to the nature of my work civil engineering, I need to report all intermediate results. How should I store all working variables of the function p
Negative 802 pIm using a hrefhttpsgithub.com47degandroidswipelistview relnofollowSwipeLayouta and got stuck with following I want that a list item cannot be opened while the user is scrolling and his finger still touches the screen even if he does not perform scrolling, but his finger is still on the screen after scrolling. Now it doesnt work in my programm. I can scrolling, then stop scrolling and then my finger is still on the screen perform swipe open animation. Here is my onCreate methodp  precodeprotected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState      super.onCreatesavedInstanceState     setContentViewR.layout.swipelistlayout      LinearLayout rootView  LinearLayout findViewByIdR.id.listrootlayout      SwipeListView listView  new SwipeListViewthis, getBackView, getFrontView     listView.setLayoutParamsnew ViewGroup.LayoutParamsViewGroup.LayoutParams.MATCHPARENT, ViewGroup.LayoutParams.WRAPCONTENT     listView.setSwipeListViewListenernew SwipeListener     listView.setSwipeModeSwipeListView.SWIPEMODELEFT     listView.setSwipeActionLeftSwipeListView.SWIPEACTIONREVEAL     listView.setOffsetLeftconvertDpToPixel20f     listView.setAnimationTime50     listView.setSwipeOpenOnLongPressfalse     listView.setSwipeCloseAllItemsWhenMoveListtrue     listView.setBackgroundColorgetResources.getColorR.color.blackcolor     rootView.addViewlistView      refreshAdapterlistView     getSort     getLoaderManager.initLoader0, null, this  codepre  pI took a look into SwipeListViewTouchListener and found the following method therep  precodepublic AbsListView.OnScrollListener makeScrollListener      return new AbsListView.OnScrollListener           private boolean isFirstItem  false         private boolean isLastItem  false          Override         public void onScrollStateChangedAbsListView absListView, int scrollState              setEnabledscrollState  AbsListView.OnScrollListener.SCROLLSTATETOUCHSCROLL             if swipeClosesAllItemsWhenListMoves ampamp scrollState  SCROLLSTATETOUCHSCROLL                  closeOpenedItems                          if scrollState  SCROLLSTATETOUCHSCROLL                  listViewMoving  true                 setEnabledfalse                          if scrollState  AbsListView.OnScrollListener.SCROLLSTATEFLING ampamp scrollState  SCROLLSTATETOUCHSCROLL                  listViewMoving  false                 downPosition  ListView.INVALIDPOSITION                 swipeListView.resetScrolling                 new Handler.postDelayednew Runnable                      public void run                          setEnabledtrue                                      , 500                       codepre  pSo is it possible that when I stop scrolling but my finger is still on the screen onScrollChanged doesnt invoked any longer or something like that What can you recommend to solve this issue Thank you in advance.p
Negative 802 pIm getting this errorp  precodejava.lang.NumberFormatException Invalid double 20.528899, codepre  pim using a webservice to get latitude and longitude from bd, and show in a map. I am not able to pass the latitude and longitude values to list i am saving lat and long at the same column in db, so this field should be lat, long eg 20.528899, 47.438933 and i need to parse this in the list...can i do thisp  precodepublic ListltLocalizacoesgt buscarLocalizacoes      ListltLocalizacoesgt lista  new ArrayListltLocalizacoesgt      SoapObject buscarLocalizacoes  new SoapObjectNAMESPACE, BUSCAR      SoapSerializationEnvelope envelope  new SoapSerializationEnvelopeSoapEnvelope.VER11      envelope.setOutputSoapObjectbuscarLocalizacoes      envelope.implicitTypes  true      HttpTransportSE http  new HttpTransportSEURL      try          http.calluri  BUSCAR, envelope          VectorltSoapObjectgt resposta  VectorltSoapObjectgt envelope.getResponse          for SoapObject soapObject  resposta             Localizacoes loc  new Localizacoes              loc.setIdInteger.parseIntsoapObject.getPropertyid.toString             loc.setNomesoapObject.getPropertynome.toString             loc.setDescricaosoapObject.getPropertydescricao.toString             loc.setPosicaosoapObject.getPropertyposicao.toString  error in this line              lista.addloc                 catch Exception e           TODO Autogenerated catch block         e.printStackTrace         return null           return lista  codepre  pactivityp  precodedao  new LocalizacoesDAOcontext     ListltLocalizacoesgt lista  dao.buscarLocalizacoes      Log.dTeste Buscar, lista.toString   public void setPosicaoLatLng poLatLng      this.poLatLng  poLatLng     this.posicao  String.valueOfpoLatLng.latitude     String.valueOfpoLatLng.longitude   public void setPosicaoString posicao      this.posicao  posicao     String[] pos  posicao.split      this.poLatLng  new LatLngDouble.valueOfpos[0], Double.valueOfpos[1]  codepre  pcan anyone help me plsp
Negative 802 pMy code is below. i want to pass the value of get item from the controller named as project to other controller named as project list. can anyone one help me pleasep  precode      function callPopupe                  var itemselect e.itemIndex            ifitemselect1                         getitemitems[3].image1                      return getitem         codepre
Negative 802 pIm a bit unclear on what the intended use of the strongwidthstrong attribute in the xhtml strongltcolgroupstrong tag is.p  pThis reference admittedly to the now abandoned xhtml 2.0 spec gives an example that clearly indicates the width of the colgroup indicates the total width of the entire group of columnsp  pa hrefhttpwww.w3.orgTR2004WDxhtml220040722modtables.html relnofollowhttpwww.w3.orgTR2004WDxhtml220040722modtables.htmlap  pcorroborated here a hrefhttpreference.sitepoint.comhtmlcolgroup relnofollowhttpreference.sitepoint.comhtmlcolgroupa p  pOn the other hand, most other references are ambiguous about the meaning or suggest that the ltcolgroup width attribute is just another shared attribute that sets the width for each individual columnp  pa hrefhttpwww.w3.orgTRhtml401structtables.html relnofollowhttpwww.w3.orgTRhtml401structtables.htmlap  pcorroborated here  a hrefhttpxhtml.comenxhtmlreferencecolgroup relnofollowhttpxhtml.comenxhtmlreferencecolgroupa p  pThe HTML5 spec says nothing whatsoever about a width attributep  pa hrefhttpwww.w3.orgTRhtml5tabulardata.htmlthecolgroupelement relnofollowhttpwww.w3.orgTRhtml5tabulardata.htmlthecolgroupelementap  pHas the proposed use of the width attribute in ltcolgroup changed over time  The only definition that makes sense is the one given for the xhtml 2.0 spec, else the use of this is mostly redundant.  The use of ltcolgroup and ltcol is poorly thought out, in my opinion  too much redundancy, which is confusing to users.  For example,p  precodeltcolgroup span2 aligncentergt codepre  pandp  precodeltcol span2 aligncentergt codepre  pdo exactly the same thing.  The small convenience of being able to collectively set attributes for a group of columns which can be individually overridden is far outweighed by the additional processing complexity of sorting all this out.  Further, if strongwidthstrong in ltcolgroup doesnt apply to the total width of the referenced column group, then I would suggest that the ltcolgroup tag is entirely redundant, and unnecessary save for saving a little typing.  The fact that Ive been researching this for a while and still dont know how to use this attribute correctly is an indication that the typical html user is not going to bother with this feature, and will at most use a collection of ltcol tags to set column attributes.p
Negative 802 pIf you have the following list of listsp  precodegtgt A  [[1], [2]] codepre  pAnd then say you assign the 2nd list to the first list byp  precodegtgt A[0]  A[1] codepre  pYou end up with the followingp  precodegtgt print A [[2], [2]] codepre  pSo A[0] and A[1] point to the same list now. If you append an element to the first byp  precodegtgt A[0].append3 codepre  pYou will get the followingp  precodegtgt print A [[2,3], [2,3]] codepre  pHowever, if you try to delete the first list byp  precodegtgt del A[0] codepre  pThen only one list is removed, as followsp  precodegtgt print A [[1,2]] codepre  pstrongQ1.1 Why is the behavior differentstrong One might expect both lists to be removed.p  pClearly, if one just wants to make a copy of A[1] then the following works correctlyp  precodegtgt A  [[1], [2]] gtgt A[0]  listA[1] gtgt print A [[2], [2]] gtgt A[0].append3 gtgt print A [[2,3], [2]] codepre  pThe problem with this is that its running time is linear with the size of the list to copy, i.e., A[1].p  pstrongQ1.2 Can one copy a list from another without lineartime copy operationstrongp
Negative 802 pIm coding a page using html dirrtl, but unfortunately it messed up with my bootstrap drop down menu positioning. any idea how to fix itp  precodelthtml dirrtlgt ltdiv classdropdowngt         ltbutton typebutton classbtn btndefault dropdowntoggle datatoggledropdowngtAction ltspan classcaretgtltspangtltbuttongt         ltul classdropdownmenu rolemenu gt             ltli classdropdowngtlta hrefgtEditltagtltligt             ltli classdropdowngtlta hrefgtDeleteltagtltligt         ltulgt ltdivgt lthtmlgt codepre  pa hrefhttpjsfiddle.netBqKNV229 relnofollowlink to the codea. dont forget to wrap the code with html dirrtl.p  pimage a hrefhttpoi58.tinypic.comzl69ad.jpg relnofollowhttpoi58.tinypic.comzl69ad.jpgap
Negative 802 pSuppose I have a simple virtual machine model that keeps a queue of instructions in one of the following formatsp  ul licodeunaryopcode, inaddress, outaddresscodeli licodebinaryopcode, in1address, in2address, outaddresscodeli ul  pwhere all the addresses are integers to an array of memory units. p  pIs there any wellknown algorithm that analyzes the sequence of instructions and tries to parallelize them as much as possible withoutp  ol liProducing a different result from sequential execution.li liData race. li ol
Negative 802 pI try to implement an OAuth solution in nodejs. I used passportoauth for generating the acccess tokens and refresh tokens which is working.p  precodevar passport  requirepassport,     OAuth  requireoauth.OAuth,     url  requireurl,     ArenaNet  requirepassportoauth.OAuth2Strategy,     config  require..config,     users  require....appcontrollersusers.server.controller   module.exports  function      passport.usearenanet, new ArenaNet         authorizationURL config.arenanet.authorizationURL,         tokenURL config.arenanet.tokenURL,         clientID config.arenanet.clientID,         clientSecret config.arenanet.clientSecret,         callbackURL config.arenanet.callbackURL,         responsetype code,         scope offline account       ,     functionaccessToken, refreshToken, code, profile, done          console.logaccessToken         console.logrefreshToken         console.logcode          done       codepre  pThis generates the following outputp  precode69XXXXF776D4CXXAXX729XXXXXX4DB5 5FXXXXXXXXX67E1XXX1809DXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX694XX6XXF4C6XXXXX08EB  accesstoken XX0XXXXXF77XXX4XXXXXXXA7295XXXXXXB5,   tokentype Bearer,   scope account  codepre  pI am new to OAuth. What confuses me now is how to access a remote url with the tokens. What i have in mind is something like thisp  precodeoauth.get             httpsapi.guildwars2.comv2account,             accessToken,             functionerr, body, response                  console.logbody                       codepre  pWhat obviously dont work. I saw several examples how i can access local sites with the token, but not how to request something from a remote url.p  pAny suggestion how im able to this with passportoauth Or do i need to use a different module for this actionp  pI hope you can help me here, would be coolp  pThank you all and best regards, michaelp
Negative 802 pa hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryazurejj134103.aspx relnofollowhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryazurejj134103.aspxap  pAccording to the above articlep  pDirectory roles cannot be added or deleted using the Graph API. Updates are supported on the members navigation property only. Both add and remove are supported on this property.p  pI have tested Add user to role works,  but Remove user from role does not work.p  pAny Code sample pleasep  pHere is what I tried but no luckp  precode                if retrievedRoles  null ampamp retrievedRoles.Count  1                                      retrievedRole  DirectoryRoleretrievedRoles.First                      retrievedRole.Members.RemoveretrievedUser                     retrievedRole.UpdateAsync.Wait                  codepre
Negative 802 pI was searching for simple web server that is capable to directory index. In the past I was using codepython m SimpleHTTPServercode drawback of this is solution is that it only can serve one request at time. Then I inspired by following question a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12905426whatisafasteralternativetopythonssimplehttpserverWhat is a faster alternative to Pythons SimpleHTTPServera and Ive tried node.js and twisted. Those two solved the problem with processing one request at time but another problem here is that both node.js and twisted are not able to process files which contains spaces python solution worked. How to have both parallel requests handling and support for white spaces in filenamesp
Negative 802 pI am coding a script in java to automate a test case in Selenium. Unfortunatelly I am totally blocked in one step.p  pI am unable to use a locator to click an element.p  pThis is what I see about the element in my Browsers Development Tool I would like to upload a photo but I need more reputation to do it  p  precodeltli classxtreenodegtltdiv exttreenodeidsitelistUtilitiessite classxtreenodeel xtreenodeleaf xunselectable file unselectableongtltspan classxtreenodeindentgtltspangtltimg srchttpmucs70064.corp.knorrbremse.com1080Windchillnetmarketsimagessp.gif classxtreeecicon xtreeelbowendgtltimg srchttpmucs70064.corp.knorrbremse.com1080Windchillnetmarketsimagesdefaultleaf.png classxtreenodeicon xtreenodeinlineicon unselectableongtlta hidefocuson classxtreenodeanchor hrefhttpmucs70064.corp.knorrbremse.com1080Windchillappptc1sitelistUtilitiesoidOR3Awt.inf.container.ExchangeContainer3A5ampampu81 tabindex1gtltspan unselectableongtDienstprogrammeltspangtltagtltdivgtltul classxtreenodect styledisplaynonegtltulgtltligt codepre  pCan you please how can I proceedp  pThanks in advance Pablop
Negative 802 pI am trying to run a MapReduce 2 job on hadoop but get an error about connecting to port 8021. As far as I know this port is for the JobTracker, which is not used in MR2. This makes me wonder if I am somehow accidentally using MR1. However, extensive web search did not get me anywhere.p  pI used the new API org.apache.hadoop.mapreduce. and compiled with javac cp yarn classpath sourcefolder. Does anyone have a clue what I might be doing wrongp
Negative 802 pI do not understand something. Now, I am reading the documents in android developer site and there, it is written that in order to communicate with fragments, I should implement interface. However, now I can easily access the widgets, exist on fragment, in Main activitiy class. p  pFor example, in main activity class, by issuing following line, I can access fragments TextView. p  pcodeTextView t1  TextView findViewByIdR.id.t1codep  pIn this condition, why do i need to implement interface forgive my ignorance and thanksp
Negative 802 pI am a newbie to Swift. I have started a new project with Swift. I am trying to add SecondViewcontroller view as a subview to the FirstViewController. What i am looking is to declare the SecondViewController property for the FirstViewController. Can anyone please suggest the Swift version of the below codep  pstrongFirstViewController.hstrongp  precodeinterface FirstViewController  UIViewController      IBOutlet UIView listContainerView   property nonatomic, strong SecondViewController secondVC  end codepre  pstrongFirstViewController.mstrongp  precodeimport FirstViewController.h  interface FirstViewController   end  implementation FirstViewController   voidviewDidLoad      [super viewDidLoad]      UIStoryboard mainStoryBoard  [UIStoryboard storyboardWithNameMain bundlenil]      self.secondVC   SecondViewController [mainStoryBoard instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifierSecondViewController]      if [self.secondVC.view isDescendantOfViewself.view]          [self addChildViewControllerself.secondVC]         self.secondVC.view.frame  CGRectMake0, 0, listContainerView.frame.size.width, listContainerView.frame.size.height         [listContainerView addSubviewself.secondVC.view]         [self.secondVC didMoveToParentViewControllerself]         end codepre
Negative 802 pIn the C header file I havep  precodelong testAPI callAndSave        OUT char param1[31],      OUT char param2[5],      OUT char param3[21],      OUT char pointerParam      codepre  pI am trying to set and pass all the parameters in the codePythoncode and pass them to codecallAndSavecodep  precodeimport ctypes from ctypes import  lib  cdll.LoadLibrary.testlib.so  param1  ctypes.cchar31 param2  ctypes.cchar5 param3  ctypes.cchar21 pointerParam  ctypes.ccharp  lib.eftTrxparam1,param2,param3,pointerParam codepre  pBut I am getting codeoutput parameter is NULLcode error for codepointerParamcode. How should I define codeOUT char pointerParamcode in Python correctlyp
Negative 802 pI have a container which requires syskernelmmtransparenthugepageenabled set to never. The host has this set to a different value, which I cannot change due to other applications running on the host. Is it impossible run a container with different transparenthugepage values from the host Both the host and the container are using CentOS 6.6.p
Negative 802 pHi want to extract String between HTML Tags from a source code but I am getting an error by using the code given below. Could someone help me with the reason for errorp  precodePattern pattern  Pattern.compileltbody[gt]gt[]ltbody Matcher matcher  pattern.matchers1 while matcher.find    System.out.println Found value   matcher.group1.trim   codepre  pThe error I am getting is Invalid escape sequence p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pAs per the below question picked from self training a hrefhttpwwwinst.eecs.berkeley.educs61afa12hwhw3.html relnofollowexerciseap  blockquote   pIn passing, Ben also cryptically comments, By testing the signs of the endpoints of the intervals, it is possible to break mulinterval into nine cases, only one of which requires more than two multiplications. Write a fast multiplication function using Bens suggestionp blockquote  precodedef mulintervalfastx, y     Return the interval that contains the product of any value in x and any     value in y, using as few multiplications as possible.      gtgtgt strintervalmulintervalfastinterval1, 2, interval4, 8     8 to 16     gtgtgt strintervalmulintervalfastinterval2, 1, interval4, 8     16 to 4     gtgtgt strintervalmulintervalfastinterval1, 3, interval4, 8     12 to 24     gtgtgt strintervalmulintervalfastinterval1, 2, interval8, 4     16 to 8           YOUR CODE HERE  codepre  pI could analyse that, below is the pattern of resultsp  precode1, 35, 7  gt [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]              gt   5, 21 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]         gt   5, 21  1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]        gt   21, 15 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]       gt   21, 15 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]       gt   21, 15 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]      gt   21, 15  1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]        gt   15, 21 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]       gt   15, 21 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]       gt   15, 21 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]      gt   15, 21  1, 35, 7   gt [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]   gt   21, 5 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]   gt   21, 5  1, 35, 7   gt [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]        gt   7, 21 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]      gt   7, 21  1, 35, 7 gt   [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]      gt   21, 7 1, 35, 7  gt  [min5, 7, 15, 21, max5, 7, 15, 21]        gt   21, 7 codepre  pBut above pattern does not show those codenine casescode.p  pSo, In specific, I would like to understand this point codeBy testing the signs of the endpoints of the intervals, it is possible to break mulinterval into nine cases,codep  pPlease help me on this interval arithmeticp
Negative 802 pI have this code in Controller store function to validate values of input tagsp  precode c  countInputgetdivisionname      divsids   Inputgetdivisionname     gradename Inputgetgradename      this loop for multiple values that insert from tags input.     for i  0 i lt c  i     rules[i]  requiredmin5     msgs   arrayrequired gt Division name is required ,min gt the attribute must be at least 5 characters.                     validateDivision  Validatormakedivsids,rules,msgs      validateGrade  ValidatormakeInputall,Graderules,Grademsgs         if validateDivisiongtfails OR validateGradegtfails             validationMessages  arraymergerecursivevalidateGradegtmessagesgttoArray,                                                       validateDivisiongtmessagesgttoArray                            return    RedirectbackgtwithErrorsvalidationMessagesgtwithInput       else                   .............. codepre  pThe issue, that the validation message of min validationp  pshow    The 0 must be at least 5 characters. p  phow i can toggle 0 by the input name, or toggle 0 to start of 1 p
Negative 802 pLate binding, when referring to types, means that a type is unknown until runtime.p  pIs JavaScript a latebound languagep  pI presume it is because it has a small number of primitive types and everything else is an instance of Object, and the nature of a type is coerced at runtime.p  precodevar a  1, b  a, c  c  a  b  c is a string, but this is only determined at runtime codepre
Negative 802 phi i need to extract one number of a html code, the thing is that the position always changes so number changes i tried something like this but it wont workp  precodelt html  lttrgtlttd classoddrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.1submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtdsldevicelttdgtlttd classoddrow colspan4gt0.0.0.0lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classevenrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.3submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan2gtWindowsPhonelttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan4gt192.168.1.80lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classoddrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.4submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtiPhonelttdgtlttd classoddrow colspan4gt192.168.1.84lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classevenrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.5submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan2gtiPhonedNMI15787lttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan4gt192.168.1.65lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classoddrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.6submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtiPadlttdgtlttd classoddrow colspan4gt192.168.1.83lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classevenrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.7submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan2gtiPhonedeLenikalttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan4gt192.168.1.86lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classoddrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.8submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtandroid1f3dff628fd6e16alttdgtlttd classoddrow colspan4gt192.168.1.68lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classevenrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.9submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan2gtandroid54839867dc44b7cflttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan4gt192.168.1.72lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classoddrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.10submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtandroidf2e92226ea27ecclttdgtlttd classoddrow colspan4gt192.168.1.73lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classevenrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.11submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan2gtandroid48ef3fc44027c13alttdgtlttd classevenrow colspan4gt192.168.1.75lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttd classoddrow gtltimg classhand onclickdocument.dnsconfig.host.value  DNS.Server.Host.12submitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtwwwlttdgtlttd classoddrow colspan4gt192.168.1.78lttdgtlttrgt  pregmatchDNS.Server.Host.dsubmitFormRelfDNS srcimagesbulldr.gif altgtlttdgtlttd classoddrow  colspan2gtwww, html, match printr match gt codepre  pso as you can see i need to extract the number from the strongwwwstrong row so in this case is number strong12strong. sometimes it changes i hope you can help mep
Negative 802 pI have the following angular codep  precodeltbutton ngclickctrl.submitlightgtSwitchltbuttongt codepre  pand the button click is handled byp  precode   self.submit  functionlight          console.log         console.logclicked button , light         console.log          http.postARHomeAutomationrestlightstate, light.thenfunctionresponse              console.logheaders  , response.headers             console.logstatus , response.status             console.logconfig , response.config             console.logdata , response.data             self.state  response.data         , functionerrResponse            console.errorError while updating light state                  console.logUser clicked submit with , light.id          console.logresponse , self.light      codepre  pOn the server side I have the following method that should respond to the requestp  precode POST  Pathstate  ConsumesMediaType.APPLICATIONJSON  ProducesMediaType.TEXTHTML  public String setStateOfLightJSONObject aLight      ifaLight  null        return Its a null      else        System.out.printlncontent   aLight          JSONObject jsonObject  new JSONObject     Update the state of the light with the given id     forLight light lightCollection           .....          return getLightsStateAsJSON   codepre  pWhen I click my button I get the following messagep  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.como9FtS.png alt415 Unsupported MediaTypep  pAccording to firefox I do send JSON in my request. At least it says so when I examine the send data.p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comijFdZ.png altShowing JSON datap  pThis is my header request datap  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsMNnD.png altHeader contentp  pWhat am I missing herep
Negative 802 pIm trying to fill the dropdown with the value of startDate from multiple json objects, how do I do this without also getting endDate and price to show upp  pThis is my current situationp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com5EH7x.png altCurrent situationp  pThis is the code Im usingp  precodefunction getmonthsyear      selectedyear  year     date.style.visibility  hidden     month.style.visibility  visible      yearArray  dateType[year]     console.logyearArray      .eachyearArray, functionkey, value          month.appendltoption value  value  gt  key  ltoptiongt        function getdatesmonth      dateselected  false      ifcurrenttype  Weekend          date.style.visibility  visible         console.logcurrentcustomer, currenttype, selectedyear, month      else ifcurrenttype  Midweek          date.style.visibility  visible         console.logcurrentcustomer, currenttype, selectedyear, month      else ifcurrenttype  Week          date.style.visibility  visible         console.logcurrentcustomer, currenttype, selectedyear, month          monthArray  yearArray[month]     console.logmonthArray     alertmonthArray      .eachmonthArray, functionkey, value          startDate  value.startDate         console.logvalue.startDate         .eachvalue, functionkey2, value2               console.logkey2             console.logvalue2              date.appendltoption value  key2  gt  value2  ltoptiongt                codepre  pIf any other information is required, please ask Thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI am working in extjsjava application. I am fetching images from s3 amazon and displaying it in extjs window. Everything is working correctly in chrome,mozilla. But in case of IE browser,images are not getting loaded,instead its displaying small cross icon as image at left corner. This mostly happens with large size images generally of more than 1MB. I checked request header parameters,they are same as that in case of if images are loaded. S3 amazon is not sending any response ,though correct parameters are passed in case of IE. So is there in solution to display images correctly in case of IEp
Negative 802 pI am a beginner to javascript, html5, and jquery and am trying to use locale storage for the first time in an app that I am designing. However, once I added the getIncomeArray function to my code, the local storage would get deleted after I refreshed... a hrefhttpsjsfiddle.netjviro94wtpe2w relnofollowfiddleap  precodefunction getIncomeArray    get or create storage arrays   var incomeArray  localStorage.getItem[incomeArray]   console.logincomeArray   if incomeArray       incomeArray  []     localStorage.setItemincomeArray, JSON.stringifyincomeArray     code     console.logthere is no array so I made one      else     incomeArray  JSON.parseincomeArray     console.logthere is an array and I parsed it     return incomeArray  codepre
Negative 802 pI am doing some movement tracking from video data. Using some video processing i.e. translating to a topdown view I have obtained a movement path. I now need to translate the pixel coordinates of the path x,y to world coordinates lat, long.p  pI have four reference points in the image and their associated latitude and longitude points. Lat  long  pixel coordinatesp  precode51.606733, 3.986813 gt 246, 399 51.607357, 3.987126 gt 407, 781 51.607337, 3.987266 gt 838, 781 51.606671, 3.987175 gt 1247, 402 codepre  pHow I can transform the pixel coordinates to world coordinates using these reference pointsp
Negative 802 pIm trying to communicate between a web browser client and an ASP.NET server using WebSockets.p  pI make a set of requests, of different sizes and with some seconds of elapsed time between each of them. The three first ones pass correctly, but a precise one, with nothing in particular from the other, close the WebSocket connection, throw an exception on server side.p  pThe error message and stack trace of this exception look like this p  blockquote   pFATAL ERROR Cannot access a disposed object.br   Object name System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocket.br     at System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocket.ThrowIfDisposedbr     at System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocket.SendAsyncImplArraySegment 1   buffer, WebSocketMessageType messageType, Boolean endOfMessage, CancellationToken cancellationToken, Boolean performValidationbr     at System.Web.WebSockets.AspNetWebSocket.SendAsyncArraySegment 1 buffer, WebSocketMessageType messageType, Boolean endOfMessage, CancellationToken cancellationTokenbr     at [my code path here...]p blockquote  pIt may be a threading problem, because Im using codeasynccode methods everywhere from functions that communicate with websockets.p  pI know the exception is throwed from this code at codesocket.SendAsynccodep  precodepublic class SocketTranslater       private WebSocket socket     private JavaScriptSerializer serializer       [...]      private ArraySegmentltbytegt EncodeObject data              string json  serializer.Serializedata         return new ArraySegmentltbytegtEncoding.UTF8.GetBytesjson            public async Task SendObject packet              ArraySegmentltbytegt encoded  this.Encodepacket          await socket.SendAsyncencoded, WebSocketMessageType.Text, true, CancellationToken.None       codepre  pThe socket is created from another class p  precodepublic class EventSender  IHttpHandler      private static ListltSocketTranslatergt socketTranslaters  new ListltSocketTranslatergt      public void ProcessRequestHttpContext context              this.id  context.Request.UserHostName    context.Request.UserAgent         if context.IsWebSocketRequest                      context.AcceptWebSocketRequestProcessSocket                            private async Task ManageSocketAspNetWebSocketContext context              WebSocket socket  context.WebSocket         SocketTranslater translater  new SocketTranslatersocket         translaters.addtranslater          while true                       Manage messages, using the other class to send responses.             translater.Send Any struct here                codepre  pUnhopefully, my project is too big to put all the code here.p  pAny idea of error source, or additional information that you would require p  pstrongUPDATEstrongp  pAfter some more tests, I dont have this exception from time to time. I always do the same thing, but the server seems to have a random comportment.p  pThat makes my problem even weirder...p
Negative 802 pI am currently using codertrimcode to remove trailing newlines from strings. Is there a more efficient way to run the following commandsp  precodea  rtrima b  rtrimb ... z  rtrimz codepre  pNote, codeacode .. codezcode are just placeholders, theyre not the real variable namesp  pThese variables are being created through the following functionp  precodeforeach xmlgtxpathhardware as hwprofile          machine . hwprofilegtmachine . n         count . hwprofilegtProcessorInfogtcount . n         speed . hwprofilegtProcessorInfogtspeed . n         type . hwprofilegtProcessorInfogttype . n         arch . hwprofilegtProcessorInfogtarchitecture . n  codepre  pI want to trim those variables because they all have trailing newlinesp
Negative 802 pOn the command line, im getting ap  precode[PDOException] SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No such file or directory codepre  pafter accidentally deleting composer.lock file. This happens after composer updates or when I run php artisan commands. p  pThe site still works fine and it is reading data from the database. Tried deleting vendor folder and composer.lock file then running composer installupdate, composer dumpautoload, restarted homestead and everything else I can think of, but still cant get rid of this error. p  pThanks.p  pEDIT. Note, If I ssh into my Homestead vagrant box, the PHP artisan command works without errors. p
Negative 802 pI am trying to write a simple program using RxJava to generate an infinite sequence of natural numbers. So, far I have found two ways to generate sequence of numbers using strongObservable.timerstrong and strongObservable.intervalstrong. I am not sure if these functions are the right way to approach this problem. I was expecting a simple function like one we have in Java 8 to generate infinite natural numbers. p  blockquote   pIntStream.iterate1, value  value 1.forEachSystem.outprintlnp blockquote  pI tried using IntStream with Observable but that does not work correctly. It sends infinite stream of numbers only to first subscriber. How can I correctly generate infinite natural number sequencep  precodeimport rx.Observable import rx.functions.Action1  import java.util.stream.IntStream  public class NaturalNumbers       public static void mainString[] args          ObservableltIntegergt naturalNumbers  Observable.ltIntegergtcreatesubscriber gt              IntStream stream  IntStream.iterate1, val gt val  1             stream.forEachnaturalNumber gt subscriber.onNextnaturalNumber                   Action1ltIntegergt first  naturalNumber gt System.out.printlnFirst got   naturalNumber         Action1ltIntegergt second  naturalNumber gt System.out.printlnSecond got   naturalNumber         Action1ltIntegergt third  naturalNumber gt System.out.printlnThird got   naturalNumber         naturalNumbers.subscribefirst         naturalNumbers.subscribesecond         naturalNumbers.subscribethird        codepre
Negative 802 pI have a SQL table structure likep  precodeID UID  Name   PId  Date 1   2   Admin   1   20150425 211040.060 3   28  Admin   1   20150425 211053.873 4   3   Viewer  1   20150425 224912.497 5   7   Admin   1   20150425 224934.670 6   28  Admin   2   20150504 104117.000  IDgt autoincrement, UIDgtUserId, PIDgt projectId codepre  pHere a user can be assigned to one or multiple projects. So, I have user 28 assigned to two projects PID1 and 2.p  pI want all the unassigned users to project 2. i.e my result should contain UID 2, 3 and 7. And for project 1 it would be none.p  pAny help would be appreciated.p  pstrongEDITstrongp  pThis is what I triedp  precodeselect UId  from A  group where PId2 by uId having COUNTlt2  codepre  pand the data I am getting isp  precode   UID  PID     2   1     3   1     7   1     28  1 codepre  pThe last record UID28 is unwanted rowp
Negative 802 pI followed the following steps and succesfully compiled using the make command in 3rd step. But am unable locate perf as mentioned in step 4.p  pSteps 1 codeexport NDKTOOLCHAINNDKtoolchainsarmlinuxandroideabi4.6prebuiltlinuxx86binarmlinuxandroideabicodep  p2 codeexport NDKSYSROOTNDKplatformsandroid9archarmcodep  p3 codemake ARCHarm CROSSCOMPILENDKTOOLCHAIN CFLAGSsysrootNDKSYSROOTcodep  p4 codeadb push perf dataperfcodep  blockquote   pError   cannot stat perf No such file or directoryp blockquote  pHow to locate perf after cross compiling it.p
Negative 802 pI am running owncloud v6 and I clicked on upgrade button in web interface. Upgrade process started and then it want to upgrade PHP to version 5.4. I dont have root access to server so I moved all data to another server with PHP 5.4. Now I get a welcome screen with message ownCloud will be updated to version 8.0.2.. When I click on upgrade button I get message Updates between multiple major versions are unsupported.. I dont have ssh access so I cant run manual upgrade. Any ideas how to upgradep
Negative 802 pI have an TrayIcon which occasionally displays popupballoon messages via a hrefhttpsdocs.oracle.comjavase8docsapijavaawtTrayIcon.htmldisplayMessagejava.lang.Stringjava.lang.Stringjava.awt.TrayIcon.MessageType relnofollowdisplayMessagea. The TrayIcon itself has an ActionListener which works fine. As per the docs, on at least some platforms eg Win 8, a click on the message bubble itself fires the icons listener event. br So far so good, but I would like to implement separate behaviour for p  ol liThe user clicking the icon itself in the system tray  li liThe user clicking the message bubble in this case, do nothingli ol  pIs there an elegant way of doing thisbr I thought there might be a property of the ActionEvent passed to ActionListener.actionPerformed which could distinguish between the two sources of a click, but cant find one.p  pAny ideas The app will only run on Windows, if that  helps.p
Negative 802 pThe Control is going to failure function when Im trying to invoke Http Adapter.Here My adapter is running fine and Im getting data also.p  pHere is My html code p  precodelthtmlgt ltheadgt ltmeta charsetUTF8gt lttitlegtIIBWLApplttitlegt ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth, initialscale1.0,maximumscale1.0, minimumscale1.0, userscalable0gt ltlink relshortcut icon hrefimagesfavicon.pnggt ltlink relappletouchicon hrefimagesappletouchicon.pnggt ltlink relstylesheet hrefcssIIBWLApp.cssgt ltscriptgtwindow.  window.jQuery  WLJQltscriptgt ltheadgt ltbody idcontent styledisplay nonegt ltform namef1gt Enter Employee ID ltinput typetext idEmpIdgt ltbrgt ltinput typesubmit valueGetDetails onclickGetDetailsgt ltformgt ltapplication UI goes heregt ltscript srcjsinitOptions.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsIIBWLApp.jsgtltscriptgt ltscript srcjsmessages.jsgtltscriptgt ltbodygt lthtmlgt codepre  pHere is My .js code For getting details p  precodefunction GetDetails alertFunction Called var idf1.EmpId.value var iddocument.getElementByIdEmpId.value alertid var invocationData       adapter  IIBWLAdapter,     procedure  getData,     parameters  [id]  var options         onSuccess  getDataSuccess,         onFailure  getDataFailure,   WL.Client.invokeProcedureinvocationData,options   function getDataSuccessresult  WL.Logger.debugRetrieve success   JSON.stringifyresult  alertSuccess var httpStatusCode  result.status alerthttpStatusCode   function getDataFailureresult  WL.Logger.debugRetrieve success   JSON.stringifyresult alertFailure    var httpStatusCode  result.status    alerthttpStatusCode      codepre  pAnd I want to display that data in a list view p  pHere is MY adapter.xmlp  precodeltxml version1.0 encodingUTF8gt lt Licensed Materials  Property of IBM 5725G92 C Copyright IBM Corp.  2011, 2013. All Rights Reserved. US Government Users Restricted Rights   Use, duplication or disclosure restricted by GSA ADP Schedule Contract with  IBM Corp. gt ltwladapter nameIIBWLAdapter xmlnsxsihttpwww.w3.org2001XMLSchemainstance xmlnswlhttpwww.worklight.comintegration xmlnshttphttpwww.worklight.comintegrationhttpgt  ltdisplayNamegtIIBWLAdapterltdisplayNamegt ltdescriptiongtIIBWLAdapterltdescriptiongt ltconnectivitygt     ltconnectionPolicy xsitypehttpHTTPConnectionPolicyTypegt         ltprotocolgthttpltprotocolgt         ltdomaingt172.17.14.228ltdomaingt         ltportgt7080ltportgt         lt Following properties used by adapters key manager for choosing specific              certificate from key store ltsslCertificateAliasgt       ltsslCertificateAliasgt ltsslCertificatePasswordgtltsslCertificatePasswordgt gt     ltconnectionPolicygt     ltloadConstraints maxConcurrentConnectionsPerNode2 gt ltconnectivitygt  ltprocedure namegetData gt codepre  pp  pHere is My adpaterimpl.jsp  precodefunction getDatainterest  path  getPathinterest  var input       method  get,       path  DBRetrive,     returnedContentType  xml,     parameters  id  interest      return WL.Server.invokeHttpinput codepre  pp
Negative 802 pSo I am currently using the codep  precodemystring  sampamp38g    codepre  pTo find and replace all ampersands codeampcode in my string variable, and replace them with the XML entity reference for ampersands codeamp38code. The problem is, I want to only replace ampersands that are NOT already part of an XML entity reference.p  pFor example, say I did a find and replace before that to make all codegtcode to be codeamp62code.p  pThat has an ampersand, but I dont want the first bit of code to replace that, since it is followed by code62code. p  pIt may not be enough to exclude codeampcode, as there is a slight chance that may be legitimately in the data. So can I in regex exclude where the ampersand is followed by codecode p  pAlternatively, the specific three examples I want to exclude are codeamp44code comma, codeamp62code codegtcode, and codeamp60code codeltcode. Those are the only other find and replaces I will be doing, so if there is a way to exclude those specifically, that would work too.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have a GUI with about 26 different labels, but would like to be able to execute the same code for all of them when clicked, so I figured I would use a MouseListener and mouseClicked method to execute the code. The problem Im having is that when I click on any of the labels, I get this errorp  precodeException in thread AWTEventQueue0 java.lang.ClassCastException javax.swing.JRootPane cannot be cast to javax.swing.JLabel at dealornodeal.ui.DealOrNoDealUI.mouseClickedDealOrNoDealUI.java628 at java.awt.Component.processMouseEventComponent.java6528 at javax.swing.JComponent.processMouseEventJComponent.java3322 at java.awt.Component.processEventComponent.java6290 at java.awt.Container.processEventContainer.java2234 at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventImplComponent.java4881 at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplContainer.java2292 at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventComponent.java4703 at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.retargetMouseEventContainer.java4898 at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.processMouseEventContainer.java4542 at java.awt.LightweightDispatcher.dispatchEventContainer.java4462 at java.awt.Container.dispatchEventImplContainer.java2278 at java.awt.Window.dispatchEventImplWindow.java2739 at java.awt.Component.dispatchEventComponent.java4703 at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventImplEventQueue.java751 at java.awt.EventQueue.access500EventQueue.java97 at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java702 at java.awt.EventQueue3.runEventQueue.java696 at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java75 at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java86 at java.awt.EventQueue4.runEventQueue.java724 at java.awt.EventQueue4.runEventQueue.java722 at java.security.AccessController.doPrivilegedNative Method at java.security.ProtectionDomain1.doIntersectionPrivilegeProtectionDomain.java75 at java.awt.EventQueue.dispatchEventEventQueue.java721 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpOneEventForFiltersEventDispatchThread.java201 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForFilterEventDispatchThread.java116 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsForHierarchyEventDispatchThread.java105 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java101 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.pumpEventsEventDispatchThread.java93 at java.awt.EventDispatchThread.runEventDispatchThread.java82 codepre  pI can see that the mouseClicked method is returning a JRootPane component instead of a JLabel component, and a JRootPane apparently cant be cast to a JLabel. My question is, how to I get the JLabel component when using the mouseClicked method, instead of a JRootPanep  pHere is my code where Im adding a MouseListener to all the JLabels and then trying to execute code on mouseClickedp  precodepublic DealOrNoDealUI      initComponents     this.setLocationRelativeTonull     this.components  this.getComponents      forComponent component  this.components         component.addMouseListenerthis        public void mouseClickedMouseEvent e      Component clickedComponent  e.getComponent     JLabel clickedLabel  JLabel clickedComponent      ifthis.game.getPlayer.getPlayerCase  null         forCase gameCase  this.game.getCases             ifgameCase.getCaseNumber  Integer.parseIntclickedLabel.getText                 this.game.getPlayer.setPlayerCasegameCase                             codepre  pIm using a null layout for the GUI.p
Negative 802 pIm supposed to search for a given album from a binary tree and return it. Heres what I have so farp  precodepublic AlbumNode getAlbumAlbumNode root, String name      if root  null          ifroot.left  null getAlbumroot.left, name         ifroot.right  null getAlbumroot.right, name          ifroot.getName.equalsname return root      return null  codepre  pI know what the problem is I think, but Im stuck... After getting the names of all the nodes, it compares them to name, but it does this for all of them and returns the last one checkedwhich is always the root of the binary tree. How do I fix thisp
Negative 802 pOften after unzipping a file I end up with a directory containing nothing but another directory e.g., codemkdir foo cd foo tar xzf bar.tgzcode may produce nothing but a codebarcode directory in codefoocode. I wanted to write a script to collapse that down to a single directory, but if there are dot files in the nested directory it complicates things a bit.p  pHeres a naive implementationp  precodemv i 1 1. . rmdir 1 codepre  pThe only problem here is that itll also try to move code.code and code..code and ask codeoverwrite .. yn [n]code. I can get around this by checking each file in turnp  precodeIFSn for file in 1 1. do     if [ file  1. ] ampamp [ file  1.. ] then         mv i file .     fi done rmdir 1 codepre  pBut this seems like an inelegant workaround. I tried a cleaner method using codefindcodep  precodefor file in find 1 do     mv i file . done rmdir 1 codepre  pBut codefind 1code will also give code1code as a result, which gives an error of codemv bar and .bar are identicalcode.p  pWhile the second method seems to work, is there a better way to achieve thisp
Negative 802 pI have following method with generic types, but when I run maven checkstylemavencheckstyleplugin, 2.121 it  kept gives me codeExpected param tag for ltTgtcode error message during maven build. How do I get over with thisp  precode   Read in specified type of object from request body.   param request The HttpServletRequest   param expected The expected type T   return ltTgt specified type of object   public ltT extends Objectgt T getExpectedValue     final HttpServletRequest request, final ClassltTgt expected codepre  pI used following to turn generic param tag off, but it didnt work and I have above mentioned java doc as well.p  pre classlangxml prettyprintoverridecodeltmodule nameJavadocTypegt     ltproperty nameallowMissingParamTags valuetruegt ltmodulegt codepre
Negative 802 pSo I have a rails app running on apache2  passenger. Sometimes usually first request after the server goes into stand bysleep mode the server does not respond to a request. On checking the apache logs, I see that request got haltedp  precodeI, [20150514T083457.867684 29618]  INFO   Started POST v1reply for X.X.X.X at 20150514 083457 0000 codepre  pAfter the Started POST there are no log entries. What can be going wrong I am going mad over this issue.p  pUsing Ruby 2.2, Rails 4.0, Apache2, Passenger 4.0.50. I was previously using the latest version of passenger but then reverted to an old version to see if this fixes the issue. But no luck.p
Negative 802 pMy aim is to be able to upgrade with as much less downtime as possible. Im thinking of running two different tomcat instances, update one of them while other one is serving prod traffic. Verify the new deployment and route traffic to the new one if everything looks ok change httpd.conf to proxy pass to the site.p  pIs this correct I would like to know if there are better ways of achieving this. The service is hosted on a AWS machine and is currently under development. Soon, we will have more than one machine serving traffic.p
Negative 802 pLooking to implement a small BigBlueButton server but leadership is asking about whether any royaltiesfees need to be taken into consideration.  p  pIn particular, BigBlueButton recordings are in MP4 format so they are wondering whether any H.264 amp AAC encoding royalties are required  Any point in right direction is appreciated.p
Negative 802 pBefore accusing of duplicate, please, read the question.p  pIve a web application that starts multiple Threads, each Thread need to read various codeInputStreamscode, parsing them to codeStringscode to extract information. The stream is from a org.apache.http.HttpResponsep  precoderesponse.getEntity.getContent codepre  pIve implemented the following code that receives the InputStreamp  precode    int len, size  1024     byte[] buf      ByteArrayOutputStream bos  new ByteArrayOutputStream     buf  new byte[size]     while len  is.readbuf, 0, size  1         bos.writebuf, 0, len      return bos.toStringencode codepre  pFor some reason this method simply stops processing, and, obviously, dont finishes reading the stream. Consequently, the Thread never finishes and also blocks the other Threads to execute. On the other hand, the web application keeps alive accepting new requests new Threads. Moreover, this only happens when I run locally, but not on the Production server, where the application is running emluckem.p  pFor testing purposes I changed the methodp  precode     ...     System.out.printlnn     while true          len  is.readbuf, 0, size         System.out.printlen         if len  1             break         bos.writebuf, 0, len         System.out.print           System.out.printlnn      ... codepre  pWhich producedp  precode[...]   1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 1024 1024 1024 1024 305 1024 404 1024 404 1024 216 1024 404 1024 404 1024 216 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 131 1      1024 404 1024 404 1024 216 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 28 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 22 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404 1024 404  codepre  pwith an space in the end, what means that the method stopped at line codelen  is.readbuf, 0, sizecode. None exception was thrown I surrounded with a trycatch block, catching a codeThrowablecode.p  pThis behavior is random, what means that the same stream maybe not exactly the same, but from the same requested url may or may not cause the bug. Restarting the application and the Threads I could execute some that previously had failed, until the problem, sooner or later, occurred again.p  pReading other StackOverflows questions, someone pointed an codeBufferedInputStreamcode, so I changedp  precode    BufferedInputStream buffIs  new BufferedInputStreamis     ByteArrayOutputStream bos  new ByteArrayOutputStream     buf  new byte[size]     while true          len  buffIs.readbuf         if len  1             break         bos.writebuf, 0, len           return bos.toString codepre  pThis almost solved the problem, I could execute various Threads without trouble, but still the bug persisted.p  pI also read a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21584587whyinputstreamisstoppingmyapplicationWhy InputStream is stopping my applicationa and a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions804951isitpossibletoreadfromainputstreamwithatimeoutIs it possible to read from a InputStream with a timeouta. But the environment and the output were different and, as I need to extract information of the generated codeStringscode, setting a wrapping timeout function dont seems a good choice, because I wont have the entire content of the stream, and I may loose some good information.p  pAny idea of why this happens I am stuck on this and wasnt able to come up with a proper solution.p  p[edit]br Before all this, I was using codeIOUtils.toStringinputStream, ISO88591code, where the bug started and I tried to implement my own method.p  pbr Sorry for any misspelling, feel free to correct me.p
Negative 802 pFirst, my English is not very good. Do you know if there is a way to make grow vertically and specific record of a continuous form while keeping the rest of records from growing For example on reports if I set a textBox letGrow property to true, if the text inside that control occupies various lines the control grows, but just on that specific record. I would like similar behavior on forms normalView.p  pThankyoup
Negative 802 pI have only recently learned about the Events system in NHibernate.  The a hrefhttpnhibernate.infodocnhenindex.htmlevents relnofollowdocumentationa says that p  blockquote   pEssentially all of the methods of the ISession interface correlate to an eventp blockquote  pand yet I cannot find any event that fires when I load a List of objects with ISession.QueryOver.List.  I wouldve thought that this fairly common operation would have a nice event associated with it, but Ive tested  InitializeCollectionEvent, RefreshEvent, LoadEvent, and a couple others, and none of them fire when I call QueryOver, so what am I missingp  pIf theres really no event raised by QueryOver, then what operation raises the InitializeCollectionEvent  I just want to handle whenever a list of objects is loaded from the db, and I assume that this is the event Ill need.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI met a weird problem during write some Windows batch script the iterator value codeXcode got changed between codeechocode and codesetcode in the for loop. Here is the codep  precodeecho off  for x in  do      echo x     set path1x     echo path1    echo on codepre  pwhen invoke this scriptp  precodecgt test.bat aaa bbb codepre  pthe result is p  precodeaaa bbb bbb bbb codepre  pthe first codebbbcode is codepath1code. Could not understand why this value is different from codeXcodep  pCould anyone help Thanks. p
Negative 802 pI have a repeated set of API calls in an Angular controller.p  pThe relevant data is of course the API URI, POST or GET, some header data, and JSON objects.   The API call always returns a JSON object.p  pI started to use a Directive but that seems most relevant for data that is used with scope e. g. in the View.  This data runs under the radar and might eventually generate data used in the view but most usually not and most usually not in a way that can be abstracted.  p  pSo Does this mean I shouldnt use a directive  If I dont use a directive, would it be better to use a JS Object seems more modular or Function seems more variable friendly to handle this codep  pYes, I get that objects can contain functions, but functions can also contain callbacks so...looking for kind of a best practices here.  In terms of modularity and flexibility.p
Negative 802 pHere is what I am trying to do  If the user select the add new option, I would like to add an text box and take the user input and save it into my post. This part is working. The while loop gives other options that already exist in my database. If the user select them, I would save the selected result into my post. However, I just can not ever to get this to work. I tried different method for what would be under the if statement. I tried setting the id value which does not save. I tried to do what i did for else statement, but the javascript doesnt parse a variable inside quotes which means i can not pass the variable into the value. I am fairly new to this. Can anyone please help me. Thank you very much.p  precodeltlabel forbbpextrafield2gtYour Idealtlabelgtltbrgt ltformgt      ltselect idbbpextrafield2  onchangeaddtextboxgt         ltoption value newgtAdd Newltoptiongt         ltphp              while  bbpreplies   bbpthereply                  replyid     bbpgetreplyid                  ideas        getpostmeta replyid, bbpextrafield2, true                 echo ltoption valueideas selectedgt.ideas.ltoptiongt             endwhile gt     ltselectgt ltformgt ltdiv idnewideagtltdivgt ltscriptgt     var e  document.getElementByIdbbpextrafield2     var strUser  e.options[e.selectedIndex].value     function addtextbox           if strUser  new              return                       else              document.getElementByIdnewidea.innerHTML  ltinput typetext namebbpextrafield2gt                       ltscriptgt codepre  pThe following code works for options that already in my database and the result could be saved. However, does not allow me to add a new value. Thank you very much. p  precodeecho ltlabel forbbpextrafield2gtIdealtlabelgtltbrgt echo ltselect namebbpextrafield2 idfield2gt echo ltoption value newgtAdd Newltoptiongt while  bbpreplies   bbpthereply     replyid  bbpgetreplyid     ideas  getpostmeta replyid, bbpextrafield2, true     echo ltoption valueideas selectedgt.ideas.ltoptiongt endwhile echo ltselectgt codepre
Negative 802 pIn the past I could send JSON directly to my server using code like this for RestKitp  precodeNSDictionary params keyvalue          NSError error  nil         NSData serializedJSON  [RKMIMETypeSerialization dataFromObjectparams MIMETypeRKMIMETypeJSON erroramperror] codepre  pand putting this into a Request with mime type applicationjson.p  pNow I have to use applicationxwwwformurlencoded. Is this exactly the same process and do I only have to set the new mime typep
Negative 802 precodepublic class CustomObject1 extends ARObject       Camera cam       public CustomObject1String name, String patternName,             double markerWidth, double[] markerCenter              supername, patternName, markerWidth, markerCenter         float   matambientf[]      0f, 1.0f, 0f, 1.0f         float   matflashf[]        0f, 1.0f, 0f, 1.0f         float   matdiffusef[]        0f, 1.0f, 0f, 1.0f         float   matflashshinyf[]  50.0f          matambient  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffermatambientf         matflash  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffermatflashf         matflashshiny  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffermatflashshinyf         matdiffuse  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffermatdiffusef           public CustomObject1String name, String patternName,             double markerWidth, double[] markerCenter, float[] customColor          supername, patternName, markerWidth, markerCenter         float   matflashshinyf[]  50.0f          matambient  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffercustomColor         matflash  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffercustomColor         matflashshiny  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffermatflashshinyf         matdiffuse  GraphicsUtil.makeFloatBuffercustomColor         Log.dMyTag,within draw method           private SimpleBox box  new SimpleBox     private FloatBuffer matflash     private FloatBuffer matambient     private FloatBuffer matflashshiny     private FloatBuffer matdiffuse      Override     public final void drawGL10 gl              super.drawgl            Log.dMyTag,within draw method         System.out.printlnwithin draw method         gl.glMaterialfvGL10.GLFRONTANDBACK, GL10.GLSPECULAR,matflash         gl.glMaterialfvGL10.GLFRONTANDBACK, GL10.GLSHININESS, matflashshiny             gl.glMaterialfvGL10.GLFRONTANDBACK, GL10.GLDIFFUSE, matdiffuse           gl.glMaterialfvGL10.GLFRONTANDBACK, GL10.GLAMBIENT, matambient          gl.glColor4f0, 1.0f, 0, 1.0f         gl.glTranslatef 0.0f, 0.0f, 12.5f           box.drawgl         rendertoast         Log.dMyTag,within draw method         System.out.printlnwithin draw method           Override     public void initGL10 gl           Log.dMyTag,within gl10 method           Toast.makeTextnull, hello g3, Toast.LENGTHSHORT.show         System.out.printlnwithin gl10         codepre  pI am working on augmented reality. Here on codestartpreviewcode camera will open and detects marker successfully. But I am unable to call intent after detecting marker. So, please help me.p
Negative 802 pI have write a materialized view for full text search against codememberscodetablep  precodeCREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW membersearchindex AS SELECT member.memberid, member.firstname, member.lastname, ... totsvectorCOALESCEmember.lastname,  character varyingtext AS document FROM member GROUP BY member.memberid  CREATE INDEX idxmembersearch ON membersearchindex USING gindocument codepre  pI have created entity and mapped it like thisp  precodeEntity Tablename  MemberSearchIndex public class MemberSearch      Id     private long memberId     private String firstName     private String lastName ...  codepre  pAnd heres SQL call I am trying to makep  precodeQuery sqlQuery  entityManager.createNativeQuerySELECT  FROM membersearchindex WHERE document  totsquerydoe, MemberSearch.class codepre  pIn this example I have hard coded value that I am passing to query codedoecode and the query is returning me 0 elements it should return 1p  pSop  ol liAm I doing mapping correctlyli liHow to pass parameter to a native query like this I tried like this code.setParameter1, searchQuerycode but I got exception where code[1] couldnt be foundcode.li ol
Negative 802 pFor example, codeltselectgtcodes have an a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibrarywindowsappsxamlhh465742.aspx relnofollowcodemsexpandcode pseudoelementa in IE10. Other such codemscodeprefixed nonstandard pseudoelements are listed on a hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryhh86960428vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowthis MSDN pagea. As of writing this, they include codemsbrowsecode, codemscheckcode, codemsclearcode, codemsexpandcode, codemsfillcode, codemsfilllowercode, codemsfilluppercode, codemsrevealcode, codemsthumbcode, codemsticksaftercode, codemsticksbeforecode, codemstooltipcode, codemstrackcode, codemsvaluecode.p  pHow can I inspect the CSS styles getting applied to these pseudoelements in the F12 Developer Toolsp
Negative 802 pQuestion Write a query to find academics that are authors and that have only ever coauthored papers with authors from institutes in the same state as their own. List their academic number, title and last name.p  pIve been working on this question for some time and I havent been able to think of a proper query.p  pMy schema for the database tables I need to usep  precodeACADEMICACNUM, DEPTNUM, FAMNAME, TITLE DEPARTMENTDEPTNUM, STATE AUTHORPANUM, ACNUM codepre  pThere are multiple ACNUMs Account number for 1 PANUM Page number inside the Author table.p  pI tried planning it and all I could think of was something along the lines of thisp  pNeed to loop through Author table,p  precodeSELECT PANUM FROM AUTHOR A codepre  pThen need to find all authors of that paperp  precodeSELECT ACNUM FROM AUTHOR B WHERE PANUM  A.PANUM codepre  pThen need to intersect all statesp  precodeSELECT DEPTNUM, TITLE, FAMNAME, UPPERSTATE FROM ACADEMIC C, DEPARTMENT D WHERE C.ACNUM  B.ACNUM AND D.DEPTNUM  C.DEPTNUM codepre  pCould you guys give me some assistance on how I could do something like this I appreciate any help.p  pEDIT Some more informationp  pI havent actually figured out a desired result as theres hundreds of rows of data. Essentially, I have to query the database by Selecting page number from Author table, then finding all Account Numbers that the Author table has for that page number, then using all these account numbers I need to make sure they are all in the same state. E.g. Account 100 and 101 worked on page number 300 together and both are in state VIC, thus I would list the academics information famname, title and acnump
Negative 802 pI have node.js installed, and I want to install fam.us a hrefhttpfamous.orggetstarted.html relnofollowhttpfamous.orggetstarted.htmla p  pI tried this commandp  precodenpm install g famouscli codepre  pbut I get an error, does anyone know how to fix itp  precodeCUsersMeDesktopAppsMessengergtnpm install g famouscli CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmfamous gt CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmno demodulesfamousclibinfamous.js npm ERR WindowsNT 6.1.7601 npm ERR argv CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CProgram Filesnodejs nodemodulesnpmbinnpmcli.js install g famouscli npm ERR node v0.12.0 npm ERR npm  v2.5.1 npm ERR code ECONNRESET npm ERR errno ECONNRESET npm ERR syscall read  npm ERR network read ECONNRESET npm ERR network This is most likely not a problem with npm itself npm ERR network and is related to network connectivity. npm ERR network In most cases you are behind a proxy or have bad network settin gs. npm ERR network npm ERR network If you are behind a proxy, please make sure that the npm ERR network proxy config is set properly.  See npm help config npm ERR WindowsNT 6.1.7601 npm ERR argv CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CProgram Filesnodejs nodemodulesnpmbinnpmcli.js install g famouscli npm ERR node v0.12.0 npm ERR npm  v2.5.1 npm ERR code ECONNRESET npm ERR errno ECONNRESET npm ERR syscall read  npm ERR network read ECONNRESET npm ERR network This is most likely not a problem with npm itself npm ERR network and is related to network connectivity. npm ERR network In most cases you are behind a proxy or have bad network settin gs. npm ERR network npm ERR network If you are behind a proxy, please make sure that the npm ERR network proxy config is set properly.  See npm help config npm ERR WindowsNT 6.1.7601 npm ERR argv CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CProgram Filesnodejs nodemodulesnpmbinnpmcli.js install g famouscli npm ERR node v0.12.0 npm ERR npm  v2.5.1 npm ERR code ECONNRESET npm ERR errno ECONNRESET npm ERR syscall read  npm ERR network read ECONNRESET npm ERR network This is most likely not a problem with npm itself npm ERR network and is related to network connectivity. npm ERR network In most cases you are behind a proxy or have bad network settin gs. npm ERR network npm ERR network If you are behind a proxy, please make sure that the npm ERR network proxy config is set properly.  See npm help config npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesphonegapbuild requires colors0.6.x but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesstreamcounter requires readablestream1.1.8 but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesreadablestream, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 1.1.131 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulespromptnodemoduleswinston requires colors0.x.x but will load  npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 famouscli0.2.6 CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesfamouscli  btoa1.1.2  mime1.3.4  minimist1.1.0  async0.9.0  mixpanel0.2.1  isbinaryfile2.0.3  commander2.7.1 gracefulreadlink1.0.1  combinedstream1.0.3 delayedstream1.0.0  chalk1.0.0 escapestringregexp1.0.3, ansistyles2.0.1, supportscolor1 .3.1, hasansi1.0.3, stripansi2.0.1  mimetypes2.0.12 mimedb1.10.0  recursivereaddir1.2.1 minimatch0.3.0  latestversion1.0.0 packagejson1.1.0  fsextra0.18.4 jsonfile2.0.1, gracefulfs3.0.7, rimraf2.3.4  tar2.1.1 inherits2.0.1, blockstream0.0.8, fstream1.0.6  noderestclient1.4.4 xml2js0.4.8  inquirer0.8.2 figures1.3.5, ansiregex1.1.1, cliwidth1.0.1, through2. 3.7, readline20.1.1, lodash3.9.2, rx2.5.2 npm ERR WindowsNT 6.1.7601 npm ERR argv CProgram Filesnodejsnode.exe CProgram Filesnodejs nodemodulesnpmbinnpmcli.js install g famouscli npm ERR node v0.12.0 npm ERR npm  v2.5.1  npm ERR Callback called more than once. npm ERR npm ERR If you need help, you may report this error at npm ERR     lthttpgithub.comnpmnpmissuesgt  npm ERR Please include the following file with any support request npm ERR     CUsersMeDesktopAppsMessengernpmdebug.log  CUsersMeDesktopAppsMessengergtnpm install g famouscli CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmfamous gt CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmno demodulesfamousclibinfamous.js npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesphonegapbuild requires colors0.6.x but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesstreamcounter requires readablestream1.1.8 but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesreadablestream, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 1.1.131 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulespromptnodemoduleswinston requires colors0.x.x but will load  npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 famouscli0.2.6 CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesfamouscli  btoa1.1.2  mime1.3.4  async0.9.0  minimist1.1.0  mixpanel0.2.1  combinedstream1.0.3 delayedstream1.0.0  isbinaryfile2.0.3  commander2.7.1 gracefulreadlink1.0.1  mimetypes2.0.12 mimedb1.10.0  chalk1.0.0 escapestringregexp1.0.3, ansistyles2.0.1, supportscolor1 .3.1, stripansi2.0.1, hasansi1.0.3  recursivereaddir1.2.1 minimatch0.3.0  latestversion1.0.0 packagejson1.1.0  fsextra0.18.4 jsonfile2.0.1, gracefulfs3.0.7, rimraf2.3.4  tar2.1.1 inherits2.0.1, blockstream0.0.8, fstream1.0.6  noderestclient1.4.4 xml2js0.4.8  inquirer0.8.2 figures1.3.5, ansiregex1.1.1, cliwidth1.0.1, through2. 3.7, readline20.1.1, lodash3.9.2, rx2.5.2  CUsersMeDesktopAppsMessengergtnpm install g famouscli CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmfamous gt CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmno demodulesfamousclibinfamous.js npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesphonegapbuild requires colors0.6.x but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesstreamcounter requires readablestream1.1.8 but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesreadablestream, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 1.1.131 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulespromptnodemoduleswinston requires colors0.x.x but will load  npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 famouscli0.2.6 CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesfamouscli  btoa1.1.2  mime1.3.4  minimist1.1.0  async0.9.0  mixpanel0.2.1  isbinaryfile2.0.3  combinedstream1.0.3 delayedstream1.0.0  commander2.7.1 gracefulreadlink1.0.1  chalk1.0.0 escapestringregexp1.0.3, ansistyles2.0.1, supportscolor1 .3.1, stripansi2.0.1, hasansi1.0.3  mimetypes2.0.12 mimedb1.10.0  recursivereaddir1.2.1 minimatch0.3.0  latestversion1.0.0 packagejson1.1.0  fsextra0.18.4 jsonfile2.0.1, gracefulfs3.0.7, rimraf2.3.4  tar2.1.1 inherits2.0.1, blockstream0.0.8, fstream1.0.6  noderestclient1.4.4 xml2js0.4.8  inquirer0.8.2 figures1.3.5, ansiregex1.1.1, cliwidth1.0.1, through2. 3.7, readline20.1.1, lodash3.9.2, rx2.5.2  CUsersMeDesktopAppsMessengergtnpm install g famouscli CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmfamous gt CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmno demodulesfamousclibinfamous.js npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesphonegapbuild requires colors0.6.x but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesstreamcounter requires readablestream1.1.8 but will load npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulesconnectphonegapnodemodulesconnectnodemodulesmultipartynod emodulesreadablestream, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 1.1.131 npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulespromptnodemoduleswinston requires colors0.x.x but will load  npm WARN unmet dependency CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesphonega pnodemodulescolors, npm WARN unmet dependency which is version 0.6.01 famouscli0.2.6 CUsersMeAppDataRoamingnpmnodemodulesfamouscli  btoa1.1.2  mime1.3.4  minimist1.1.0  async0.9.0  mixpanel0.2.1  combinedstream1.0.3 delayedstream1.0.0  isbinaryfile2.0.3  mimetypes2.0.12 mimedb1.10.0  commander2.7.1 gracefulreadlink1.0.1  chalk1.0.0 escapestringregexp1.0.3, ansistyles2.0.1, supportscolor1 .3.1, stripansi2.0.1, hasansi1.0.3  recursivereaddir1.2.1 minimatch0.3.0  latestversion1.0.0 packagejson1.1.0  fsextra0.18.4 jsonfile2.0.1, gracefulfs3.0.7, rimraf2.3.4  tar2.1.1 inherits2.0.1, blockstream0.0.8, fstream1.0.6  noderestclient1.4.4 xml2js0.4.8  inquirer0.8.2 figures1.3.5, ansiregex1.1.1, cliwidth1.0.1, through2. 3.7, readline20.1.1, lodash3.9.2, rx2.5.2  CUsersMeDesktopAppsMessengergt codepre
Negative 802 pIm running a web application on a glassfish 4 server. The web application should not be accessible for all of connection.  I want to limit 100 connections. if the 101th connection comes, the web application will show serverbusy.jsp.p  pstrongMy questionstrong p  pstrongSolution 1strong  How to configure Glassfish to limit connections.p  pstrongSolution 2strong Can i use jsp Application Implicit object to count connectionp
Negative 802 pI have been having some issues when it comes to authoring HTML 5 Canvas in Flash CC, mostly as a result of the lack of information on writing JavaScript inside Flash.  p  pI have been converting an existing drag and drop .fla into HTML 5 with the hope of making it iOS and Android compatible. It is already functioning with mouse, but I have hit a brick wall on trying to add touch support.  p  pThe only way I have been able to even register the touch events is by listening to the entire window, which isnt very useful when I have multiple pieces that I want to move around.  p  pThis is what I have so far, all this code is located on the first frame of the main Scene Timeline, and the scene is composed of 5 pieces and 5 targets for those pieces, as well as a pop up task completed box and a reset button.  p  precodethis.stop MainStage  thisDeclare    Actual Drag and Dropping   Initialize var numPieces  5ltPlace number of pieces HERE var homePosX  [] var homePosY  [] var correctAns  0 var isClickableAry  [] var whoAmI  []Declared Globally so that I can identify which piece is being grabbed later  for var i  0 i lt numPieces i      var pieceName  p  i  1     var piece  this[pieceName]     This sets the starting position for each piece         homePosX[i1]  piece.xi1 is so that Piece names line up with Target names and MC names     homePosY[i1]  piece.y     whoAmI[i]  piece     isClickableAry[i]  1Makes it so each pieces is set as clickable    if piece      piece.name  pieceName     piece.onmousedown  touchstart, functionevt              evt.preventDefault Debug         console.logcheckPiecethis Rather than adding and removing event listeners, just check to see if piece is clickable     ifisClickableAry[checkPiecethis]  1          this.parent.addChildthis Bump to top         this.offset  xthis.x  evt.stageX, ythis.y  evt.stageY Debug         console.logpiece  PICKED UP, X   piece.x  , Y   piece.y   is Clickable          Set Home Coordinates Where it was picked up         homeX  this.x         homeY  this.y       piece.ontouchmove,functionevt           console.logtouch moved   touchobj          evt.preventDefault   piece.onpressmove, functionevt      ifisClickableAry[checkPiecethis]  1         this.x  evt.stageX  this.offset.x         this.y  evt.stageY  this.offset.y          Mouse Cursor change         document.body.style.cursormove       piece.onpressup  touchend  touchcancel, functionevt      var target  this.parent[tthis.name.substr1]     Reset Cursor     document.body.style.cursorauto      if target ampamp hitTestInRange target, 60 ampamp isClickableAry[checkPiecethis]  1          this.x  target.x         this.y  target.y         If it is correct add one         correctAns         Make that button Unclickable         isClickableAry[checkPiecethis]  0          ifcorrectAns gt numPieces              If they have answered correctly equal to the the number of pieces             MainStage.completemc.parent.addChildMainStage.completemcBump to top             MainStage.completemc.gotoAndStop1             reset answer counter and make drag pieces and buttons unclickable             correctAns  0 Debug                          console.logcorrectAns  CORRECT                    else             Return to home Coordinates Where it was on intialization             ifisClickableAry[checkPiecethis]  1                 this.x  homePosX[checkPiecethis1]                 this.y  homePosY[checkPiecethis1]                                piece.onmouseover, functionevt              ifisClickableAry[checkPiecethis]  1             Makes cursor a pointer finger             document.body.style.cursorpointer                    piece.onmouseout,functionevt              sets cursor back to normal         document.body.style.cursorauto         function hitTestInRange target, range   if target.x gt stage.mouseX  range ampamp target.x lt stage.mouseX  range ampamp target.y gt stage.mouseY  range ampamp target.y lt stage.mouseY  range   return true  return false  Check which piece it is function checkPiececheckName  for var i  0 i lt numPieces i      if checkName  whoAmI[i]     return i          Reset Functionality  this.completemc.resetbtn.addEventListenerclick, resetPos.bindthis  function resetPos for var i  0 i lt numPieces i              var pieceName  p  i  1         var piece  this[pieceName]         correctAns  0         Makes Pieces Grabable again         isClickableAry[i]  1                   This returns each piece to their Original Starting Positions                   piece.x  homePosX[i1]         piece.y  homePosY[i1]        Controlling the Pop Up Window, window pops up when user answers everything correctly  this.completemc.exitCompletebtn.addEventListenerclick, closePopUp.bindthis this.completemc.exitCompletebtnalt. addEventListenerclick, closePopUp.bindthis  function closePopUp MainStage.completemc.gotoAndStop0  codepre  pIn my own troubleshooting with other problems that have come up generally the issue has to do with scope of either functions or variables, since when flash exports the files it generates its own .js file and turns all of your movie clips into code and separates the code that you have written by whichever frame you wrote it on.br Any help at all would be appreciated.p  pEDIT After a bit more research I think the problem might have something to do with touch events only being able to target separate elements So it isnt able to grab objects inside the canvas element just the canvas element itselfp
Negative 802 pIm writing my first app for iOS. In it conceived some protection from repetitive actions of the same user device few, if apple account. Login loginpassword at the application level as such does not exist, therefore it was necessary to implement a hidden identification. Convenient would it be to generate a random number that would be stored somewhere in the user, and remained unchanged even when reinstalling the app.p  pStarted to read it. Learned about SSKeyChain. But just do not have enough experience to understand your logic... Please explain in accessible languagep  pstrongMy assumptionsstrong please correct if Im wrongp  p1 strongeachstrong user strongsinglestrong Apple account that is attached strongall appsstrong to strongonestrong of the device, and thus the storage on the device. Or is the cloud for strongone account and multiple devicesstrong for this account which is called keychainp  p2 has a free Access to the library SSKeyChain via the security framework, which I for strongyour applicationstrong can write strongany datastrong with their keys the password to the app, login, color scheme... so if you reinstall the app, it could check are there any settings in KeyChain for me and take data from there. Similar to NSUserDefaultsSharedPreferences iosandroid, not receding after reinstalling the app.p  p3 the Possibility of losing data from KeyChain the user device is only strongshiftstrong Apple account any action by Apple.p  pSo p
Negative 802 pI have a Pig UDF that converts Ebcidic characters to ASCII in my pipe separated data file. I have hundreds of columns and I want my UDF to be applied on 70th column. How can I apply the UDF on that particular column and get the column data replaced as ASCII in the dataset.p  precodeREGISTER pigudf0.0.1.jar DEFINE Ebc2Asc com.z.pig.udf.Ebc2Asc  A  LOAD userT4cobDump.txt USING PigStorage B  FOREACH A GENERATE Ebc2Asc71 as txtchararray DUMP B codepre  pIf we call the script like above I am getting only the converted column as part of the result. How can I get all the columns along with the applied udf column.p  pAny help appreciated. p
Negative 802 pMy Application main page contains a listview and the each item is a container having height 80  of the screen and it contains many buttons and image views. When I scroll the list view and click on the icons its not accepting the click for the first time. How Can I get an ios like click responsep  pthis is the code in getView of my adapterp  precode pollChoice1.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                               else                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption1Countmessage.getOption1Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                   message.setAnswer  0                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                         PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute                                  pollChoice2.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                               else                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 message.setAnswer  1                 if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption2Countmessage.getOption2Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                        PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute                                  pollChoice3.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                               else                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 message.setAnswer  2                 if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption3Countmessage.getOption3Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                        PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute                                  pollChoice4.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                               else                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 message.setAnswer  3                 if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption4Countmessage.getOption4Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                        PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute                                   pollChoice5.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                               else                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 message.setAnswer  4                 if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption5Countmessage.getOption5Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                        PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute                                  starWhite1.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 message.setAnswer  1                 if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption1Countmessage.getOption1Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                        PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute               else                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                                                   starWhite2.setOnClickListenernew OnClickListener          Override         public void onClickView v              if message.getAnswered                  message.setAnsweredtrue                 message.setAnswer  2                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount gt 0  message.getScope.equalsdomain                      message.setOption2Countmessage.getOption2Count  1                     message.setResponseCountmessage.getResponseCount  1                                  activity.runOnUiThreadnew Runnable                       Override                     public void run                          UpdateMessageTask updateMessageTask  new UpdateMessageTaskmessage                         updateMessageTask.execute                                                        PollReply pollReply  new PollReplymessage                 pollReply.execute               else                  if message.getScope.equalsprivate ampamp message.getResponseCount lt 1 ampamp message.getVisibility.equalspublic                      showAlertNot enough people have responded to display answers                  else                      showAlertYou have already answered this poll                                              codepre  pThis is the ListView i use p  precode ltListView     androididandroididlist     androidlayoutwidthfillparent     androidlayoutheight0dp     androidlayoutweight1     androiddividerandroidcolortransparent     androidscrollbarSize3dp     androidscrollbarStyleoutsideOverlay     androidscrollingCachetrue     androidfocusablefalse     androidfocusableInTouchModefalsegt codepre
Negative 802 pI have a specific width column which has a long text which is partly hidden due to values in the adjacent columns. I was hoping that the user might be able to read the entire text from the formula bar once clicked on the cell. But since I am referencing the text from a PivotTable the formula bar shows the cell reference and not the text. The text is dynamic and hence the referencing is important for me.p  pIs there a way I could display the text in formula bar instead of the cell referencep
Negative 802 pIm create UICollectionView programmatically to uiview i use single view. like thisp  precodeUICollectionViewFlowLayout CATLayout[[UICollectionViewFlowLayout alloc]init] CATLayout.minimumInteritemSpacing  2.0f CATLayout.minimumLineSpacing  2.0f CATLayout.scrollDirection  UICollectionViewScrollDirectionVertical CATLayout.sectionInset  UIEdgeInsetsMake1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f  self.ColStickersListView[[UICollectionView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMake0, 0, StickersListView.frame.size.width, StickersListView.frame.size.height collectionViewLayoutCATLayout] self.ColStickersListView.delegateself self.ColStickersListView.dataSourceself self.ColStickersListView.tag2 [self.ColStickersListView registerClass[UICollectionViewCell class] forCellWithReuseIdentifierCollStickersList] [self.ColStickersListView setBackgroundColor[UIColor clearColor]] [StickersListView addSubviewColStickersListView] codepre  pandp  precodeUICollectionViewCell cell  [ColStickersListView dequeueReusableCellWithReuseIdentifierCollStickersList forIndexPathindexPath]         for background selected     NSString imageNameanObject     NSString filename[NSString stringWithFormatStickersList,[appDel DocsPath],imageName]      NSLog,filename       cell.backgroundColor[UIColor clearColor]     UIImage image[UIImage imageNamedfilename]        UIImageView photoView[[UIImageView alloc]initWithFrameCGRectMakeStickersListPadding,StickersListPadding,StickersListThumbSizeStickersListPadding2,StickersListThumbSizeStickersListPadding2]      photoView.imageimage     photoView.contentModeUIViewContentModeScaleAspectFit     photoView.userInteractionEnabled  YES      [cell.contentView addSubviewphotoView]        return cell codepre  pits work perfect for display image to cell. p  pProblem p  pif scroll page to bottom and scroll return to top again that image in cell its overlap.p  pHow to fix it. Programmatically only with single viewp
Negative 802 pMy app works fine on browser but doesnt render the google map on emulator. This app is based on an exisiting app that already has a google map working fine on emulator and device I think because navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition its not triggering. I edited AndroidManifest.xml with    but I still with this problem. This is my controllerp  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecode.controllerMapsCtrl, functionscope, Service, ionicLoading, ionicPopup, compile      ionicLoading.show     Service.getSedi.thenfunctionresult         var sede  result.data[0]         navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPositionfunctionpos             var myPosition  new google.maps.LatLngpos.coords.latitude,pos.coords.longitude             var map  new GMaps                 div maps,                 lat pos.coords.latitude,                 lng pos.coords.longitude                          map.addMarker                 lat sede.indirizzo.lat,                 lng sede.indirizzo.lng,                 title sede.titolo,                 infoWindow                      content lth3gt  sede.titolo lth3gtltp stylecolorblackgt  sede.indirizzo.address ltpgt                                           reverse geocoding from coordinates get human readable address             var geocoder  new google.maps.Geocoder             var opt                   lat  pos.coords.latitude,                 lng  pos.coords.longitude,                 callback  functionresults, status                      if status  google.maps.GeocoderStatus.OK                          console.logresults[1].formattedaddress     myPosition                         map.addMarker                             position myPosition,                             infoWindow                                 content lth3gtEstas aqulth3gtltp stylecolorblackgt  results[1].formattedaddress  ltpgt                                                                                                                      GMaps.geocodeopt             end reverse geocoding             map.drawRoute                 origin [pos.coords.latitude,pos.coords.longitude],                 destination[sede.indirizzo.lat,sede.indirizzo.lng],                 travelMode driving,                 strokeColor 131540,                 strokeOpacity 0.6,                 strokeWeight 6                           search places             var arrayId  []             map.addLayerplaces,                  location  new google.maps.LatLngpos.coords.latitude,pos.coords.longitude,                 radius  600,                 types  [cafe, bar, food],                 search function results, status                      if status  google.maps.places.PlacesServiceStatus.OK                          for var i  0 i lt results.length i                              var place  results[i]                             here I can use place.placeid                             arrayId.pushplace.placeid                             map.addMarker                                 lat place.geometry.location.lat,                                 lng place.geometry.location.lng,                                 title  place.name,                                 infoWindow                                       content  lth3gtplace.namelth3gtltp stylecolorblackgtplace.vicinity  place.vicinity  place.formattedaddressltpgtltimg srcplace.icon height20pxgt                                                                                                                                                       map.zoomOut5             Creo el div y los botones             var node  document.createElementdiv             var text  document.createTextNodeACA VAN LOS BOTONES             node.appendChildtext             node.setAttributeid, mapBottom             document.getElementByIdmaps.appendChildnode         ,functionerror            ionicPopup.alert                title Error,                template code      error.code     n  message   error.message  n                              ionicLoading.hide     ,function         ionicLoading.hide         ionicPopup.alert             title  Error,             template  Server ErrorltbrgtRestart Application               codepre div div p  pAny ideas Thanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI am trying to Math.floor a scientific notation, but at one point the number gets too big and my current method doesnt work anymore. This is what I am using atmp  precodevar nr  number.length  4 if nr gt 1       nr  Math.pow 10, nr      number Math.floornumbernrnr     number number.toExponential3  codepre  pWhen it becomes a scientific notation by default, I think thats e20, than my .length method doesnt work anymore since the length it returns isnt accurate. I can think of a work around, and thats to find out the number after e, and update my nr to Math.floor it properly, but it seems like so much work to do something so simple. Heres an example number code8.420960987929105e79code I want to turn this into code8.420e79code, is there a way I can Math.floor the third decimal point always, no matter what the number is As it stands when I use toExponential3 it always rounds the number. My numbers can get as high as e200 easily, so I need an easier way of doing what Im currently doing.p  pEdit managed to find a work around that works besides Connor Peets answer for anyone who wants extra optionsp  precodevar nr  8.420960987929105e79 var nr1  nr.substr0,4 var nr2  nr.substr4, nr.length var finalNr  Numbernr1  0  nr2.toExponential3 codepre  pThis way is more of a hack, it adds a 0 after the 4th number so when toExponential rounds it up, it gets floored pretty much.p
Negative 802 pI have a .aspx page in which I have a AspButton, clicking on which user browserOpera tab will be closed. After googling alot a found a solution to acheive this from code behind. for Opera  p  precodeltaspButton IDBTN runatserver Textclose the window onclickBTNClickgt codepre  pI have put this code in Page.Load event.p  precodeBTN.Attributes.Addonclick, window.close codepre  pThis is What it renders in HTMLp  precodeltinput typesubmit nameBTN valueclose the window onclickwindow.close idBTNgt codepre  pIt is working fine as expected, user clicks the button and window is closed. Please note down browser is Opera.p  pNow look at the same code, the only difference is the button is inheriting Master Page and Content Panel Properties, so in this case it is rendered like thisp  precodeltinput typesubmit namectl00MainContentPlaceHolderBTN valueclose the window by clicking me onclickwindow.close idctl00MainContentPlaceHolderBTN clientidmodestaticgt codepre  pNow user clicks on this but unexpectedly it just refreshes the browser window and doesnt close the window. I have put these rendered codes here because i firmly beleive it is the ID which is the culprit. If it is so Can you please suggest me how to achieve this from code behindp
Negative 802 pA simple program is  I would like to get the thread ID of both of the threads using this gettid function. I do not want to do the sysCall directly. I want to use this function.p  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt include ltboostthreadthread.hppgt include ltboostdatetimedate.hppgt include ltunistd.hgt include ltsystypes.hgt using namespace boost using namespace std  boostthread threadobj boostthread threadobj1  void funcvoid      char x     cout ltlt enter y to interrupt ltlt endl     cin gtgt x      pidt tid  gettid     cout ltlt tid ltlt tid ltlt endl     if x  y          cout ltlt x  y ltlt endl             cout ltlt thread interrupt ltlt endl        void realmain      cout ltlt real main thread ltlt endl     pidt tid  gettid     cout ltlt tid ltlt tid ltlt endl      boostsystemtime const timeout  boostgetsystemtime  boostposixtimeseconds3     try          boostthisthreadsleeptimeout          catch boostthreadinterrupted amp          cout ltlt thread interrupted ltlt endl         int main      threadobj1  boostthreadampfunc     threadobj  boostthreadamprealmain     threadobj.join  codepre  pIt gives Error on compilation The use of gettid has been done according to the man pagep  precodeg stdc11 o Intrpt Interrupt.cpp lboostsystem lboostthread Interrupt.cpp In function void func Interrupt.cpp1725 error gettid was not declared in this scope       pidt tid  gettid codepre
Negative 802 pFor Google Apps Script for Google Docs, in the Sidebar.html file I use this codesimplified to remove irrelevant partsp  precodeltdiv classsidebar brandingbelowgt   ltformgt    ltdiv classblock idbuttonbargt       ltbutton idsomeaction classactiongtActionltbuttongt     ltdivgt   ltformgt ltdivgt  ltscriptgt    function      someaction.clickdoSomething           call the method below on button click     google.script.run.withSuccessHandlerloadPreferences         .withFailureHandlershowError.getPreferences  not sure what this does       document.keydownfunctione             only applies to button     output whatever key was pressed under the button     var div  ltdiv idclickmsg classtextgt  KeyPressed   e.which  ltdivgt     buttonbar.afterdiv     Detect CTRL  q keydown combo, which should be unused in windows and chrome     ife.ctrlKey ampamp e.keyCode  81       var div  ltdiv idclickmsg classtextgt  CtrlQ detected  ltdivgt       buttonbar.afterdiv       doSomething                           calls the method below            function doSomething      this.disabled  true     error.remove     google.script.run         [some code...] doStuff    ltscriptgt codepre  pThe doSomething only triggers when I have tabbed to the button. Thus, as long as the button is still under tabbed selection, then the keys that I am pressing are displayed below it. However, under any circumstance where I have not tabbed to the button, no matter what keys are pressed, this key press code does not output anything.p  pNote that I use document.keydown, but never defined document anywhere. However, somehow it automatically binds to the button in the sidebar. Why does this happen, instead of returning an error How do I make it detect keyboard shortcuts in all of the google doc, even if the user is just typing Is HTML even the right way to detect thisp  pI know this is probably possible because of this post about an issue that I used the keybind code from, the a hrefhttpscode.google.compgoogleappsscriptissuesissuesdetailid306c33 relnofollowissue herea, where the person who posted toe code said that the new IFRAME mode in HtmlService does allow for key codes to be passed on to Addons, as long as the user has click[ed] on  activate[d] the sidebar first.p
Negative 802 pI am facing problem, when form is opened in Magnific popup with datepicker in it. Datepciker month amp year drop down is not allowing to select both these two drop down. And all other tool of datepciker is working fine. Issue is coming only in Firefox browser.p  pThank in advancep
Negative 802 pI am new with Maven and I have the following problem. I have a project A which I have added as dependency in another project. p  pThis is what I have added to my pom p  precodeltbuildgt     ltdependenciesgt   ltdependencygt       ltgroupIdgtthe idltgroupIdgt       ltartifactIdgtartifact idltartifactIdgt       ltversiongt the versionltversiongt       ltscopegtcompileltscopegt     ltdependencygt codepre  pIn Eclipse everything is working, but when I try to open the jar file I get this message p  precodeCaused by java.lang.ClassNotFoundException the name of project  A          at java.net.URLClassLoader.findClassUnknown Source         at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source         at sun.misc.LauncherAppClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source         at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClassUnknown Source         ... 3 more codepre  pSo what am I missing   Any suggestions would be helpfulp
Negative 802 pIm following this a hrefhttpandroidsrc.netandroidwebcrawlerexamplemultithreadedimplementation relnofollowpagea, its kinda cool except for one thing  I have to wait 60 seconds until I crawl every page. I just want to end this process when all threads stop.p  pI tried something like thisp  precodeprivate Handler mHandler  new HandlerLooper.getMainLooper          public void handleMessageandroid.os.Message msg           synchronized lock              if uncrawledURL  null ampamp uncrawledURL.size gt 0                  int availableTasks  mManager.getUnusedPoolSize                 while availableTasks gt 0 ampamp uncrawledURL.isEmpty                      startCrawlerTaskuncrawledURL.remove, false                     availableTasks                                          I added this part             ifmManager.getActive  0                  counter  0                 stopCrawlerTasks                 callback.onCrawlingCompleted                             codepre  pSometimes it works, sometimes not I think it depends on tasks execution moment. I tried to implement something like a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3929361howtowaitforalltasksinanthreadpoolexecutortofinishwithoutshuttingdothisa but it doesnt work.p
Negative 802 pI have this scenario.p  pIn title codelth2gtlth2gtcode I want to put fontawesome icon before text. Ex.     p  precode  lth2 idtestgtlti classfa facoggtltigt THIS IS TITLElth2gt codepre  pI will add manual icon for all title, but if any title stay empty without icon, the script add default icon p  precode  lti classfa faangledoubleleftgtltigt codepre  pI have tried with this script but it is not working.p  precodetestempty.appendlth2gtlti classfa faangledoubleleftgtltigtlth2gt codepre  pAny suggestion to fix this problemp  pEdit  This one i need for all blocks in sidebar. Structure of blocks isp  precode        ltdiv classsidebargt         lth2gtlti classfa fausersgtltigtlta hrefgt Title 1ltagtlth2gt         ltulgt                         ltligt                              ltdiv classusergtltdivgt                         ltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt codepre  pAnd 2nt sidebar same class different titlep  precode        ltdiv classsidebargt         lth2gtlti classfa fausersgtltigtlta hrefgt Title 2ltagtlth2gt         ltulgt                         ltligt                              ltdiv classusergtltdivgt                         ltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt codepre  pAnd block 3th is without iconp  precode        ltdiv classsidebargt         lth2gtHERE ADDD DEFAULT ICON lta hrefgt Title 1ltagtlth2gt         ltulgt                         ltligt                              ltdiv classusergtltdivgt                         ltligt         ltulgt     ltdivgt     codepre  pI hope now is clear p
Negative 802 pI have setup a a hrefhttpsgithub.comyiisoftyii2appbasic relnofollowbasic appa according to this a hrefhttpwww.yiiframework.comdoc2.0guidestartinstallation.html relnofollowguide Installing Yiia. This is no problem. According to the guide I have also added a hrefhttpspackagist.orgpackagesfxpcomposerassetplugin relnofollowfxpcomposerassetplugina globally to composer.phar. Also no problem.p  pNow Ive got the requirement to work with a hrefhttpsgithub.comkriskowalq relnofollowq.jsa which is hosted as a hrefhttpswww.npmjs.compackageq relnofollownpm packagea. But I dont know how to add it via composer. I know I could probably use a CDN instead or download and store it manually. But I prefer using composer. So what do I have to do to make this workp  pI have added this to my composer.jsonp  precoderequire      php gt5.4.0,     yiisoftyii2 gt2.0.4,     yiisoftyii2bootstrap ,     yiisoftyii2swiftmailer ,     npmassetq 1.4               lt , codepre  pand called codecomposer.phar updatecode but got the exceptionp  blockquote precodeYour requirements could not be resolved to an installable set of packages.      Problem 1      The requested package npmassetq could not be found in any version,        there may be a typo in the package name. codepre blockquote  pIs it a wrong approachp  pId like to know in general how to add JS libraries to the project. I just know that I have to add it later to an Asset as well, but currently Im not able to get the JS file in the first place.p  p Is hosted the correct termp
Negative 802 pI read that p  blockquote   pA function with internal linkage is only visible to one compilation   unit. ... A function declared static has internal linkagep blockquote  pFor code.ccode files it sorta makes sense, but I was wondering what happens with static functions in headers, which get included by multiple code.ccode files but usually have an include guard.p  pI was reading a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma39567652032568this answera about static functions in headers, and the first item mentions that it doesnt create a symbol with external linkage and the second item mentions the function is available purely through the header file. Isnt that contradictory How can the function be available and at the same time have no external symbol So I did a little testp  precode 1.h  ifndef ONEH define ONEH  include ltstdio.hgt  static void foo    printffoo from 1.h pn, foo   return   void bar  endif   1.c  include 1.h include ltstdio.hgt  void bar    printffoo,bar from 1.c p,pn, foo, bar   foo    2.c  include 1.h include ltstdio.hgt  int main    printffoo,bar from main p,pn, foo, bar   foo   bar   return 0   ...  debianpc gcc 2.c 1.c debianpc .a.out  foo,bar from main 0x400506,0x400574 foo from 1.h 0x400506 foo,bar from 1.c 0x400559,0x400574 foo from 1.h 0x400559 codepre  pAs expected codebarcode is the same across all files, but shouldnt codefoocode be too Isnt code1.hcode included only once Adding codeinlinecode to codefoocode resulted in the same behavior. Im kinda lost.p
Negative 802 pBeing pretty new to Matlab, Ive been struggling trying to implement Gillespies Algorithm 1977. Truth be told, I am still somewhat confused by certain aspects of the algorithm itself such as the calculation of the propensity function. Ive been tying to stick pretty close to the methods outlined in his paper.p  pBelow I posted my attempt at coding fig.6 from his 1977 paper, but Ive been getting nowhere.p  pCould someone with some experience with the algorithm tell me what Im doing wrong Many thanks.p  precode clear    Species and reaction channels   M  2 N  1    STEP 0   c1X  5                 c1  5                  c2  0.005  Y  10 X1  Y  t  0                              Time   n  0                              Counter   tmax  100                        Max. number of iterations  T  zeros1, tmax  1            Time values array for plotting purposes   XX  zeros1, tmax  1            X values array   Yc  zeros1, tmax  1            Y values array for plotting purposes     STEP 1    while n lt tmax     h1  X1Y     h2  YY10.5        a  zeros1, 2       a1  h1c1       a2  h2c2       a1, 1  a1       a1, 2  a2       a0  suma                STEP 2               r1  rand       r2  rand       tau  logr11a0       t  t  tau        if r2a0 lt suma           Y  Y  h1           Yc1, n1  Y       else           Y  Y  h2           Yc1, n1  Y       end                STEP 3               t  t  tau       T1, n1  t       n  n  1   end  plotT, Yc codepre
Negative 802 pI want to set the codeycode properties of the codedataLabelscode in the first row into JasperReportHighCharts. In the bar chart I have 10 rows and I want to set codedataLabelscode properties into that.p  pFor the codedataLabelscode I have set following properties in Jasper p  precodeplotOptions.series.dataLabels.y  6 plotOptions.series.dataLabels.verticalalign  center codepre  pAfter setting these properties, 1st rows codedataLabelscode are out of the bar like in the below screenshotp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comaZpj6.png altenter image description herep  pand the other 9 rows are like in the following screenshotp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comVKFRv.png altenter image description herep  pA demo of the type of series format that I am using is available in this a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netuxqdk2nm relnofollowFiddlea.p  pI have also provided the code belowp  precodefunction       container.highcharts         chart  type bar,         title              text Nonreversed stacks demo. First series is in bottom.         ,         xAxis              categories [Jan, Feb, Mar, Apr, May, Jun, Jul, Aug, Sep, Oct]         ,         plotOptions              series                  stacking normal,                 dataLabels                      enabled true,                     x 2,                     algin top,                     inside true,                     y 4                                       ,         yAxis              reversedStacks true         ,         series [             data [29.9, 71.5, 106.4, 129.2, 144.0, 176.0, 135.6, 148.5, 216.4, 194.1]         ,              data [144.0, 176.0, 135.6, 148.5, 216.4, 194.1, 95.6, 54.4, 29.9, 71.5]         ,              data [29.9, 71.5, 106.4, 129.2, 144.0, 176.0, 135.6, 148.5, 216.4, 194.1]         ,              data [144.0, 176.0, 135.6, 148.5, 216.4, 194.1, 95.6, 54.4, 29.9, 71.5]         ],         tooltip              pointFormat series.name ltbgtpoint.yltbgt point.percentage.1fltbrgt         ,       codepre  pIn that, I had modified codeplotOptionscode data like following p  precodeplotOptions              series                  stacking normal,                 dataLabels                      enabled true,                     x2,                     algintop,                     inside  true,                     y  function                             ifchart.xAxis[0]]                                 plotOptions.series.dataLabels.y.attry3                            else                                plotOptions.series.dataLabels.y.attry3                                                             , codepre  pBut this is not working. How can I set the properties of the first rows codedataLabelscodep
Negative 802 pthis is xaml code i have used.    p  precode   ltListView  xNamelvLocations Grid.Row1               HorizontalAlignmentLeft              IsItemClickEnabledTrue             SelectionModeSingle                 SelectionChangedlvLocationsSelectionChanged             IsSwipeEnabledfalse              Margin19,12,19,0              gt          ltListView.ItemTemplategt              ltDataTemplategt                 ltTextBlock TextBinding                                  FontSize22                                 TextWrappingWrap                                 Margin0,12,0,0                                  gt              ltDataTemplategt          ltListView.ItemTemplategt      ltListViewgt codepre  pthis is the c code behindp  precode      Listltstringgt locations  new Listltstringgt           If the query returns results then bind it to the list view.         if result.Status  MapLocationFinderStatus.Success                      foreach MapLocation mapLocation in result.Locations                               create a display string of the map location                 string display  mapLocation.Address.StreetNumber                         mapLocation.Address.Street  Environment.NewLine                      mapLocation.Address.Town  ,                       mapLocation.Address.RegionCode                          mapLocation.Address.PostCode  Environment.NewLine                      mapLocation.Address.CountryCode                   add the display string to the location list                 locations.Adddisplay                            bind the location list to the ListView control             lvLocations.ItemsSource  locations           codepre  pthis code will display string in textblocks and i want when user click on one of the choice it get store in textblock or get bind into other textblock please suggest me how to do this p  pThank you in advancep
Negative 802 pIm parsing a bunch of XMLs with similar tablelike data and want to join them into a single data.table to do my calculations afterwards. I use codeXMLcode package for parsing, there are 10,000 xml files to be parsed and each would have 15150 rows inside exact number I dont know in advance. My current approach isp  precodesol lt data.table fori in seqlenlengthxmllist    i.xml lt xmlParsexmllist[[i]]   i.component lt as.data.tablexmlToDataFrame..   sol lt rbindlistlisti.component,sol,use.namesT,fillT  sol codepre  pThis process takes about an hour on my data. Could somebody point me towards a way to substantially improve performance of this parsing  p  pPossible ways that Im thinking are somehow preallocate memory for the larger data.table and append rows instead of recopying the whole thing on each step Or maybe theres a faster XML parser that I could use Or possibly parse XMLs in the list simultaneously and not sequentially since they are all alike.p
Negative 802 pWhen handling a codeMicrosoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.StorageExceptioncode raised by Azure Table Storage, is there a way of determining what the error is without querying the codeHTTPStatusCodecode and the codeErrorCodecode. For example when trying to insert a duplicate entity the following is raised by Azure p  blockquote   pHTTPStatusCode  409p      pErrorCode  EntityAlreadyExistsp blockquote  pIs there an enumeration of these error codes that I can switch on rather than directly querying against both the int codeHTTPStatusCodecode and string codeErrorCodecode p
Negative 802 pIve some corrupted elements in my locale workspace before commit. Everything is right into NSF, but not in locale synch. Expecially a Java script library, in which some methods results duplicated synch from nsf to ondisk create duplicates.p  pWhich could be the problemp
Negative 802 pIs it possible in Ireport to have a band layout like the one below without using subreport Or is there any other workaround. I tried to use subreport but unfortunately I cannot solve my issue. These have separate queries and I use php to fill in data to each details. Please help me.p  precodeColumn Header 1    Detail 1 Column Footer 1  Column Header 2    Detail 2 Column Footer 2 codepre
Negative 802 pI am attempting to return a simple XML output from my REST service but I get 500 Internal Server Error and the following error in the jetty consolep  precodeorg.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.WriterInterceptorExecutorTerminalWriterInterceptor aroundWriteTo SEVERE MessageBodyWriter not found for media typeapplicationxml, typeclass com.example.dbrest.model.Saying, genericTypeclass com.example.dbrest.model.Saying. codepre  pI have tried a few tricks but the problem remains. However, if I change the Produces to APPLICATIONJSON, it works as expectedp  precodenameHello jersey codepre  pMaven pom.xml has the right dependencies for Jersey, Jetty, Jackson but I dont believe anything specific is needed for XML My code currently looks like the following. Am I missing something  perhaps I need to register something in my main function Thanks in advancep  pModelp  precodepackage com.example.dbrest.model  XmlRootElement name  saying  public class Saying       public String name     public Saying            public SayingString name          this.name  name       codepre  pResourcep  precodepackage com.example.dbrest.resources  Path v1hello  public class HelloWorldResource      GET     Path name      Produces MediaType.APPLICATIONXML      public Saying getSaying PathParam name String name               return new SayingHello   name         codepre  pMainp  precodepublic class DBRestLauncher       private static final int DEFAULTJETTYPORT  8888      public static void main String[] args               ResourceConfig resourceConfig  new ResourceConfig         resourceConfig.packages com.example.dbrest.resources          resourceConfig.register JacksonFeature.class          ServletContainer servletContainer  new ServletContainer resourceConfig          ServletHolder jerseyServlet  new ServletHolder servletContainer          ServletContextHandler context  new ServletContextHandler ServletContextHandler.SESSIONS          context.setContextPath         context.addServlet jerseyServlet, apidb           Server jettyServer  new Server DEFAULTJETTYPORT          jettyServer.setHandler context           try                      jettyServer.start             jettyServer.join                  catch Exception e                       e.printStackTrace                codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to use the HDFStore command in Pandas and although I have PyTables installed, when I run the commandp  precodeimport pandas as pan filenametestfile.h5 storepan.HDFStorefilename codepre  pI get the following errorp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File CUsersdashamstyrAnacondalibsitepackagespandasiopytables.py, line 390, in init     raise ImportErrorHDFStore requires PyTables, ex problem importing.formatexstrex ImportError HDFStore requires PyTables, cannot import name bloscgetcomplibinfo problem importing codepre  pAnd when I run the commandp  precodeimport tables codepre  pI get this errorp  precodeTraceback most recent call last   File ltstdingt, line 1, in ltmodulegt   File CUsersdashamstyrAnacondalibsitepackagestablesinit.py, line 84, in ltmodulegt     from tables.utilsextension import  ImportError cannot import name bloscgetcomplibinfo codepre  pI using the Anaconda Python distribution for windows 7 64bit.  I have the following versions of relevant packages I think theyre all up to datep  ul liPython 2.7.9 li liPyTables 3.2.0li liHDF5 1.8.15.1li liCython 0.22.1li linumexpr 2.4.3li liPandas 0.16.2li ul
Negative 802 pMy app is an social app,as normal,you need register,login and get a account,and then,you can do something with your account, just like facebook or instagram, it can get feeds,friends,post somethings and so on.br My question is ,Whats the right way to store the account info and when app start, How to store the object  use SharedPreferences I store a account with Single Instance Mode br Here is my code.p  precodepublic class DataHub  private static DataHub instance  new DataHub private static final MapltString,Objectgt sData  new HashMapltString, Objectgt  private DataHub    public static DataHub getInstance     return instance   public static void saveUserUser user     sData.putuser, user   public static User getUser     User user  User sData.getuser     ifuser  null         MyApplication context  MyApplication.getApplication         ifcontext  null             return null                  user  UserDbHelper.getInstancecontext.findFirstUser         ifuser  null             saveUseruser                   return user  codepre  pp  pand when I need to use the account object, I call getUser method.br I dont know the way right or not,can you tell me whats the right way to store account in appbrthanks a lotp
Negative 802 pI have tried coderuby test.rb gt Result.txtcodep  pHowever, printf information only saves in result.txt but it does not show in Ruby console. p  pAny Ruby command could save and display log information simultaneouslyp
Negative 802 pThe new GCM 3.0 should allow GCM to automatically display notifications sent from server if they contain the codenotificationcode parameter.p  pAs said in the a hrefhttpsdevelopers.google.comcloudmessagingserverpayload relnofollowdocsap  blockquote   pThe notification parameter with predefined options indicates that GCM will display the message on the client apps behalf if the client app implements GCMListenerService on Androidp blockquote  pHowever I have trouble getting that to work even though the codeGCMListenerServicecode is implemented.p  pstrongAndroidManifest.xmlstrongp  precode    ltreceiver         androidnamecom.google.android.gms.gcm.GcmReceiver         androidexportedtrue         androidpermissioncom.google.android.c2dm.permission.SEND gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.google.android.c2dm.intent.RECEIVE gt             ltcategory androidnamecz.kubaspatny.pushservertest gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltreceivergt      ltservice         androidnamecz.kubaspatny.pushservertest.gcm.CustomGcmListenerService         androidexportedfalse gt         ltintentfiltergt             ltaction androidnamecom.google.android.c2dm.intent.RECEIVE gt         ltintentfiltergt     ltservicegt codepre  pstrongCustomGcmListenerService.javastrongp  precodepublic class CustomGcmListenerService extends GcmListenerService       Override     public void onMessageReceivedString from, Bundle extras          super.onMessageReceivedfrom, extras         Log.dGcmListenerService, Received gcm from   from   with bundle   extras.toString       codepre  pThe notification from server is logged but not shown by GCM.p  precodeReceived gcm from 333813590000 with bundle Bundle[notificationiconiclauncher.png,bodygreat match,titlePortugal vs. Denmark, collapsekeydonotcollapse] codepre  pThe message sent from serverp  precode              registrationids[...],       data          notification               body  great match,             icon  iclauncher.png,             title  Portugal vs. Denmark                     codepre  hr  pIs there anything else needed to be done to allow the automatic displayp
Negative 802 pI have an ASP.NET identity user class that I wish to extend with a manytomany relationshipp  precodepublic class MyUser  IdentityUser      public virtual ICollectionltGroupgt Groups  get set       public MyUser              Groups  new ListltGroupgt       codepre  pGroup is defined thusp  precodepublic class Group      public string Name  get set      public ICollectionltMyUsergt MyUsers  get set   codepre  pWhen I add a migration for these objects, I get a MyUserId field on my Groups table, which gets overwritten whenever any user adds a group to their collection.p  pIf I uncomment the other end of the relationship in the Group class, I do get a GroupMyUsers join table, which I can seed using Group. However, when I attempt to access the MyUser.Groups property an codeEntityCommandExecutionExceptioncode is thrown, stating that MyUserGroups is not a valid object.p
Negative 802 pI am new to C and using Xcode and I am having an issue, in my main .cpp file Account.cpp the code isp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  using namespace std include Account.h AccountAccount       double balance0     balance0  Account getbalance      return balance   void depositdouble amount      balanceamount  void withdrawdouble amount      balanceamount  void addInterestdouble interestRate      balancebalance1interestRate  codepre  pI think I missed something but Im not sure where, any help would be appreciated thank you.p  pThe header file Account.h isp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt using namespace std class Account  private     double balance public     Account     Accountdouble     double getBalance     void depositdouble amount      void withdrawdouble amount     void addInterestdouble interestRate  codepre
Negative 802 pI get the error codecom.android.dex.DexException Multiple dex files define Lcomgoogleandroidgmsinternalzzaucode when i run my app The gradle files are app p  precodedependencies  compile fileTreeinclude [.jar], dir libs compile com.android.supportsupportv421.0.3 compile com.android.supportappcompatv721.0.3 compile com.android.supportrecyclerviewv721.0.0 compile com.android.supportcardviewv721.0.0 compile com.google.android.gmsplayservices7.0. compile com.android.supportmediarouterv721.0.3 compile com.squareupotto1.3.5 compile com.squareup.picassopicasso2.3.4 compile com.squareup.okhttpokhttp2.2.0 compile com.squareup.okhttpokhttpurlconnection2.2.0 compile com.squareup.retrofitretrofit1.9.0 compile com.github.ksoichiroandroidobservablescrollview1.4.0 compile com.astuetzpagerslidingtabstrip1.0.1 compile com.facebook.androidfacebookandroidsdk4.1.0 compile com.parse.boltsboltsandroid1. compile com.edmodorangebar1.0.0 compile com.melnykovfloatingactionbutton1.3.0 compile projectlibraryviewpager compile projectandroidHorizontalListView compile projectCastCompanionLibrary compile projectmobihelpsdkandroidv1.4 compile fileTreeinclude Parse.jar, dir libs compile fileslibsParse1.9.2.jar compile fileslibsGoogleConversionTrackingSdk2.2.2.jar codepre  pp  pCastCompanionLibraryp  precodedependencies  compile com.android.supportappcompatv722. compile com.android.supportmediarouterv722. compile com.google.android.gmsplayservicescast7.5.0  codepre  pHow do i fix this i guess the error occurs because i use google play services in both the module and the app. but the versions are different. is that causing an issuep
Negative 802 pIm trying to find a simple way in JavaAndroid Studio to create a runtimemodifiable data structure that I can saveload from file that will be parsed to create a hierarchy of buttons buttons that lead to child buttons.  In javascript I could do something like thisp  precodevar categories  new Object     Entertainment new Object         Movie null,     Exercise new Object         Upper Body null,         Lower Body new Object             Squats null         ,         Dance null  codepre  pand then I could modify this object at runtime, use the datastructure to update and create a hierarchy of buttons, then serialize it to JSON and save it to a file to reload any edits the user made.p  pTo accomplish this I tried to create a treenode data structure but Im getting errors that I dont understandp  precodepublic static class Branch extends HashMap         public HashMapltString, HashMapgt BranchString str, HashMap node             HashMapltString, HashMapgt hmap  new HashMapltgt             hmap.putstr, node             return hmap                    public static class ButtonHierarchy          private ArrayListltHashMapgt categories          public ButtonHierarchy             ArrayListltHashMapltString, HashMapgtgt categories  new ArrayListltgt              categories.addnew Branchentertainment, new HashMap             categories.addnew Branchexercise, null                    public IteratorltMap.Entrygt iterator              return categories.iterator               codepre  pAndroid Studio flags the codecategories.addcode calls because codeBranch in Branch cannot be applied to java.lang.String, java.util.HashMapcode I dont understand because I defined the codeBranchcode constructor to accept those types.p  pMaybe Im going about this in a way that doesnt lend itself to Java  Is there already a standard Java classlib that simplifies making this kind of mechanism  Im open to a totally different approach if it will simplify things  Im not concerned about speedmemory because the button hierarchy will not be very big.p  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI have an application in which Im monitoring 3 eventsnotificationsp  precodemouseDown NSWorkspaceDidActivateApplicationNotification NSWorkspaceDidDeactivateApplicationNotification codepre  pThe case Im trying to monitor is when clicking with mouse on my application.p  pI see that the ordering of event is not constant. Sometimes the order isp  blockquote   pmouseDown  NSWorkspaceDidActivateApplicationNotification    NSWorkspaceDidDeactivateApplicationNotificationp blockquote  pand sometimesp  blockquote   pNSWorkspaceDidActivateApplicationNotification  mouseDown    NSWorkspaceDidDeactivateApplicationNotificationp blockquote  pSo the question is 1 Are those eventsnotifications all handled by the main thread 2 Is this a normal behavior and I cant actually expect an constant order  p
Negative 802 pI am trying to configure Instrumental Tests with Espresso in my android app, following a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions19558575nullpointerexceptionwhenusingespressothisa question because there was a null pointer exception when running the test. p  pActually my build.gradle dependencies section looks like thisp  precodedependencies      compile fileslibspixlui105.jar      You must install or update the Support Repository through the SDK manager to use this dependency.     compilecom.fortysevendeg.swipelistviewswipelistview1.0SNAPSHOTaar          transitive  true          compile com.google.code.gsongson2.2.4     compile com.google.code.gsongson2.3     compile com.android.supportappcompatv720.     compile com.google.android.gmsplayservicesmaps7.3.0     compile com.google.android.gmsplayserviceslocation7.3.0     compile com.google.android.gmsplayservicesgcm7.3.0      compile com.loopj.androidandroidasynchttp1.4.5      You must install or update the Support Repository through the SDK manager to use this dependency.     compile com.android.supportsupportv420.     compile ch.acraacra4.5.0         exclude group org.json          compile com.nostra13.universalimageloaderuniversalimageloader1.9.2     compile com.squareup.picassopicasso2.3.4     provided com.squareup.daggerdaggercompiler1.2.     compile com.squareup.daggerdagger1.2.     compile com.google.guavaguava15.0     compile com.facebook.androidfacebookandroidsdk3.23.0     compile com.mixpanel.androidmixpanelandroid4.5.3     compile com.google.maps.androidandroidmapsutils0.3       Testing dependencies     testCompile junitjunit4.5     testCompile org.mockitomockitocore1.9.5      androidTestCompile com.android.support.test.espressoespressocore2.0     androidTestCompile com.android.support.testtestingsupportlib0.1     androidTestCompile com.android.support.test.espressoespressocontrib2.0          exclude module supportannotations       codepre  pAnd defaultConfig sectionp  precodedefaultConfig          applicationId com.blabla.easyaccess         minSdkVersion 14         targetSdkVersion 19         testInstrumentationRunner com.google.android.apps.common.testing.testrunner.GoogleInstrumentationTestRunner       codepre  pI read I dont need to modify android.manifest because is it auto generated for IntrumentalTests.p  pBut when I edit debug configuration com.google.android.apps.common.testing.testrunner.GoogleInstrumentationTestRunner cannot be resolved. p  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comtc4lK.png altEdit Configurationp  pWhat am I missing p
Negative 802 pI want to know, how do I get the selected index, if I change the selection of a datagrid row. Ive searched a lot and have found only the a hrefhttphelp.adobe.comenUSFlashPlatformreferenceactionscript3fleventsDataGridEvent.html relnofollowAdobe siteap  pThis is what I think is the right wayp  precodemyGrid.addEventListenerDataGridEvent.ITEMFOCUSIN, datagridchanged codepre    precodeDataGrid Changed Listener function private function datagridchanged eDataGridEventvoid   tracee.selectedIndex Dont know if .selectedIndex is correct  codepre  pBut nothing works, if someone could help me pleasep  pThanks in advancep
Negative 802 pI am searching for a way to allow some permissions for a WMI group in the WMI namespace using VBScript.br In this articles a hrefhttpstechnet.microsoft.comenusmagazine2006.05.scriptingguy.aspx relnofollowtechneta , a hrefhttpblogs.msdn.combspatdsgarchive20071121setwminamespacesecurityviagposcript.aspx relnofollowmsdna are ways to read these permissions.brBut I need a way to write in it strongwithout overwritingstrong the permissions that are already given.brbr I found thisbrp  pa hrefhttpsmsdn.microsoft.comenuslibraryaa39361128vvs.8529.aspx relnofollowSetting Namespace Security Descriptorsa brBut I am missing the knowledge to use this in VBScript...br Would i be able to solve my problem with thisp
Negative 802 pIn my app i am selecting a picture from storage or taking a picture using camera and it will set in to an image view.When doing this i got Out of memory Error ,to avoid this I used this method.But it is not working,can anyone help to solve this issue .Or can anyone suggest any other method to handle this issue.p  precode public void decodeFileString filePath       Decode image size     BitmapFactory.Options o  new BitmapFactory.Options     o.inJustDecodeBounds  true     BitmapFactory.decodeFilefilePath, o       The new size we want to scale to     final int REQUIREDSIZE  1024       Find the correct scale value. It should be the power of 2.     int widthtmp  o.outWidth, heighttmp  o.outHeight     int scale  1     while true          if widthtmp amplt REQUIREDSIZE ampampampamp heighttmp amplt REQUIREDSIZE             break         widthtmp  2         heighttmp  2         scale  2            Decode with inSampleSize     BitmapFactory.Options o2  new BitmapFactory.Options     o2.inSampleSize  scale     bitmap  BitmapFactory.decodeFilefilePath, o2      imgView.setImageBitmapbitmap   codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to verify RSA signature on server side that was signed on client by USBtoken and .Net.  p  pSo, i havep  pbPublic keybbr bModulusbprezpFkA34TKgsx1G2arEwceaKf1gzEsV3gHPtzmABimmrb2hlVDmcix2Pt554ULHDokgnNesSwww8FGCaQBmwpre bExponentbp  preAQABpre  pbSource databp  pre29062015pre  pbSignature base64bpre779zqYT779d8WL7797792JXvv73ZqevVfvv73vv73vv71SYB9b779BXob779DOveqGnvevVXSqtWdRixlSyDvv70iVevQ8x779779779779bFF779Nwprep  pMy Java code to verify  p  precodepublic static void test      String modB64  zpFkA34TKgsx1G2arEwceaKf1gzEsV3gHPtzmABimmrb2hlVDmcix2Pt554ULHDokgnNesSwww8FGCaQBmw     String expB64  AQAB      String phrase  29062015     String sign  779zqYT779d8WL7797792JXvv73ZqevVfvv73vv73vv71SYB9b779BXob779DOveqGnvevVXSqtWdRixlSyDvv70iVevQ8x779779779779bFF779Nw      PublicKey pubKey  constructPublicKeymodB64, expB64     Log.mver   verifypubKey, phrase.getBytesUTF8, b64decodesign    private static PublicKey constructPublicKeyString modB64, String expB64                  throws NoSuchAlgorithmException, NoSuchProviderException, InvalidKeySpecException, UnsupportedEncodingException      BigInteger mod  new BigIntegerb64decodemodB64     BigInteger exp  new BigIntegerb64decodeexpB64     RSAPublicKeySpec keySpec  new RSAPublicKeySpecmod, exp     KeyFactory keyFactory  KeyFactory.getInstanceRSA, BC     PublicKey key  keyFactory.generatePublickeySpec     return key   private static boolean verify         PublicKey publicKey, byte[] message, byte[] signature         throws SignatureException, NoSuchAlgorithmException,         UnsupportedEncodingException, InvalidKeyException,         NoSuchProviderException      Signature sign  Signature.getInstanceSHA1withRSA, BC     sign.initVerifypublicKey     sign.updatemessage     return sign.verifysignature   private static final byte[] b64decodeString data         throws UnsupportedEncodingException      return Base64.getDecoder.decodedata.getBytesUTF8  codepre  pBut it always returns false.br Also i tried to use another encoding ASCII, windows1251 with igetBytesi method and this does not solve problem.br Also i tried to verify without BouncyCatle.p  pBut signature and key pair must be correct, i guess, because i tested it by C and this working fine p  precodeRSACryptoServiceProvider rsa  new RSACryptoServiceProvider RSAParameters prsa  new RSAParameters prsa.Modulus  Convert.FromBase64StringzpFkA34TKgsx1G2arEwceaKf1gzEsV3gHPtzmABimmrb2hlVDmcix2Pt554ULHDokgnNesSwww8FGCaQBmw prsa.Exponent  Convert.FromBase64StringAQAB rsa.ImportParametersprsa  string data  29062015 string sign64  779zqYT779d8WL7797792JXvv73ZqevVfvv73vv73vv71SYB9b779BXob779DOveqGnvevVXSqtWdRixlSyDvv70iVevQ8x779779779779bFF779Nw  byte[] dtBuffer  Encoding.Default.GetBytesdata byte[] sgBuffer  Convert.FromBase64Stringsign64  if rsa.VerifyDatadtBuffer, CryptoConfig.MapNameToOIDSHA1, sgBuffer    result.Text  nRight codepre  pHelp me, please.br Whats wrong on Java side Why i can verify this signature by C, but cant by Javap
Negative 802 pSimilar questions have bee asked before and I have tried solutions given to them, but my problem is little different. p  pLets say I have an array of objects like this in my controllerp  precodescope.objArray  [        id1,     nameplaceholder1   ,        id2,     nameplaceholder2    ] codepre  pnow based on this array I am generating a form dynamically like thisp  precode  ltdiv ngrepeatfield in fieldsgt     field.fieldname ltbrgt     ltinput typetext ngmodelfield.fieldnamegtltbrgt   ltdivgt codepre  phere in this form i want codengmodelcode value to be set as codeplaceholder1code and codeplaceholder2code and not like codejavascriptcode variable like codefield.fieldnamecode because my targets are coming from another source which contains html like below.p  precodeltpgtthis is sample html placeholder1. again sample html placeholder2 ltpgt codepre  pi dont have those JS variables in here. I could not find any solution which will work this way for me so far.p  phere is link to plunk a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditttaq0l3PDRu4piwSluUXppreview relnofollowhttpplnkr.coeditttaq0l3PDRu4piwSluUXppreviewap
Negative 802 pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comDMoJd.png altenter image description hereI got the following problem when running codeimresizecodep  blockquote   pMATLABdispatcherloadLibrary Cant load usrlocalMATLABR2011bbinglnxa64libmwmathlinalg.so libgfortran.so.3 cannot open shared object file No such file or directory.p blockquote  pThe file codelibmwmathlinalg.socode is located in that folder but Matlab cannot find it.  It is likely many other .so files are not accessible either so its a big problem. I suspect that this is caused by a bad linking. Yesterday I wanted to mex a fortran code, and I did the followingp  precodesudo ln sf usrlocalMATLABR2011bsysosglnxa64 usrlocalMATLABR2011bbinglnxa64libgfortran.so.3 codepre  pLater when Matlab restarted I found the problem. I have removed the link usingp  precodesudo rm usrlocalMATLABR2011bsysosglnxa64libgfortran.so.3 codepre  pBut the problem persists. I think that maybe the folderp  precodeusrlocalMATLABR2011bsysosglnxa64 codepre  pshould be somehow linked to p  precodeusrlocalMATLABR2011bbinglnxa64 codepre  pbut its not doing so. Any ideasp  pEdit Actually, could anybody upload a screenshot about the files including links inside the p  precodeusrlocalMATLABR2011bsysosglnxa64 codepre  pfolder That may be helpful. Ive shown mine here.p
Negative 802 pWhen I go into server explorer and right click on my table and select Show Table Data the datetime is not formatted to display milliseconds.p  pHowever, when I run a new query to select from the table I can then see the full datetime. How can I fix thisp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pI have an application importing and exporting data from an Oracle database tofrom XML using JAXB. Now there are some BLOB fields in the DB containing uploaded files which I would like to have in the XML as a base64 encoded string. This works quite well out of the box with JAXB using   codeXmlSchemaTypename  base64Binarycode as done belowp  precodeXmlType public class DocumentTemplateFile        other fields ommited      XmlElementrequired  true     XmlSchemaTypename  base64Binary     private byte[] data       other code ommited  codepre  pThe problem with this solution is that the whole file content is stored in memory because of the byte array. Depending on the size of the file this could cause some issues.p  pI was therefore wondering if theres a way to create an codeXmlAdaptercode or similar that gets Streams from and to the file, so that I can stream it directly to  from the DBs BLOB without having the whole content in memory. I was thinking on something similar to thisp  precodepublic class BlobXmlAdapter extends XmlAdapterltInputStream, OutputStreamgt     Override   public InputStream marshalfinal OutputStream value throws Exception      return null       Override   public OutputStream unmarshalfinal InputStream value throws Exception      return null      codepre  pThis is obviously only an illustrative example so that you can have an idea of what Im looking for. The end solution doesnt necessarily have to make use of codeXmlAdatercodes. All I need is a way to hook on the unmarshalling process and stream the data through a buffer  queue rather than storing everything in a byte array.p
Negative 802 pI got a problem with the time axis so I search on the Web and I see that there is the same problem on the tutorialexemple on the web p  pOn this fiddle a hrefhttpjsfiddle.netlampalorkdm6ff3ua relnofollowhttpjsfiddle.netlampalorkdm6ff3uaa its just a fork of an exemple find on fiddle p  precodevar xAxis  d3.svg.axis .scalex .orientbottom .ticksd3.time.days, 1 .tickFormatd3.time.formata d .tickSize5 .tickPadding8      svg.selectAll.chart     .datadata   .enter.appendrect     .attrclass, bar     .attrx, functiond  return xnew Dated.date  codepre  pyou can see the problem, if you look the time axis and the first bar chart you can see a gape of 34 pixel. I got the same problem on my work and I see this problem on other exemple of the web. Any idea  Thanksp
Negative 802 pId like to be able to animate my UIImageView background in a diagonal fashion. Meaning the background would animate and scroll from the top left of the screen towards the bottom right of the screen. Ideally, this would be a continuous animation.p  pI have the directions figured out, however, what I have seems to take a copy of the background amp animate it over a static background. This causes for a weird effect.p  pSee gif img srchttpi.stack.imgur.comzIR08.gif altenter image description herep  pHere is the codep  precodevar imageView  UIImageView   override func viewDidLoad      super.viewDidLoad      self.setup     func setup        self.imageView.frame  self.view.bounds     self.imageView.image  UIImagenamed myimage.jpg     self.view.addSubviewself.imageView      self.scroll     func scroll       var theImage  UIImagenamed myimage.jpg     var pattern  UIColorpatternImage theImage     var layer  CALayer      layer.backgroundColor  pattern.CGColor      layer.transform  CATransform3DMakeScale1,1,1     layer.anchorPoint  CGPointMake0, 1      var viewSize  self.imageView.bounds.size     layer.frame  CGRectMake0,0, theImage.size.width  viewSize.width, viewSize.height      self.imageView.layer.addSublayerlayer      var startPoint  CGPointZero     var endPoint  CGPointMaketheImage.size.width, theImage.size.height  15      var animation  CABasicAnimationkeyPath position     animation.timingFunction  CAMediaTimingFunctionname kCAMediaTimingFunctionLinear     animation.fromValue  NSValueCGPointstartPoint     animation.toValue  NSValueCGPointendPoint     animation.repeatCount  Float.infinity     animation.duration  1.0       layer.addAnimationanimation, forKey position   codepre  pIs anyone able to figure out how to make the emwholeem background scroll Do i just need a larger image, and scroll that If that is the case, what does the contentMode of the imageView need to be set atp  pThanksp  pstrong Updatestrongp  pIve reworked the code a bit, and have a working version of what I wanted. Im curious for some feedback, as Im still not 100 comfortable with animations in general but im learning  p  p I removed the whole background image in general, as DuncanC suggested it wasnt serving a good purpose. Now, im just making an image layer, trying to make if sufficiently big, and looping the animation. Thoughtsp  precodeoverride func viewDidLoad      super.viewDidLoad      self.scroll   func scroll       var theImage  UIImagenamed myimage.jpg     var pattern  UIColorpatternImage theImage     var layer  CALayer     layer.backgroundColor  pattern.CGColor      layer.transform  CATransform3DMakeScale1,1,1     layer.anchorPoint  CGPointMake0, 1       im making the view large here so the animation can keep running smoothly without      showing what is behind our image      is there a better way to do this     var viewSize  CGSizeMakeself.view.bounds.size.height  10, self.view.bounds.size.width  10     layer.frame  CGRectMake0,0, theImage.size.width  viewSize.width, viewSize.height      self.view.layer.addSublayerlayer     var startPoint  CGPointMaketheImage.size.width, theImage.size.height     var endPoint  CGPointMake0, 0      var animation  CABasicAnimationkeyPath position     animation.timingFunction  CAMediaTimingFunctionname kCAMediaTimingFunctionLinear     animation.fromValue  NSValueCGPointstartPoint     animation.toValue  NSValueCGPointendPoint     animation.repeatCount  Float.infinity     animation.duration  3.0       layer.addAnimationanimation, forKey position          codepre  pResultimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comqVKWV.gif altenter image description herep
Negative 802 pI am well aware of how to have roxygen not run an example when the code is directly in the roxygen comments.  However, some example may be somewhat verbose or you would want you examples compiled in an examples directory.  In which case the codeexample filepathcode works fine but I cant figure out how to have roxygen not run i.e. codedontruncode the example strongfilestrong.p  pThis is admitted very similar to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions12038160howtonotrunanexampleusingroxygen2thisa question but the comments show that this problem was not answered.p  ptest.Rp  precode this does not work  title testfun  example dontrunexamplestestexample.R test lt function     printhello    this does  title test  examples   dontrun  test   test lt function     printhello  codepre  ptestexample.Rp  precodetest codepre  pHow can I get the former approach to workp
Negative 802 pIm trying to upgrade to latest version of node. Im falling the instructions at a hrefhttpdavidwalsh.nameupgradenodejs relnofollowhttpdavidwalsh.nameupgradenodejsap  pBut when I dop  precodesudo npm install g n codepre  pI get the errorp  precodesudo npm command not found codepre  pnpm works without sudo. When i dop  precodewhereis node codepre  pI seep  precodenode usrbinnode usrlibnode usrbinX11node usrlocalnode codepre  pWhen i runp  precodewhich npm codepre  pshowsp  precodeusrlocalnodebinnpm codepre  pI tried the solution at a hrefhttpstackoverflow.coma50627181246159httpstackoverflow.coma50627181246159ap  pBut im still getting the same error. I also looked at the etcsudoers file and the relevant line isp  precodeDefaults        securepathusrlocalsbinusrlocalbinusrsbinusrbinsbinbin codepre  pThis looks fine to me. How can I possibly get NPM working with sudo commandp
Negative 802 pI have been looking for something that would add codelttdgtcode to the beginning of text and then codelttdgtcode at the end of text p  pCan anybody help with this or point me some where I can find out how to do it p  pFor example, if a user puts text like thisp  precodeitem    2,119   1,403   233.090 1,741,670   110 821 codepre  pI need the page to automatically add a codelttdgtcode to the beginning and end of the text like thisp  precodelttdgtitemlttdgtlttdgt2,119lttdgtlttdgt1,403lttdgtlttdgt233.090lttdgtlttdgt1,741,670lttdgtlttdgt110lttdgtlttdgt821lttdgt codepre  pEditp  pnow I have another problem I forgot about if there is more than one line of text that a user has put and there want it to come up in a list.p  precode        Names   1   2   3   4   5 ItemA   2,119   1,403   233.090 1,741,670   110 821 ItemB   957 370 250,734 757,278 262 791 itemC   16  13  0   18,811  0   1,175 ItemD   630 281 347,956 1,260,205   552 2,000 codepre  pSo i need it to do thisp  precodelttrgtlttdgtItemAlttdgt  lttdgt2,119lttdgt  lttdgt1,403lttdgt  lttdgt233.090lttdgt    lttdgt1,741,670lttdgt  lttdgt110 821lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtItemBlttdgt  lttdgt957 lttdgt370 lttdgt250,734 lttdgt757,278lttdgt    lttdgt262 lttdgt791lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtitemClttdgt  lttdgt16lttdgt lttdgt13lttdgt lttdgt0lttdgt  lttdgt18,811lttdgt lttdgt0   lttdgt1,175lttdgtlttrgt lttrgtlttdgtItemDlttdgt  lttdgt630lttdgt    lttdgt281lttdgt    lttdgt347,956lttdgt    lttdgt1,260,205lttdgt  lttdgt552 2,000lttdgtlttrgt codepre  pSo at the  beginning of every line and at the end of every line I need a codelttrgtcode and codelttrgtcode so on my web page it comes up in a listp
Negative 802 pIm trying to do some basic image analysis with Julia after observing how much faster it is than Python.p  pThere are good examples out there of how to import a file in using the Images library.  Images reinterprets it then hist changes it to a columnmajor vector.p  precodeusing Images imggld  imreadimage.jpg imggldgs  convertImage,imggld imggldgs  reinterpretUint8,dataimggldgs import PyPlot h  PyPlot.plt.histvecimggldgs, 1255 PyPlot.plt.ploth codepre  pThe last line is wrong and causing the error  INFO Loading help data... ERROR PyError PyObjectCall  ValueErrorsetting an array element with a sequence.,p  pHow do I correctly pass the data to PyPlot and get the histogram to displayp
Negative 802 pIve got a pandas DataFrame that looks like thisp  precode       sum 1948   NaN 1949   NaN 1950     5 1951     3 1952   NaN 1953     4 1954     8 1955   NaN codepre  pand I would like to cut off the codeNaNcodes at the beginning and at the end ONLY i.e. only the values incl. codeNaNcode from 1950 to 1954 should remain. I already tried code.isnullcode and codedropnacode, but somehow I couldnt find a proper solution. Can anyone helpp
Negative 802 pI have a variable in my report which holds 2 possible values monthly and daily. How can I put this variable lets call it reportModel. I think it should be somewhere in GROUP BY clause, but dont know how should it look like.p  precodeDECLARE reportModel VARCHAR10 SET reportModel  monthly  SELECT P.product, SUMO.price  O.quantity, O.orderDate FROM Products AS P INNER JOIN Orders AS O ON P.ID  O.ID codepre  pAnd what nowp
Negative 802 pErrorp  precodecode 400, errortype OAuthException, errormessage Redirect URI does not match registered redirect URI codepre  pAppeared onp  precodehttpsinstagram.comoauthauthorizeresponsetypecodeampclientid2fa4359e4340434786e469ab54b9b8c0ampredirecturihttplocalhost8000ampscopelikes codepre  pInstagram settingsp  precodeCLIENT ID   2fa4359e4340434786e469ab54b9b8c0 WEBSITE URL httplocalhost8000 codepre  pCodep  precodeauthProvider.oauth2   name instagram,   url httplocalhost3000authinstagram,   redirectUri httplocalhost8000,   clientId 2fa4359e4340434786e469ab54b9b8c0,   requiredUrlParams [scope],   scope [likes],   scopeDelimiter ,   authorizationEndpoint httpsapi.instagram.comoauthauthorize  codepre  pAny help will be appreciated. Thanksp
Negative 802 pSorry for the long description but I want to make it simple for the users to understand my problem.  I have a list that contains codeDepartmentItemcode and codeEmployeeItemcode. p  precode var empSubRelList  new ListltEmpDeptRelgt  internal class EmpDeptRel      public Item DepartmentItem  get set      public Item EmployeeItem  get set   codepre  pHere is the code that explains how I am adding items to the listp  precodeItem userProfile  Sitecore.Context.Database.GetItemsitecorecontentIntranetUser Profiles  foreach var subRelItem in userProfile.Axes.GetDescendants.Wherep gt p.TemplateID.ToString  Settings.GetSettingSubRelTemplateID                                                   ampamp p[Subsidiary]  SubssdiaryItem.ID.ToString.OrderByp gt p[Department]      empSubRelList.Addnew EmpDeptRel               DepartmentItem  GetItemByIdsubRelItem[Department],          EmployeeItem  subRelItem.Parent.Parent              codepre  pI bind it with a repeater p  precoderepEmployees.DataSource  empSubRelList repEmployees.DataBind  ltaspRepeater runatserver IDrepEmployeesgt    ltItemTemplategt        ltligt             lt NameEvalDepartmentItem as Itemgt             lt NameEvalEmployeeItem as Itemgt                  ltligt    ltItemTemplategt codepre  pp  pHere is the code for the method codeNamecode which is inside the repeaterp  precodeprotected string NameItem item      if item  null              return item.Name          return string.Empty  codepre  pthe Output is p  precodeIT TestUser1 Administration TestUser2 Administration TestUSer3 Administration TestUser4 Administration TestUser5 Finance TestUSer6 codepre  pIs it somehow possible to group the list empSubRelList With Department So that I can get following outputp  precodeIT TestUser1 Administration TestUser2 TestUser3 TestUser4 TestUser5 Finance TestUser6 codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to make a new module inside my Android Project. When I go to File  New  New Module... And choose Android Library, the default package name given in the module is always com.example.. p  pIs there a way to set this to not be com.example...p
Negative 802 pI want to make sure, if use UDP within a host, should i care about the package lost issuep
Negative 802 pIve searched for questions such like This Handler class should be static or leaks might occur  for loooooong time,but no result that I want.The app can run whih this warning,but how to solve itp  pThis Handler class should be static or leaks might occur com.example.ed.myapplication.MainActivity.FHandler less... CtrlF1  Since this Handler is declared as an inner class, it may prevent the outer class from being garbage collected. If the Handler is using a Looper or MessageQueue for a thread other than the main thread, then there is no issue. If the Handler is using the Looper or MessageQueue of the main thread, you need to fix your Handler declaration, as follows Declare the Handler as a static class In the outer class, instantiate a WeakReference to the outer class and pass this object to your Handler when you instantiate the Handler Make all references to members of the outer class using the WeakReference object.p
Negative 802 pIm using a WebView which uses javascript to run 2 way communication with a server. Everything is working great until I create a production release. Here is how I set up my WebViewp  precode Set up the web view webView  WebView findViewByIdR.id.webView webView.clearCachetrue webView.addJavascriptInterfacenew MyJavaScriptInterfacethis, AndroidFunction webView.getSettings.setJavaScriptEnabledtrue  Enable access from file urls if API gt 16 if Build.VERSION.SDKINT gt Build.VERSIONCODES.JELLYBEAN      webView.getSettings.setAllowUniversalAccessFromFileURLstrue  webView.loadUrlfileandroidassetfsl.html codepre  pWhere MyJavaScriptInterface is declared asp  precodepublic class MyJavaScriptInterface  Context mContext  MyJavaScriptInterfaceContext c      mContext  c       JavascriptInterface     public void googleMapsLoaded       JavascriptInterface     public void googleMapsPredictionsfinal String jsonString       JavascriptInterface     public void googleMapsMapSurfaceClick       JavascriptInterface     public void googleMapsLocationFound String jsonString       JavascriptInterface     public void googleMapsLocationNotFound   codepre  pWhen I run the application from Eclipse on either an emulator or a physical device, I dont have any problems. After I created a release with keystore, uploaded to Google Play under Alpha, Im receiving errors likep  precodeUncaught TypeError AndroidFunction.googleMapsLoaded is not a function Uncaught TypeError AndroidFunction.googleMapsPredictions is not a function codepre  pIs there some sort of permission that I might be overlooking Does anyone know why the functions arent called when the build is a production buildp
Negative 802 pIm trying to workout something like this. Its a sample code, since Im not able to put up the whole stored procedure. p  pIm taking a value from a table, while also getting codechildrencode as a parameter to SP. I want to run the codeANDcode condition only if the the value in codechildrencode is greater than one. Is it possible to add an codeIFcode condition in the codeWHEREcode clause within SQL Server 2008 How can I achieve the following Logically, below is the situation that I want to achieve. If you have any questions then please let me know, so that I can provide additional information.p  precodeSelect empId, empDesignation, empSalary, hasChildren from Employee Where empDesignation  Manager  IF children gt 2   AND hasChildren  1  codepre
Negative 802 pI want to be able to write expressions as strings and then evaluate them. So I havep  precodevar expression   this.num2 function xexpression, o    var fn  function, result   fn  Function.applyo, [return   expression   ]   return fn.callo   var obj  num3 console.logxexpression, obj codepre  pWhich works great. However, I want to be able to write num2p  pHow do I do thisp
Negative 802 pI have a quick question regarding coding into vba,  I am trying to write a sorting algorithm into vba.  p  pHowever I am having trouble passing an integer array into a function.  Is there a way to pass an array into a function  I believe passing it as a variant is the correct way to do it. p  pAlso is there a way to get the functions return value to pass as an array as wellp
Negative 802 pGiven that I have fairly big file, so reading it fully, rearranging and writing out is not an option  what is the fastest way to insert data anywhere inside existing file without overwriting existing datap  pQuestion is related to HTML5 File Api and CordovaPhonegap File Plugins, they effectively use the same spec. It has to be javascript solution, to be used from chromefirefox apps and cordova apps.p
Negative 802 pI am new to Regex.  Given the below phrase I want to get rid of the Is and the extra field appearing because of using two regex operation. p  precodetext I have a problem in Regex, How do I get rid of the Capital Is provided I want to retain words occurring together as logical entity with a Capital letter in the beginning of each word like International Business Machine  codepre  pFor example     I would like to retain International Business Machine as International Business Machine and not Capital Is as Capital Is but Capitalp  pI used the below Regular Expressionp  precodere.findall[AZ][w]s[AZ][w][AZ][w], text   codepre  pThe output I received is p  precode[, I,  , Regex,  , How,  , I,  Capital Is, ,  , I,  , Capital,  International Business Machine, ] codepre  pHowever I would Like my Output to be as p  precode[Regex,  How,  Capital,  Capital,  International Business Machine]  codepre  pHow do I get rid of the I and the extra field appearing because of using two regex operation.p  pThanksp
Negative 802 precodeclass a     def fun1self         print inside a class ba     def fun1self         print inside b  class ca     def fun1self         print inside c class db,c     pass  obd d.fun1 codepre  pthe above code will print inside b as per MRO.Is there any way to call function from class C with object of d.p
Negative 802 pOkay so I dont have much experience with jQuery. What Im trying to do here is make the background of the page change every 5 seconds 10 seconds actually but 5 is for testing. Along with this I want a countdown animation, like a bar below on the page. Ive got the background changing every 5 seconds but I cant get the bar animations working. It only occurs once or twice but then never happens again  p  pthis is the code for the bar animationp  precodevar initialWidth  0 var initialHeight  0  var firstMeasurements  function   initialHeight  .countdown.height  px   initialWidth  .countdown.width  px   function         var bar  .countdown          function countdown                bar.animatewidth0px, 5000                   function restartCountdown                bar.csswidth, initialWidth               countdown               setTimeoutrestartCountdown, 5000                   bar.cssheight, initialHeight         restartCountdown  codepre  pcountdown is the class of the div that I want to animate every 5 seconds.p  pCan someone please tell me what is wrong with my code  thank you.p
Negative 802 pim testing a personal MQTT application but it failed when i click on the connect button... There is an exception but i dont know where it comes from.p  pHere is my code p  pMainActivity.java p  precodepackage com.application.phoste.homecontrol  import android.app.Activity import android.os.Bundle import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.widget.Button import android.widget.EditText import android.widget.Toast   public class MainActivity extends Activity      private Paho paho  null     EditText topic  null     EditText message  null     Button connect  null     Button send  null      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          paho  new Paho          topic  EditText findViewByIdR.id.topic         message  EditText findViewByIdR.id.message          connect  Button findViewByIdR.id.connect         connect.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  paho.connect                 String res  paho.isConnected  Connected  Not Connected                 Toast toast  Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, res, Toast.LENGTHSHORT                 toast.show                               send  Button findViewByIdR.id.send         send.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  paho.publishtopic.getText.toString, message.getText.toString                 Toast toast  Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, Message sent, Toast.LENGTHSHORT                 toast.show                                 Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.menumain, menu         return true           Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item           Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will          automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long          as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.         int id  item.getItemId          noinspection SimplifiableIfStatement         if id  R.id.actionsettings              return true                   return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem       codepre  pPaho.java p  precodepackage com.application.phoste.homecontrol  import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.IMqttDeliveryToken import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttCallback import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttClient import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttConnectOptions import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttException import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttMessage  public class Paho implements MqttCallback       private MqttClient client     private static final String BROKER  tcp192.168.1.1891883     private static final int QOS  2      public void connect          try              client  new MqttClientBROKER, MqttClient.generateClientId             MqttConnectOptions options  new MqttConnectOptions             options.setConnectionTimeout1             client.setCallbackthis             client.connect          catch MqttException e              e.getMessage                    public void disconnect          if client.isConnected              try                  client.disconnect              catch MqttException e                  e.getMessage                                 public boolean isConnected          return client.isConnected           public void publishString topic, String m          try              MqttMessage message  new MqttMessagem.getBytes             message.setQos2             client.publishtopic, message          catch MqttException e              e.getMessage                    Override     public void connectionLostThrowable throwable             Override     public void messageArrivedString s, MqttMessage mqttMessage throws Exception             Override     public void deliveryCompleteIMqttDeliveryToken iMqttDeliveryToken         codepre  pThe exception p  precode0729 151723.988  1571815718com.application.phoste.homecontrol EAndroidRuntime FATAL EXCEPTION main     Process com.application.phoste.homecontrol, PID 15718     java.lang.NullPointerException Attempt to invoke virtual method boolean org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttClient.isConnected on a null object reference             at com.application.phoste.homecontrol.Paho.isConnectedPaho.java44             at com.application.phoste.homecontrol.MainActivity1.onClickMainActivity.java35             at android.view.View.performClickView.java4756             at android.view.ViewPerformClick.runView.java19748             at android.os.Handler.handleCallbackHandler.java739             at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java95             at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java135             at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5254             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNative Method             at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java372             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java898             at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693 codepre  pI also added the codeltusespermission androidnameandroid.permission.internetgtcode line into the AndroidManifest.xmlp  pWhere am I wrong p  pEdit p  pI just realized i had some warning messages even before the exception was thrown... Here they are  p  precode0729 172652.673  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err MqttException 0 0729 172652.673  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.persist.MqttDefaultFilePersistence.openMqttDefaultFilePersistence.java80 0729 172652.673  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttAsyncClient.ltinitgtMqttAsyncClient.java286 0729 172652.674  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttAsyncClient.ltinitgtMqttAsyncClient.java167 0729 172652.674  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttClient.ltinitgtMqttClient.java224 0729 172652.674  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttClient.ltinitgtMqttClient.java136 0729 172652.675  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at com.application.phoste.homecontrol.MainActivity.onCreateMainActivity.java35 0729 172652.675  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.Activity.performCreateActivity.java5933 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.Instrumentation.callActivityOnCreateInstrumentation.java1105 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.ActivityThread.performLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2282 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.ActivityThread.handleLaunchActivityActivityThread.java2389 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.ActivityThread.access900ActivityThread.java147 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.ActivityThreadH.handleMessageActivityThread.java1296 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.os.Handler.dispatchMessageHandler.java102 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.os.Looper.loopLooper.java135 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at android.app.ActivityThread.mainActivityThread.java5254 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeNative Method 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java372 0729 172652.676  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInitMethodAndArgsCaller.runZygoteInit.java898 0729 172652.678  3270632706com.application.phoste.homecontrol WSystem.err at com.android.internal.os.ZygoteInit.mainZygoteInit.java693 codepre  pI really hope someone could help me with that.p  pI also changed my code to do everything in the MainActivity p  precodepackage com.application.phoste.homecontrol  import android.app.Activity import android.os.Bundle import android.view.Menu import android.view.MenuItem import android.view.View import android.widget.Button import android.widget.EditText import android.widget.Toast  import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttClient import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttConnectOptions import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttException import org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3.MqttMessage   public class MainActivity extends Activity      EditText topic  null     EditText message  null     Button send  null     Button debug  null     MqttClient client      Override     protected void onCreateBundle savedInstanceState          super.onCreatesavedInstanceState         setContentViewR.layout.activitymain          try              client  new MqttClienttcpm2m.eclipse.org1883, MqttClient.generateClientId             MqttConnectOptions options  new MqttConnectOptions             options.setConnectionTimeout1             client.connect          catch MqttException e              e.printStackTrace                   topic  EditText findViewByIdR.id.topic         message  EditText findViewByIdR.id.message          send  Button findViewByIdR.id.send         send.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  try                      MqttMessage m  new MqttMessagemessage.getText.toString.getBytes                     m.setQos2                     client.publishtopic.getText.toString, m                     Toast toast  Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, Message sent, Toast.LENGTHSHORT                     toast.show                  catch MqttException e                      e.printStackTrace                                                 debug  Button findViewByIdR.id.debug         debug.setOnClickListenernew View.OnClickListener              Override             public void onClickView v                  String res  client  null  Null  Not Null                 Toast toast  Toast.makeTextgetApplicationContext, res, Toast.LENGTHSHORT                 toast.show                                 Override     public boolean onCreateOptionsMenuMenu menu           Inflate the menu this adds items to the action bar if it is present.         getMenuInflater.inflateR.menu.menumain, menu         return true           Override     public boolean onOptionsItemSelectedMenuItem item           Handle action bar item clicks here. The action bar will          automatically handle clicks on the HomeUp button, so long          as you specify a parent activity in AndroidManifest.xml.         int id  item.getItemId          noinspection SimplifiableIfStatement         if id  R.id.actionsettings              return true                   return super.onOptionsItemSelecteditem       codepre  pBut it still doesnt work, I get the Null Toast from de debug button.p
Negative 802 pOk I knew mongodb, node.js and very little about angular.js.....and at some point I got struck, so i deliberately need help.I knew the node.js code but cant understand how to retreave it through angular.js. Please write angular.js code how to get data from this given node.js code. If any error in my node.js code please notify me.p  precodevar express  requireexpress app  express  Web framework to handle routing requests cons  requireconsolidate  Templating library adapter for Express MongoClient  requiremongodb.MongoClient  Driver for connecting to MongoDB routes  require.routes  Routes for our application bodyParser  requirebodyparser codepre  pcodeMongoClient.connectmongodb127.0.0.1blog, functionerr, db          use strict         iferr throw errcode  p  precode     Register our templating engine     app.enginehtml, cons.swig     app.setview engine, html     app.setviews,dirname  views       Express middleware to populate req.cookies so we can access cookies     app.useexpress.cookieParser       Express middleware to populate req.body so we can access POST variables     app.useexpress.bodyParser       The main page of the blog     app.get, functionreq, res, next             Post.findfunctionerr, posts                   iferr return nexterr                     res.jsonposts                              app.listen8082     console.logExpress server listening on port 8082 codepre  pcodecodep
Negative 802 pI am trying to download a file behind a login using cURL and PHP. I am able to connect to the server and login properly using CURLOPTPOST furthermore, my file downloads properly. However, the contents are corrupted and cannot be opened. On a side note, the file downloads onto the server, how would I use curl to download the file to a users local machine if this tool were ever on a public web server. p  precode     POST data from JSTOR Tool     username  POST[username]     password  POST[password]     start  POST[start]     end  POST[end]     loginUrlhttpswww.jstor.orgactiondoLogin       print Hello username, your articles are downloading.      ch  curlinit     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, httpswww.jstor.orgactiondoLogin     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTUSERAGENT,Mozilla5.0 X11 Linux x8664 AppleWebKit537.36 KHTML, like Gecko Ubuntu Chromium32.0.1700.107 Chrome32.0.1700.107 Safari537.36     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOST, true     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS, login.username.amppassword.password     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, true     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTCOOKIESESSION, true     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTCOOKIEJAR, cookiename       curlsetoptch, CURLOPTCOOKIEFILE, varwwwip4.xfiletmp      answer  curlexecch     if curlerrorch          echo curlerrorch           another request to download the article, but preserves the session      curlsetoptch, CURLOPTURL, httpwww.jstor.orgstablepdf1.pdf     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOST, false     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTPOSTFIELDS,      curlsetoptch, CURLOPTRETURNTRANSFER, 1     curlsetoptch, CURLOPTSSLVERSION,3     data  curlexec ch     printrdata     error  curlerrorch      curlclose ch      destination  .filestest.pdf     file  fopendestination, w     fputsfile, data     fclosefile      print  Did it work codepre  pThanks for the helpp
Negative 802 pIm trying to find a way to vectorize an operation where I take 1 numpy array and expand each element into 4 new points.  Im currently doing it with Python loop.  First let me explain the algorithm.p  precodeinputarray  numpy.array[1, 2, 3, 4] codepre  pI want to expand or extend each element in this array to 4 points.  So, element zero value 1 would be expanded to these 4 pointsp  precode[0, 1, 1, 0] codepre  pThis would happen for each element to end up with a final array ofp  precode[0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 2, 2, 0, 0, 3, 3, 0, 0, 4, 4, 0] codepre  pId like to make the code slightly generic so that I could also perform this expansion in a different way.  For examplep  precodeinputarray  numpy.array[1, 2, 3, 4] codepre  pThis time each point is expanded by adding  .2 to each point.  So, the final array would bep  precode[.8, .8, 1.2, 1.2, 1.8, 1.8, 2.2, 2.2, 2.8, 2.8, 3.2, 3.2, 3.8, 3.8, 4.2, 4.2] codepre  pThe code Im currently using looks like this. Its a pretty naive approach that works but seems like there would be a way to speed it up for large arraysp  precodeoutput  [] for x in inputarray     output.appendexpandPointx  output  numpy.concatenateoutput  def expandPointx     return numpy.array[0, x, x, 0]  def expandPointAlternativeStylex     return numpy.array[x  .2, x  .2, x  .2, x  .2] codepre
Negative 802 pI was wondering why we should use quot or ampldquot over regular string representations of those characters What are these characters called and why would we use them anything else in an html filep  pI would google this myself but I dont even know what these characters are Is it Unicode ASCIIp  pIs it faster to represent quotes and ellipsis this wayp
Negative 802 pI am getting a snapshot of the data from my Firebase database to retrieve a users list, but the order of the keys being returned  is different depending on the Android version device being used.   p  pFor demonstrative purposes I have shortened the method, but it is essentially as follows p  precodepublic void getUsers     Firebase ref  new FirebasehttpsmyFirebaseID.firebaseio.com     final Firebase userRef  ref.childusers      userRef.addListenerForSingleValueEventnew ValueEventListener          Override         public void onDataChangeDataSnapshot snapshot             snapshot.toString                                                                           codepre  pIt is the data I get from calling toString on the snapshot object snapshot.toString that changes order. p  pI have tried it on 4 devices. The 2 running Lollipop Nexus 7 5.1.1 amp Galaxy s4 5.01 return the data in the same order. And the 2 two other devices HTC Sensation 4.0.3 and Motorola G2 4.4.4 return the data in the same order but a different order to devices with Lollipop. p  pThere is no difference in the code used, and the data in the database was completely unchanged at the times when I retrieved the snapshots. p  pstrongemHere is the data order on the 4.4.4 and 4.0.3 devicesemstrong p  precodeDataSnapshot     key  users,    value       114585619420240714499       userIDOfCUser114585619420240714499,       NameOfCUsertestName,       EmailOfCUsertesterfireappgmail.com,       friends         103902248954972338254           userIDOfFriend103902248954972338254,            NameOfFriendtestName2                         codepre  pstrongemHere is the data order on the 5.1.1 and 5.01 devicesemstrong p  precodeDataSnapshot     key  users,    value       114585619420240714499       NameOfCUsertestName,        userIDOfCUser114585619420240714499,        friends         103902248954972338254           NameOfFriendtestName2 ,           userIDOfFriend103902248954972338254                ,        EmailOfCUser testerfireappgmail.com          codepre  pWhy is the data being delivered in different orders depending on the android versiondevice being used is there another difference I am unaware ofp  pstrongEdit  When iterating through the snapshot as follows, the different ordering of the keys still persists accross different versions of Androidstrong p  precodepublic void getUsers2    Firebase ref  new FirebasehttpsmyFirebaseID.firebaseio.com   final Firebase userRef  ref.childusers   userRef.addListenerForSingleValueEventnew ValueEventListener       Override     public void onDataChangeDataSnapshot snapshot          for DataSnapshot keys  snapshot.getChildren              String to temporarily store the whole child of the inidividual users DB node gt It still produces different order of the keys              String tempKey  keys.getValue.toString              The problem persists if I code it like this as well.              String tempKey2  snapshot.childkeys.getKey.getValue.toString                    codepre
Negative 802 pI want to make a GUI command line using the Text widget. For debugging purposes, I am trying to print whatever the user types into the separate GUI window to the system terminal. I know that it is frowned upon to mix GUI and Text Based commands into the same script, but I am just debugging, so forgive me  Here is my codep  precodefrom Tkinter import   main  Tk console  Textmain console.pack   main.mainloop  while True     text  console.get1.0, end1c      printtext codepre  pMy current issue is that when the mainloop starts, of course the while loop doesnt. If I were to move the while loop in front of the mainloop call, it would never call mainloop. I really want it to continuously check for new text.p  pIs there a way to like pause the mainloop, or just carry out the command, maybe on a new thread or somethingp  pI want to avoid using main.after, but if that is the only way, then so be it. op
Negative 802 pI want to find an API  java  that enables the monitoring of the response time and the availability of a given Web service   p  pThanks. p
Negative 802 pJava has this method codegetWidthImageObserver observercode p  pIt returns the Width of an image. This method seems simple enough until you get to the part where an ImageObserver is requiered. What is the purpose of the ImageObserver as a parameter. Is there any other way around this p  pNote that I cant just use an ImageIcon as mentioned here a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions3336558gettingheightandwidthofimageinjavawithoutanimageobserverGetting Height and Width of Image in Java without an ImageObservera  The reason is because I will ultimately be loading my image from a JFileChooser. This is also why I cant just use constants for the Height and Width. I dont know which picture the user will be wanting to use. p  pAlso, I dont feel like I should post my code for these two reasons p  pA My code is not anywhere close to being a SSCCE piece of code a hrefhttpsscce.org relnofollowhttpsscce.orgap  pB This is such a general question that I feel my code would be too specific.p
Negative 802 pI am working on an Umbraco site which references log4net version 1.2.11.0 in Web project and I have BazaarVoice for reviews in BusinessLogic project which references log4net version 1.2.13.0.  I am getting the obvious error below but I dont know how to resolve it.p  blockquote   pCould not load file or assembly log4net, Version1.2.13.0, Cultureneutral, PublicKeyToken669e0ddf0bb1aa2a or one of its dependencies. The located assemblys manifest definition does not match the assembly reference. Exception from HRESULT 0x80131040p blockquote  pSo far I have tried following but hasnt helped.p  ol lipI added this to my web.config p  precodeltdependentAssemblygt ltassemblyIdentity namelog4net publicKeyToken669e0ddf0bb1aa2a     cultureneutralgt ltbindingRedirect oldVersion1.2.11.0 newVersion1.2.13.0 gt ltdependentAssemblygt codepreli lipOther thing I tried is removing references to those assemblies from both of my project and adding this to web.config but did not help eitherp  precodeltdependentAssemblygt     ltassemblyIdentity namelog4net publicKeyToken669e0ddf0bb1aa2a gt     ltcodeBase version1.2.13.0 hrefbinlog4netBVSeoSdkDotNetlog4net.dll gt           ltdependentAssemblygt         ltdependentAssemblygt     ltassemblyIdentity namelog4net publicKeyToken669e0ddf0bb1aa2a    gt     ltcodeBase version1.2.11.0 hrefbinlog4netUmbracolog4net.dll gt   ltdependentAssemblygt codepre  pIn this case if href is runtime location, how would compiler know where to copyreference dll frompli ol
Negative 802 pI want to implement some integer constants which depend on some other integer constants using template specialization, e.g.p  precodemain.cpp includeltcstdintgt  template ltuint64t Dgt struct spaceperelement  static const uint64t bits   template ltgt const uint64t spaceperelementlt2gtbits  1  int main      return  spaceperelementlt2gtbits  codepre  pWhich compiles fine usingp  precodeg stdc11 main.cpp codepre  pBut as soon as I try to split it like this.p  precodeconstants.hpp includeltcstdintgt  template ltuint64t Dgt struct spaceperelement  static const uint64t bits   constants.cpp include constants.hpp  template ltgt const uint64t spaceperelementlt2gtbits  1  main.cpp include constants.hpp  int main      return  spaceperelementlt2gtbits  codepre  pAnd compile it using this.p  precodeg stdc11 main.cpp constants.cpp codepre  pI get the following errorp  precodemain.cpp In function int main main.cpp411 error spaceperelement was not declared in this scope    return  spaceperelementlt2gtbits             main.cpp431 error bits has not been declared    return  spaceperelementlt2gtbits                                 constants.cpp345 error expected initializer before lt token  template ltgt const uint64t spaceperelementlt2gtbits  1 codepre  pFunnily enough, the code works withp  precodeg stdgnu11 main.cpp constants.cpp codepre  porp  precodeclang stdc11 main.cpp constants.cpp codepre  pMy questions now are Which GNUextension is used here Is the code violating the standard If yes how do I implement this code in multiple files only using the standard Would it be considered bad practice from a portability point of view to use codeGNU11code if Clang seems to support the same codep
Negative 802 pHow can I make the display text in devexpress gridcontrols indicator strongboldstrongp  pChanging the indicator cell style here also changes the background color. But I just want to make the indicator cell display text bold, with default background color.         p  precode    e.Appearance.FillRectanglee.Cache, e.Bounds     e.Appearance.DrawStringe.Cache, e.Info.DisplayText, e.Bounds,            new Fonte.Appearance.Font.FontFamily,10,FontStyle.Bold,            new StringFormat     e.Handled  true codepre
Negative 802 pIm trying to use networkx to read in a gml file pretty simple right, except whenever I try to read in the file, I get the error networkx.exception.NetworkXError cannot tokenize ugraph at 3, 1 Im not too familiar with gml or networkx, so I havent been able to diagnose the problem myself.p  pWhats even weirder is that my coworker will run the exact same command with the exact same file, and it will execute without error. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled networkx several times at this point, can anyone help determine what the error could be coming fromp  blockquote   blockquote     blockquote       pimport networkx as nxp              pg  nx.readgmldisciplineNetwork.gmlp              pTraceback most recent call lastp              pFile , line 1, in p              pFile , line 2, in readgmlp              pFile usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnetworkxutilsdecorators.py, line 220, in openfile           result  funcnewargs, kwargsp              pFile usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnetworkxreadwritegml.py, line 210, in readgml           G  parsegmllinesfilterlinespath, label, destringizerp              pFile usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnetworkxreadwritegml.py, line 383, in parsegmllines           graph  parsegraphp              pFile usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnetworkxreadwritegml.py, line 372, in parsegraph           currtoken, dct  parsekvnexttokensp              pFile usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnetworkxreadwritegml.py, line 347, in parsekv           currtoken  nexttokensp              pFile usrlocallibpython2.7distpackagesnetworkxreadwritegml.py, line 323, in tokenize           line[pos], lineno  1, pos  1p              pnetworkx.exception.NetworkXError cannot tokenize ugraph at 3, 1p     blockquote   blockquote blockquote
Negative 802 pWe are querying a really simple table 2 columns, 5 rows in SQL Azure from a SparkScala application running on Azure HDInsights, and it is taking not less than 8 secsp  pI am using the jTDS JDBC driver. I do not see much difference if I run it on the head node 4 cores or worker nodes 8 cores in the cluster. I am allocating all the cluster resources as well. No difference.p  pI also built a simple command line app in C doing the same, ran it on the same server, and it takes 300msp  pHere is the codep  precode CrimeCount.scala  import org.apache.spark.SparkContext import org.apache.spark.SparkContext. import org.apache.spark.SparkConf import org.apache.spark.sql import org.apache.spark.sql. import org.apache.spark.sql.SQLContext import org.apache.spark.rdd.RDD import java.sql.Connection, DriverManager, ResultSet import net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc import net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc. object CrimeCount     def mainargs Array[String]   val t0  System.nanoTime   val currentMillis  java.lang.System.currentTimeMillis   val driver  net.sourceforge.jtds.jdbc.Driver  var connectionString  jdbcjtdssqlserverltservergt.database.windows.net1433databaseNamesparkoutputuserMasterltservergtpasswordltPassgtencrypttruetrustServerCertificatefalsehostNameInCertificate.database.windows.netloginTimeout30 val conf  new SparkConf.setJarsSparkContext.jarOfClassthis.getClass.toSeq.setAppNameCrimeCount   val sc  new SparkContextconf   val sqlContext  new SQLContextsc  import sqlContext.implicits.    val jdbcDF  sqlContext.loadjdbc, Mapdriver gt driver, url gt connectionString, dbtable gt dbo.Person  jdbcDF.printSchema  jdbcDF.show   sc.stop   val t1  System.nanoTime  printlnElapsed time   t1  t01000000  ms    codepre  pEDIT After further investigations today I found that the single Spark context creation val sc  new SparkContextconf  is taking almost 5 secs. Is this excepted on a Spark app We are not making any changes to the configuration of the cluster, and the head node is running on a 4core8GB of ram machine.p  pMany thanks in advance,p  pJosep
Negative 802 pI have 3 tables strongQuestionsstrong, strongAnswersstrong amp strongRatingsstrongp  pI want to join the codeanswerscode table with codequestionscode table where codequestions.id  answers.questionidcode  and coderatingscode table to codeanswerscode table where codeanswers.id  ratings.answeridcodep  pBut it returns codenullcodep  precode allQuestionWithAnswerAndRating  DBtablequestionsgtorderByquestions.id,desc      gtjoin answers, questions.id ,  , answers.questionid      gtwhereanswers.userid,  ,Authusergtid      gtjoin ratings, answers.id ,  , ratings.answerid     gtselect questions.id as id , questions.body as question , answers.body as answer ,answers.userid as userid     gtget codepre  pWhat is wrong with this codep  pThanksp
Negative 802 pIve been using the Parse SDK and its worked just fine but all day today, Ive gotten an error No module Parse.p  pIn build settings, where should my Frame Search Path be Right now I have it pointing to the file where the Frameworks are contained but I also have the frameworks in my project files.p  pHow can I fix this issuep
Negative 802 pI have a Java Swing application and Im embedding an SWT widget to it. Im trying to display an SWT codeShellcode from my AWT codeJFramecode but cannot make it application modal. The codeJFramecode can still be focused and button clicks will register to the EDT. What steps do I take to make the codeShellcode behave like a modal AWT dialogp  pI have read a hrefhttpwww.eclipse.orgarticlesarticle.phpfileArticleSwingSWTIntegrationindex.html relnofollowthis outdated tutoriala but it only explains how to do it if the application is running on the SWT event thread. I also tried to hack this with a modal codeJDialogcode but the behavior is ugly at best. Remove the comments from the minimum working example to demo it. codeSWT.ONTOPcode is troublesome in itself, since ithe codeshellcode will stay on top of every window.p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions6763254showingswtmodaldialogfromawtswingThis questiona did not help.p  pSSCEp  precodepublic class ModalDialogExample extends JFrame   public ModalDialogExample      this.setSize500, 500     this.setDefaultCloseOperationDISPOSEONCLOSE   public static void mainString[] args      JFrame frame  new ModalDialogExample     JButton button  new JButtonCLick me     button.addActionListenernew ActionListener          Override         public void actionPerformedActionEvent e                JDialog modalDialog  new JDialog               modalDialog.setSizenew Dimension0,0               modalDialog.setModalityTypeModalityType.APPLICATIONMODAL             Display display  new Display             Shell shell  new Shelldisplay, SWT.CLOSE  SWT.TITLE  SWT.BORDER  SWT.OK  SWT.ONTOP  SWT.APPLICATIONMODAL             shell.setSize200,200             shell.open             shell.forceActive               modalDialog.setVisibletrue             while shell.isDisposed                  if display.readAndDispatch                     display.sleep                          display.dispose                   frame.getContentPane.addbutton     frame.setVisibletrue   codepre
Negative 802 pCould you tell me how to test below mentioned complex webapi method by using a hrefhttpwww.telerik.comfiddler relnofollowfiddlera or what ever extension  Thanks in advance.p  pstrongemWebApi method emstrongp  precode [HttpPost]  [POSTSponsorsMyFulfilledpledgeIdamount]  public string MyFulfilledint pledgeId, decimal amount, MyConfirmation mp                     code here              return thanks          codepre  pstrongMyConfirmation class strongp  precode public class MyConfirmation                      public string checkoutid  get set           codepre  pstrongemUPDATEemstrongp  pI have used like this.But its not working p  precodepledgeId5ampamount88ampmp checkoutid12  codepre
Negative 802 pHow can I show form errors under the fields instead of the top of the formp  pHow I can make something like thisp  precodelt textinput u, username gt codepre  pto render something like this, if there is an error in this field p  precodeltdiv classfieldwitherrorgt   ltinput typetextgt   ltspan classerrorgtThis username is already takenltspangt ltdivgt codepre
Negative 802 pTrying to move from strongOData v3strong to strongOData v4strong. Why do I keep getting a strong404strong when trying to use strongOData Functionsstrongp  pstrongWeb API Configstrongp  precodeODataModelBuilder builder  new ODataConventionModelBuilder etc builder.EntitySetltLocalizableStringgtLocalizableStringApi etc var getComparitiveTableFunction  builder.EntityTypeltLocalizableStringgt.Collection.FunctionGetComparitiveTable getComparitiveTableFunction.ParameterltstringgtcultureCode getComparitiveTableFunction.ReturnsCollectionltComparitiveLocalizableStringgt etc config.MapODataServiceRouteODataKoreCMS, odatakorecms, builder.GetEdmModel codepre  pstrongC Codestrongp  precode[EnableQueryAllowedQueryOptions  AllowedQueryOptions.All] [HttpGet] [ODataRouteDefault.GetComparitiveTablecultureCodecultureCode]  Tried this, but gets errors and I noticed the function is in the OData model anyway without this, so should be fine. public virtual IHttpActionResult GetComparitiveTable[FromODataUri] string cultureCode       Implementation     return Okquery  codepre  pstrongXML Returned from metadatastrongp  precodeltSchema NamespaceDefaultgt     ltFunction NameGetComparitiveTable IsBoundtruegt         ltParameter NamebindingParameter TypeCollectionKore.Localization.Domain.LocalizableStringgt         ltParameter NamecultureCode TypeEdm.String Unicodefalsegt         ltReturnType TypeCollectionKore.Localization.Models.ComparitiveLocalizableStringgt     ltFunctiongt     ... codepre  pAs you can see, its in the schema  OData model... yet the following query does not workp  precodehttplocalhost30863odatakorecmsLocalizableStringApiDefault.GetComparitiveTablecultureCodeenUS codepre  pI have also tried the followingp  precodehttplocalhost30863odatakorecmsLocalizableStringApiGetComparitiveTablecultureCodeenUS httplocalhost30863odatakorecmsDefault.GetComparitiveTablecultureCodeenUS httplocalhost30863odatakorecmsGetComparitiveTablecultureCodeenUS codepre  pAll of the above result in a strong404strong.p  pSo... what am I doing wrong herep
Negative 802 pI have an entity that contain Parentp  precodepublic class MyObject       Id     private             String          instID       This has to stay String, because GAE doesnt take custom type     Index     Parent     private             RefltPartnergt    ownerRef      Index     private             Date            createdOn  codepre  pWhen I tried query for all of the latest MyObject, by running...p  precodeofy.load      .typeMyObject.class      .ordercreatedOn      .limit10      .list codepre  pI got zero record back...however, if I comment out the .order part, I got the record returned.  I wonder if the order requires ancestor.p  pAnyone knowsp
Negative 802 pI need some advice. I have to choose between sling events or jobs. In documentation it is precisely said that events are distributed to all nodes in cluster, so I could handle it in each one separately and thats ok. p  pBut its stated jobs are more reliable and thats what I want to achieve  reliability.  But theres a catch job can only be executed in one job consumer. Is there some similar mechanism as with events I mean if I could consume job in each cluster node and notify sender about successfailure on each node p
Negative 802 pthats my first time working with Java Fx. p  pWe have 2 balls, one red und blue. The point if the blue ball hits the red one, the position of red ball should change.p  pMy idea We have BooleanProperty j, which value  change  if the blue ball hits the red one.p  pI tried using j.addlistner but it wont work.p  precode         import javafx.animation.KeyFrame           import javafx.animation.Timeline           import javafx.application.Application           import javafx.beans.property.BooleanProperty           import javafx.beans.property.DoubleProperty           import javafx.beans.property.SimpleBooleanProperty           import javafx.beans.property.SimpleDoubleProperty           import javafx.beans.value.ChangeListener            import javafx.beans.value.ObservableValue            import javafx.event.EventHandler             import javafx.scene.Group              import javafx.scene.Scene              import javafx.scene.control.Button              import javafx.scene.input.KeyCode              import javafx.scene.paint.Color              import javafx.scene.shape.Circle              import javafx.stage.Stage              import javafx.scene.input.KeyEvent              import javafx.scene.layout.FlowPane              import javafx.util.Duration                 public class Snake extends Application                  Circle apfel                private Button button                double x                double y                double a                double b                 private FlowPane pane                 DoubleProperty centerX  new SimpleDoubleProperty                 DoubleProperty centerY new SimpleDoubleProperty                 Circle head                 Group alles                 Timeline spiel                  BooleanProperty j  new SimpleBooleanPropertyfalse  void set     Double q   Math.random500     x  q     Double w   Math.random500     y  w          void checkForCollision        if centerX.get apfel.getCenterX  centerY.getapfel.getCenterY         j.settrue                          void initialize      centerX.setValue250     centerY.setValue250    Override public void startStage stage throws Exception      set     initialize     head  new Circle 0,0,5,Color.BLUE     apfel  new Circle x,y,5,Color.RED     button  new ButtonButton     pane  new FlowPane     pane.getChildren.addAllhead, apfel,button     spiel  new Timeline                                new KeyFramenew Duration1,t gt                   checkForCollision                                spiel.play       alles  new Group             head,             apfel,             button                   alles.setOnKeyPressedk gt      ifk.getCodeKeyCode.UP         centerY.setValuecenterY.getValue1             ifk.getCodeKeyCode.DOWN         centerY.setValuecenterY.getValue1           ifk.getCodeKeyCode.LEFT         centerX.setValuecenterX.getValue1             ifk.getCodeKeyCode.RIGHT         centerX.setValuecenterX.getValue1          head.centerXProperty.bindcenterX head.centerYProperty.bindcenterY  j.addListenernew ChangeListenerltBooleangt         Override     public void changedObservableValuelt extends Booleangt arg0,             Boolean arg1, Boolean arg2          set         apfel.setCenterXx         apfel.setCenterYy          Scene scene  new Scenealles, 500, 500 scene.setFillColor.BLACK stage.setScenescene stage.setTitleSnake stage.show   public static void main String [] args  Application.launchargs                           codepre
Negative 802 pHm using Tinymce as text editor when creating email templates. When Ive added a template with Tinymce I would like to render the content inside a div. The content in the div shall look exactly like it does in Tinymce.p  pWhat is the easiest way to accomplish thisp  pKind regard  Hp
Negative 802 pSmall query generally. If one got Mule EE with Cloudhub edition licence. MMC will come by default included in it or required to get the separate licencing for that.p  pIf that is the case, what would be the deployment. Are we need to deploy the application separately  both in cloudhub and also in MMC. p  pElse MMC can be used only with standalone servers.p
Negative 802 pI am using a 2 dimensional boolean array to check where an entity is inside of my 2D side scroller as well as for collision. I know I am not looking for how high or low an entity away is and that is intentional. When I run this code it says the closest entity is 15 cells away. However, when I run my code it says the closest entity away is 15 blocks. Also when I print out distanceX it prints out the following 9 0 0 2 2 15 9 0 0 2 2 15. I dont know why it wont register 9 as the closest even though thats is the first closest distance it recieves. p  pI cant post pictures yet however the reason 0,0,2, and 2 get printed is because I have 4 rectangles in all four corners of my player that are considered true in the grid so it detects the two on top of eachother and the other 2 or 2 spots away in the grid. Since I cant upload pictures try to see what I mean with this image i made. a hrefhttpslh3.googleusercontent.comOLSDPshjeU0YMahcmc0MDkNocBMoG7iN2xFTeFsQ8mAfFsEPD8NBqXP4ENoN4YWmfUQs114 relnofollowhttpslh3.googleusercontent.comOLSDPshjeU0YMahcmc0MDkNocBMoG7iN2xFTeFsQ8mAfFsEPD8NBqXP4ENoN4YWmfUQs114ap  pThanks for any helpp  precodeLoop through my grid of booleans      for int x  0 x lt map.getMapGrid.length x          for int y  0 y lt map.getMapGrid.length y              For comparison             Long distance  Long.MAXVALUE              The second part of the if statement is to make sure it is checking for              entities that arent the floor, therefor one above the grid position of the player             if map.getMapGrid[x][y] ampamp y gt Player player.getGridPositionLeft.y  1                  distanceX  where something true was found x  where the player is in the grid                  Ex  1  4  3, there is an entity 3 away                 distanceX  Math.absintx  Player player.getGridPositionLeft.x                   if the distance of the entity from the player is less then the comparison variable,                  the closest entity x coordinate is distanceX                 ifdistanceX lt distance                     closestCoord.x  distanceX                     closestCoord.y  0                                                  return closestCoord  codepre
Negative 802 pI am trying to write content from an XML document to an empty HTML page using JavaScript when the page loads. My javaScript codep  precodevar main  function       document.readyfunction           articles         display the articles by parsing the texts function articles       XMLHttpRequest.openGET, projects.xml, false     XMLHttpRequest.send     var XMLDoc  XMLHttpRequest.responseXML           var x  XMLDoc.getElementsByTagNamearticle[0]         for i  0 i lt x.length i               var a  x[i].getAttributecatagory             if a  hardware                  document.writeltpgtlth2gtHardwarelth2gtltpgt                 document.writeltpgtlth3gt                 document.writex[i].childNodes[1].nodeValue                 document.writelth3gt                 document.writex[i].childNodes[2].nodeValue                 document.writeltpgt                 if i  0                      var summery  x[i].childNodes[2].nodeValue                     var img  document.createElementimg                     var loc  x[i].childNodes[0]                     summery.insertBeforeimg, summery.childNodes[0]                     img.setAttributesrc, loc, alt, image not found                                  else                      document.createElementimg                     var loc  x[i].childNodes[0]                     img.setAttributesrc, loc, alt, image not found                                     document.readymain codepre  pThe XML document is set up with Projects as the page tag, several article tags with a category attribute and each with child nodes where the content is located. I am not sure where I went wrong. I want to be able to only append the XML file so that the JavaScript code constructs the page each time it is called. So far it acts like the JavaScript  or the XML files dont exist and all that loads is the blank html page.p
Negative 802 pI would like to save date of a webview when you have connection, like this you can see the webview whe you have no connection. Thanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pI have a navigation form with a research area and a thumbnail area showing differents details according to the criteria taped.p  pFor instance, the user taps the name of a company lets say Abidas and press emsearchem, that creates a SQL query affected to a String. This SQL query is then assigned and adapted to the emRecordSourceem variable of each thumbnail one thumbnail for the contacts at Abidas, another one with the finances of Abidas....p  pThe SQL query works fine but each time the users moves from one thumbnail to another. For instance, if you are on the emcontactem thumbnail and you go to the emFinancesem thumbnail Access would ask emWould you want to save the Form contactsem translated from French UI. p  pDoes anyone knows a way to stop this message from appearing Maybe there is an easier way to show the results of the searchp  pThanksp
Negative 802 pMy problem consists mainly of ignorance towards the different linux commands. Ive run into a wall as Im at a loss of words to correctly look up the commands I need.p  pHowever, Id like to take the string that schemer github.comthefryscorerschemer outputs and insert it into my Terminator config at the line which starts with palette, replacing the existing info.p  pThe purpose is to set this to run at intervals to keep my cycling wallpaper list updated with my bash colors.p  pIf you could point me towards a place to learn of such automation and usage of commands, Id be grateful.p
Negative 802 pI am trying to use the Angular UI modal with a custom template. Whenever I try to click it, I get an angular error that it cannot find the template. Right not I have the controller file and template html file in the same folder. What path do I use to access the html template for the modalp
Negative 802 pI need to automate a backup of some data from my database in SQL Server through bat file using a sql server command similar do mysql dump.p  pI already tried this with a bat filep  precodeecho off  cd CUsersAdministratorDesktop sqlcmd i testequery.sql S localhost d xxx U sa P xxx o TestResults.txt codepre  pBut the result isnt in SQLp  blockquote   pRAFILIAL RAMAT RANOME                        RAITEM        RAADMISSA RADEMISSA RASITFOLHp      hr      p0100      000677 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  10101001       19990607br   0100      000989 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  10101001       20111003   20150410   D p blockquote  pI would like something in SQL style, to use that dump in another system with MySQLp  precodeinsert into table xxx values xxx  codepre  pis that possible p  pThanks in advance p
Negative 802 pThese are AngularUI Bootstrap popovers, which are written in Angular instead of jQuery.p  pI have a popover in a a hrefhttpplnkr.coeditH1aeQu9ifBe0zyMzC845ppreview relnofollowplnkra that is working, but its positioning is messed up.  It is being cut in half by the page.p  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.coml8x4h.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.coml8x4h.png altenter image description hereap  pWhen I inspect the popovers CSS, I see some code which doesnt make any sense to me.  I understand what its doing, but where are these codeelement.stylecode properties coming from  They seem to be the problem.p  precodeelement.style    top 139px   left 112px   display block   .popover    position absolute   top 0   left 0   zindex 1060   display none   maxwidth 276px   padding 1px   fontfamily Helvetica Neue,Helvetica,Arial,sansserif   fontsize 14px   fontstyle normal   fontweight 400   lineheight 1.42857143   textalign left   textalign start   textdecoration none   textshadow none   texttransform none   letterspacing normal   wordbreak normal   wordspacing normal   wordwrap normal   whitespace normal   backgroundcolor fff   webkitbackgroundclip paddingbox   backgroundclip paddingbox   border 1px solid ccc   border 1px solid rgba0,0,0,.2   borderradius 6px   webkitboxshadow 0 5px 10px rgba0,0,0,.2   boxshadow 0 5px 10px rgba0,0,0,.2   linebreak auto  codepre  pThere isnt even a scroll option available.  Is there a way to position a popover so that the entirety of it appears on the page, regardless of where the button isp
Negative 802 pIm using Angular 1.3.15 and I want to prevent the client code to go into an infinite error loop by handling exceptions properly.p  pIm using a hrefhttpsgetsentry.com relnofollowSentrya for reporting exceptions, but Im not communicating with Sentry from the client code. Instead Im reporting exceptions from the client code to a Web API using XHR, which then reports it to Sentry.p  pWhat happened few days ago was that someone visited our site on FireFox 10, so the client code went into an infinite error loop because of badly supported JavaScript, so it literally spammedDoSd our API with exceptions. Our API is behind NetScaler so we decided to set up a ratelimiter, and if the requests hit the ratelimiter we now return a 503 HTTP status code emService Unavailableem.p  pThe error looked something like thisp  blockquote   p[object Object],[object Object],void 0StaticScriptsappvendorangulartranslateangulartranslate.min.js6       applyDirectivesToNode[object Array],[object HTMLAnchorElement],[object Object],void 0,void 0,null,[object   Array],[object Array],[object   Object]StaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7498       compileNodes[object Proxy],void 0StaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7040       compileNodes[object Proxy],void 0StaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7054       compileNodes[object Proxy],void 0StaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7054       compileNodes[object Proxy],void 0StaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7054       compileNodes[object Proxy],void 0StaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7054       compileNodes[object Object],void 0,[object Object],void 0,void 0,nullStaticScriptsappvendorangularangular.js7054   ...p blockquote  pNow to the problem. I want to implement a proper exception handling in the client code, so it continues to report errors to the APISentry, but if it receives HTTP 503 status code response, it should immediately stop script execution and halt.p  pSo I tried to implement an codeexceptionHandlercode decorator in my Angular module configp  precode Flag indicating that the JavaScript execution should be stopped and Sentry should NOT be notified var stopExecution  false  provide.decoratorexceptionHandler, [delegate, functiondelegate      return functionexception, cause          delegateexception, cause          ifstopExecution return           Call Sentry and report the exception         SentryServiceProvider.get.captureExceptionexception             .errorfunction data, status, headers, config                  ifstatus  503                      ifstopExecution return                     stopExecution  true                     throw new ErrorGOT AN 503 ERROR FROM API, STOPPING EXECUTION                                    ] codepre  pMy codecaptureExceptioncode function in SentryServiceProvider just calls the API with a POST request and sends the exception message and stack trace in a JSON object as a payload, and returns a http promise.p  precodesentryService.captureException  function ex      return http.postAPIURL  sentry,  Message ex.message, StackTrace ex.stack   codepre  pNow the problem is because its in an infinite loop, it never goes to the codeerrorcode callback and keeps spamming the API forever. How could I do this to prevent infinite error loops in my client code, so it halts when the API says sop
Negative 802 pI have a process under Linux consisting of two threads, one producer and one consumer. For simplicity, assume this is the only process running in the system on a singlecore, singleCPU architecture.p  pThe producer is created first and is manually assigned a codeSCHEDRRcode scheduling policy with codeschedsetscheduler0, SCHEDRR, ampparamscode. After some time, the consuming thread is created too. As its created after codeschedsetschedulercode has been called for the producer, it does not have the same codeSCHEDRRcode scheduling policy set.p  pUnder this situation, I am trying to understand the effects of codeschedyieldcode from the producer once one element is produced.p  pThere are two possibilities, but I am not sure which one is truep  ol lithe consumer strongmaystrong be scheduled for execution before the producer runs againli lithe consumer strongcannotstrong be scheduled for execution because it is not being run with the codeSCHEDRRcode scheduling policy strongandstrong the producer did not complete its assigned quantum time or did not codesleepcode. In which case codeyieldcode might  have negative effects, as its called for nothing.li ol
Negative 802 pGiven any two or more timezones, I would like to convert the local time in any timezone to any other such that the time representation accurately represents any local alterations DST, etc that each timezone has in effect.p  pSpecifically, if some of the timezones I provide happen to deal with DST considerations, I need to detect and catch this such that the appropriate recalculations will automatically be made  for example, that the output for those timezones is automatically adjusted forward or backward by one hour.p  pI want to do all of this from the shell, if possible, preferably using portable techniques I was considering handing off the heavy lifting to codedatecode, but Im not sure how to have it perform relative timezoneaccurate calculation, especially in a way thats crossplatform to at least Linux and BSD.p
Negative 802 pI have gone thru this solution,but it covers in a single level of nesting, my requirement is thru multilevel of nesting and putting the values in the same row p  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions21413978convertanxmlfiletocsvfileusingjavaConvert an XML file to CSV file using javaap  pI have this format of input of xml below .p  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltCstmrCdtTrfInitngt   ltGrpHdrgt     ltMsgIdgtABC123ltMsgIdgt     ltNbOfTxsgt1000ltNbOfTxsgt     ltInitgPtygt       ltNmgtABCltNmgt     ltInitgPtygt     ltPmtInfgt       ltDbtrAcctgt         ltIdgt           ltOthrgt             ltIdgt00000007010ltIdgt           ltOthrgt         ltIdgt       ltDbtrAcctgt     ltPmtInfgt   ltGrpHdrgt ltCstmrCdtTrfInitngt codepre  pMy style.xsl below I tried p  precodeltxml version1.0gt ltxslstylesheet version1.0 xmlnsxslhttpwww.w3.org1999XSL  Transform xmlnsfohttpwww.w3.org1999XSLFormat gt ltxsloutput methodtext omitxmldeclarationyes indentnogt ltxsltemplate matchgt MsgId,NbOfTxs,Nm,ID ltxslforeach selectCstmrCdtTrfInitngt ltxslvalueof selectconcatMsgId,NbOfTxs,,,Nm,,,ID,ampxAgt ltxslforeachgt ltxsltemplategt ltxslstylesheetgt codepre  pI am getting the nm and ID in another row,p  pMy code below p  precodeclass Xml2Csv       public static void mainString args[] throws Exception          File stylesheet  new Filesrcmainresourcesstyle.xsl         File xmlSource  new Filesrcmainresourcesdata.xml          DocumentBuilderFactory factory   DocumentBuilderFactory.newInstance         DocumentBuilder builder  factory.newDocumentBuilder         Document document  builder.parsexmlSource          StreamSource stylesource  new StreamSourcestylesheet         Transformer transformer  TransformerFactory.newInstance                 .newTransformerstylesource         Source source  new DOMSourcedocument         Result outputTarget  new StreamResultnew Filetmpx.csv         transformer.transformsource, outputTarget       codepre  pI would need output like below in CSV p  precodeMsgId,NbOfTxs,NmInside the InitgPty tag ,IDInside the other tag  as the header   ABC123,1000,ABC,00000007010 as values codepre  h1in a single rowh1
Negative 802 pI am using embedded Jetty with Guice and am wondering the best way to handle serving my single page application.p  pI wish for Jetty to handle requests like so in priority orderp  ul lipcodesocketcode must be handled by the websocket servletpli lipcodefsreadcode, anything that matches this url I need to be handled by a custom servletpli licodecode, anything that matches this url should be served from the codewebcode on the classpath of my Java application assuming it isnt handled by the above. If the resource does not exist, then it serves codewebindex.htmlcodeli ul  pNow I am wondering the best way to handle this It seems heavy handed to use a REST framework as I dont really have any rest services.p  pHere is currently how I am setting up Jettyp  precodeServletHolder servletHolder  new ServletHolderDefaultServlet.class  ServletContextHandler servletContextHandler  new ServletContextHandlerserver, , ServletContextHandler.SESSIONS servletContextHandler.addFilterGuiceFilter.class, , EnumSet.allOfDispatcherType.class servletContextHandler.addServletservletHolder,   ResourceHandler resHandler  new ResourceHandler resHandler.setBaseResourceResource.newClassPathResourceweb server.setHandlerresHandler codepre  pHere is my Guice codeServletModulecodep  precodeservesocket.withWebSocketManagerServlet.class servefsread.withMyCustomServlet.class codepre  pHowever, I am not sure how to do the last rule where it redirects anything not matched to codeindex.htmlcode and still have jetty send out the right headers which the correct mime types for codecssjshtmlcode, etc. Jetty also probably does some memory mapping and fancy things to serve these quickly which Id like to maintain.p
Negative 802 pIn Objective C how should I write a Double Nested Response Body along the form p  precodemsrequest          user              apikey,               username,               password                           codepre  hr  pI know how to do it for one object, but double nesting the objects has me stumped.p  pHere is what I have so farp  precode NSArray loginDetails  [self authenticationHelper]  NSDictionary tmp  [[NSDictionary alloc] initWithObjectsAndKeys                      [loginDetails objectAtIndex0], password,                      [loginDetails objectAtIndex1], username,                      [loginDetails objectAtIndex2], apikey,                      nil] NSError error NSData postdata  [NSJSONSerialization dataWithJSONObjecttmp options0 erroramperror]  NSMutableURLRequest request  [[NSMutableURLRequest alloc] initWithURL  [NSURL URLWithStringautheticationURL]]  [request setHTTPMethodPOST]     [request setHTTPBodypostdata] codepre
Negative 802 pOkay, I am not sure how to describe this. I have made a Class called ScreenAreas that defines specific areas on the screen. Later on, I am drawing these ScreenAreas.p  pWhat I would like to do, is to couple Paint attributes Color, strokeWidth, Shaddowsettings, etc to these ScreenAreas, in such a way, that I dont have to reset all these attributes, when drawing them again.p  pThis is my ScreenArea Class     import android.graphics.Canvas     import android.graphics.Paintp  precodepublic class ScreenArea   private int xMin private int yMin private int xMax private int yMax private Paint paint  public ScreenAreaint x1, int x2, int y1, int y2, Paint paint      this.setXMinx1     this.setXMaxx2     this.setYMiny1     this.setYMaxy2     this.paint  paint     I removed the getters and setters for clarity  public void drawCanvas canvas     canvas.drawRectthis.xMin, this.yMin, this.xMax, this.yMax, this.paint   codepre  pAnd in my main Class I am constructing them usingp  precodepaint.setColorColor.rgb10,10,10 area1  new ScreenArea              0,             0,             100,             100,             paint  paint.setColorColor.rgb100,100,100 area2  new ScreenArea             20,              20,              80,              80,             paint codepre  pWhen I try to draw them, I simply dop  precodearea1.drawcanvas area2.drawcanvas codepre  pBoth of the areas will be given the same color, though. In fact they are given the last color used. Probably, this is because the Paint objects in the ScreenArea are simply pointing to the same Paint object in the main Class. The question is, how to solve this problemp  pAnyonep
Negative 802 pI have an Table somewhere in my HTML and an Pagination that loads the next page with ajax.  While loading the data i want to overlay an div with an Bootstrap progressbar.p  pdiv classsnippet datalangjs datahidefalse div classsnippetcode pre classsnippetcodejs langjs prettyprintoverridecodefunction loadingTabledivID   var html   ltdiv classtableloadingoverlaygt   ltdiv classtableloadinginnergt  ltdiv classcolxs4 colxsoffset4gt  ltdiv classprogressgt   ltdiv classprogressbar progressbarstriped progressbarstreit active roleprogressbar ariavaluenow100 ariavaluemin0 ariavaluemax100 stylewidth 100gt          ltspan classsronlygtLoading...ltspangt      ltdivgt      ltdivgt   ltdivgt   ltdivgt   ltdivgt   divID.appendhtml  function prevPage function nextPagecodepre pre classsnippetcodecss langcss prettyprintoverridecode.tableloadinginner      width 100     height 100  .tableloadingoverlay      width 100     height 100     position relative     display block     zindex 10     background  000000     zindex 100     opacity 0.5 codepre pre classsnippetcodehtml langhtml prettyprintoverridecodeltscript srchttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.5jsbootstrap.min.jsgtltscriptgt ltlink hrefhttpsmaxcdn.bootstrapcdn.combootstrap3.3.5cssbootstrap.min.css relstylesheetgt ltscript srchttpsajax.googleapis.comajaxlibsjquery1.11.0jquery.min.jsgtltscriptgt     ltdiv iduserListgt lttable classtable tablestriped tablehovergt lttheadgt lttrgt ltthgtNameltthgt ltthgtStatusltthgt lttrgt lttheadgt lttbodygt lttrgt                   lttdgtTest 1lttdgt                   lttdgtactivelttdgt                   lttrgt                       lttrgt                   lttdgtTest 2lttdgt                   lttdgtactivelttdgt                   lttrgt                       lttrgt                   lttdgtTest 3lttdgt                   lttdgtactivelttdgt                   lttrgt lttrgt                   lttdgtTest 4lttdgt                   lttdgtactivelttdgt                   lttrgt lttrgt                   lttdgtTest 5lttdgt                   lttdgtactivelttdgt                   lttrgt  lttbodygt lttablegt ltdivgt ltspan stylefloatrightgt 10 Users lti classfa falistgtltigtltspangt ltdivgt ltdiv classpaginatorgt   ltspan classbtn btndefault onclickprevPageloadingTableuserListgt prevltspangt   ltspan classbtn btndefault  onclicknextPageloadingTableuserListgtnextltspangt ltdivgt ltdivgt codepre div div p  pHow do I get the codetableloadingoverlaycode over the table As the Table can be everywhere in the HTML I cant use absolute position...p
Negative 802 pI have a bit a difficult situation. I am using jersey to provide REST services.p  pIn my runtime I do this with version 1.16.0p  precoderestClasspath org.codehaus.jacksonjacksoncoreasl1.9.2, org.codehaus.jacksonjacksonmapperasl1.9.2, com.sun.jerseyjerseycore1.16.0, com.sun.jerseyjerseyserver1.16.0,  codepre  pThis is my resource classp  precodeimport javax.ws.rs.GET import javax.ws.rs.Path import javax.ws.rs.PathParam import javax.ws.rs.Produces import javax.ws.rs.core.MediaType import javax.ws.rs.core.Response  import ....model.DecisionTree import ...model.TestDataProvider  Pathnewrest public class NewPublicAPIRestResource     GET   ProducesMediaType.APPLICATIONJSON   Pathpppparam   public Response getHelloPathParamparam String treeName        DecisionTree tree  TestDataProvider.createDecisionTree       return Response.oktree.build       codepre  pThis works and I get a json response as expected.p  pNow I found about a hrefhttpsjersey.java.netprojectinfo2.7jerseyprojectprojectjerseytestframeworkproviderinmemorydependencies.html relnofollowjerseytestframeworka which provides an in memory server for integration tests.p  pUnfortunately this only seems to work with jersey 2.x, so I added an extra gradle setting for my testsp  precodetestClasspath org.glassfish.jersey.corejerseycommon2.7, org.glassfish.jersey.corejerseyserver2.7, org.glassfish.jersey.corejerseyclient2.7, org.glassfish.hk2hk22.2.0, org.glassfish.jersey.testframework.providersjerseytestframeworkproviderinmemory2.7,       codepre  pAnd this is my test classp  precodeimport org.glassfish.jersey.server.ResourceConfig import org.glassfish.jersey.test.JerseyTest import org.junit.Test     import ...resource.NewPublicAPIRestResource  public class ConditionNodeTest extends JerseyTest      Override     protected Application configure          return new ResourceConfigNewPublicAPIRestResource.class           Test     public void test          System.out.printlntargetnewrestpppparam.request.getString.class       codepre  pThis setup does work, as long as my resource returns codeStringcode. However, as soon as I return a codeResponsecode, as shown in my code here, I get this errorp  precodejavax.ws.rs.ProcessingException Serverside request processing failed with an error.     ...     at org.glassfish.jersey.internal.Errors.processErrors.java228     at org.glassfish.jersey.process.internal.RequestScope.runInScopeRequestScope.java424     at org.glassfish.jersey.client.JerseyInvocation.invokeJerseyInvocation.java667     at org.glassfish.jersey.client.JerseyInvocationBuilder.methodJerseyInvocation.java396     at org.glassfish.jersey.client.JerseyInvocationBuilder.getJerseyInvocation.java296     at ....model.ConditionNodeTest.testConditionNodeTest.java39     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0Native Method     at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invokeNativeMethodAccessorImpl.java62     at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invokeDelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java43     at java.lang.reflect.Method.invokeMethod.java497     ...     at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runParentRunner.java309     ... Caused by org.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.MessageBodyProviderNotFoundException MessageBodyWriter not found for media typeapplicationjson, typeclass ....model.DecisionTree, genericTypeclass ....model.DecisionTree.     at org.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.WriterInterceptorExecutorTerminalWriterInterceptor.aroundWriteToWriterInterceptorExecutor.java247     at org.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.WriterInterceptorExecutor.proceedWriterInterceptorExecutor.java162     at org.glassfish.jersey.server.internal.JsonWithPaddingInterceptor.aroundWriteToJsonWithPaddingInterceptor.java103     at org.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.WriterInterceptorExecutor.proceedWriterInterceptorExecutor.java162     at org.glassfish.jersey.server.internal.MappableExceptionWrapperInterceptor.aroundWriteToMappableExceptionWrapperInterceptor.java88     at org.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.WriterInterceptorExecutor.proceedWriterInterceptorExecutor.java162     at org.glassfish.jersey.message.internal.MessageBodyFactory.writeToMessageBodyFactory.java1154     at org.glassfish.jersey.server.ServerRuntimeResponder.writeResponseServerRuntime.java571     at org.glassfish.jersey.server.ServerRuntimeResponder.processResponseServerRuntime.java378     at org.glassfish.jersey.server.ServerRuntimeResponder.processServerRuntime.java368     at org.glassfish.jersey.server.ServerRuntime1.runServerRuntime.java262     ... 44 more codepre  pFrom what I can tell I am missing some provider that parses my classes into json, but I just cannot figure out which one. I tried adding a few libs to my classpath like p  precodeorg.glassfish.jersey.mediajerseymediajaxb2.16 org.glassfish.jersey.mediajerseymediajsonjackson2.7 codepre  pand several others I cannot remember, but did not get it working.p  pAny ideas what I am missing herep  pThanks, Svenp
Negative 802 pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comsCJGI.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsCJGI.png altenter image description hereap  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comwsUzB.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comwsUzB.png altenter image description hereap  pWho can help me to modify the CSS code to complete the effect of figure 1 to figure 2,I want to figure a text box set as figure 2 styles, I should how to modify the CSS code.     The following is a CSS and HTML code.p  precode .username         margintop 10px         width 280px         height48px         backgroundcolor green            .blanline         width 280px         height23px         backgroundcolor F0FFFF           .password         width 280px         height48px         backgroundcolor green          div input,button         width 100         height 100         fontsize 25px           ltdiv classusernamegt                                 ltinput typetext idusername nameusernamegt                             ltdivgt                             ltdiv classblanlinegtltdivgt                             ltdiv classpasswordgt                                 ltinput typepassword idpassword namepasswordgt                             ltdivgt codepre  pWho can help me ,i will be grate for you.p
Negative 802 pI wrote a java program in Eclipse which writes 30 million lines to a file. The first time i ran this code, the time taken to write to the textfilefoo.txt took approximately 104 seconds.br I deleted the textfilefoo.txt, which i had written the lines to, and ran the program again. This time it took 61 seconds.  p  pI continued this process and the time taken for writing to the file kept decreasing each time i ran the program. The recorded time to write to the file turned out to be as follows  p  pIn seconds,approx valuesbr 10461392518161616...p  pWhat i observed is that the time taken to write to the textfilefoo.txt kept decreasing until it became constant at around 16 seconds.  p  pMy java code is as follows  p  precodeimport java.io.File   import java.io.FileWriter   import java.io.IOException import java.io.Writer import java.util.ArrayList import java.util.List  public class fileWrite    private static int filesz  30000000   private static final String line  Help I am a chinese guy trapped in a fortune cookie factory   No offense meant to any Chinese person, i apologise in advance if i have hurt your feelings.    private static void writeListltStringgt list, Writer writerthrows IOException      long start   System.currentTimeMillis     forString listel list         writer.writelistel          writer.flush     writer.close     long end  System.currentTimeMillis     System.out.printlnendstart1000f  seconds   public static void mainString[] args      try         File file  new Filefoo.txt         iffile.exists             file.createNewFile                  FileWriter writer  new FileWriterfile.getAbsolutePath         ListltStringgt records  new ArrayListltStringgtfilesz         forint i  0iltfileszi             records.addline                  writerecords,writer          catchException ex         ex.printStackTrace       codepre  pp  pQuestions i would like to ask are  p  pWhy did the time taken to write to the file become constantbr Is the time decrease related to the cache somehow  p  pI would be really grateful if someone could shed light on what is happening behind the scenes. Any links which explain the working of the system in detail would be welcome too.  p  pThank you in advance.p
Negative 802 pIf I have the following dataframe...p  precode  X1      X2 1 a12254 b7052862 2 a12130 b7052862 3  a7884 b7052862 4   a841 b7052862 5  a3486 b7052862 6 a11986 b7052862 codepre  pHow can I transform it to the following.p  precodea     b 1 12254 7052862 2 12130 7052862 3  7884 7052862 4   841 7052862 5  3486 7052862 6 11986 7052862 codepre
Negative 802 pI suppose before even requesting help, I should mention that this one of the various exercises in my Computer Science course to help us further understand how to pull inputs from files and such. Any help is appreciated, whether its direct give it all away answers or pseudocodetype responses. So, heres the prompt.p  blockquote   pWrite a C program that reads lists from a file and reports the name, size, mean if appropriate, and second largest number if appropriate for each list and reports the list name and sum of the list with the largest sum. The file to be read consists of  a file sentinel, a number not equal to any of the list sentinels... then  zero or more of a list sentinel, a number not equal to any value in this list   the list name, readable as a C STL string zero or more list values separated by whitespace the list sentinel then the file sentinel.p blockquote  pIt includes an example, and heres what the example shows.p  blockquote   p31 17.3 FIRST 26.2 11.2 8.1 17.3 0.0 SECOND 0.0 31p blockquote  pEXPECTED OUTPUT p  blockquote   pFirst size is 3, mean is 7.7, second largest value is 8.1.  Second size is 0. First has the largest sum of the lists with 23.1.p blockquote  pSorry, I know its all sort of confusing. Im pretty confused myself, but thats a college course for ya. So, anyways, here is what Ive got so farp  precodeinclude ltiostreamgt  include ltstringgt  include ltfstreamgt using namespace std  int main       loop once per file       stop if filename string is end or done      while true          string filename         cout ltlt Enter filename or end to quit          cin gtgt filename          if filename  end  filename  done                      break                     open the file          ifstream infilefilename         cout ltlt Processing  ltlt filename ltlt , please wait...n            processing just if file is opened          if infile                         count the number of lists             int numLists  0             int x   0             infile gtgt x              while infile.fail                              numLists                   read one list                  while x  31                                      infile gtgt x                                   infile gtgt x                           cout ltlt filename ltlt  contains  ltlt numLists ltlt  lists.n                codepre  pSo, my output is working so far concerning determining how many lists are in each file, however, Ive tried several things to get the sum and the mean of the lists, but I just dont know how to store the values per list, per file. Ive thought about arrays, or vectors, but I just really dont know. Id appreciate any help anyone could offer. Pleasep
Negative 802 pAlright, I give up. Im 2 days into this error and I need help.p  pDisclaimer I will need help improving this question and will try to do a good job of describing the issue at hand, what I have done so far to address the issue, and share blog posts and the documentation that I have read in search of a solution.p  pThe Question also, asked below in context p  blockquote   pSo the question is, why does the same query behave differently when   run from Rails instead of from the mysql command line Specifically,   where is utf8generalci,COERCIBLE coming fromp blockquote  pThe Problem codeAutoresponder.findbykeyword code fails with the following errorp  precodeActiveRecordStatementInvalid Mysql2Error Illegal mix of collations  utf8mb4unicodeci,IMPLICIT and utf8generalci,COERCIBLE  for operation   SELECT  autoresponders.  FROM autoresponders   WHERE autoresponders.keyword    LIMIT 1 codepre  pcodeAutorespondercode is a model that has the attribute codekeywordcodep  pI read that I needed to specify my collation. So I tested out the following codep  precodeAutoresponder.wherekeyword collate utf8mb4unicodeci  ,  codepre  pand got the following errorp  precodeIllegal mix of collations  utf8mb4unicodeci,EXPLICIT and utf8generalci,COERCIBLE  for operation   SELECT autoresponders.  FROM autoresponders   WHERE keyword collate utf8mb4unicodeci   codepre  pAll that did was change the collation from IMPLICIT to EXPLICIT.p  pI tried running the query in Sequel Pro and it worked with and without the collate keyword. For claritys sake heres the queryp  precodeSELECT autoresponders.  FROM autoresponders   WHERE keyword collate utf8mb4unicodeci    SELECT autoresponders.  FROM autoresponders   WHERE keyword    codepre  pAND it works The queries ran without errors. I also ran codemysqlcode and was able to run the query there too. But I noticed something when I pasted the query into the codemysqlcode command line. It automatically used the Unicode name for the character instead of the actual character. Here is the query as observed in the mysql command linep  precodeSELECT autoresponders.  FROM autoresponders   WHERE keyword collate utf8mb4unicodeci U1F615 codepre  pThis query works.p  pSo the question is, why does the same query fail in Rails but work in Sequel Pro Specifically, where is utf8generalci,COERCIBLE coming from, and how do I fix this mess p  pI thought that it might be coming from ActiveRecord, but running codeActiveRecordBase.connection.collationcode in rails console returns codeutf8mb4unicodecicodep  pHere are my db character encoding and collation variables and the query that retrieved them.p  precodeSHOW VARIABLES WHERE Variablename LIKE characterset OR Variablename LIKE collation charactersetclient        utf8mb4 charactersetconnection    utf8mb4 charactersetdatabase      utf8mb4 charactersetfilesystem    binary charactersetresults       utf8mb4 charactersetserver        latin1 charactersetsystem        utf8 collationconnection        utf8mb4unicodeci collationdatabase          utf8mb4unicodeci collationserver            latin1swedishci codepre  pHere is the create syntax for the Autorsponders tablep  precodeCREATE TABLE autoresponders    id int11 NOT NULL AUTOINCREMENT,   keyword varchar191 COLLATE utf8mb4unicodeci DEFAULT ,   body varchar191 COLLATE utf8mb4unicodeci DEFAULT NULL,   createdat datetime DEFAULT NULL,   updatedat datetime DEFAULT NULL,   provisionednumberid int11 DEFAULT NULL,   outgoingprovisionednumberid int11 DEFAULT NULL,   PRIMARY KEY id  ENGINEInnoDB AUTOINCREMENT3 DEFAULT CHARSETutf8mb4 COLLATEutf8mb4unicodeci ROWFORMATDYNAMIC codepre  pContext Rails 4.0.13, Mysql version 5.6.221deb.sury.orgprecise1logp  pHere are some blog posts and SO articles that I have read so far a hrefhttpsmathiasbynens.benotesmysqlutf8mb4 relnofollowhttpsmathiasbynens.benotesmysqlutf8mb4ap  pa hrefhttpairbladesoftware.comnotesfixingmysqlillegalmixofcollations relnofollowhttpairbladesoftware.comnotesfixingmysqlillegalmixofcollationsap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions1566602issetcharactersetutf8necessaryIs quotSET CHARACTER SET utf8quot necessaryap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11770074illegalmixofcollationsutf8unicodeciimplicitandutf8generalciimplicIllegal mix of collations utf8unicodeci,IMPLICIT and utf8generalci,IMPLICIT for operation 3939ap  pa hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions5052051notcasesensitivesearchwithactiverecordNot case sensitive search with active recordap  pa hrefhttpsdev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0enserversystemvariables.htmlsysvarcollationserver relnofollowhttpsdev.mysql.comdocrefman5.0enserversystemvariables.htmlsysvarcollationserverap  pAll of this led me to create this memep  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comoOHqh.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comoOHqh.jpg altenter image description hereap  pSincerely, p  pAn exhausted fellow developer.p  pThanks.p
Negative 802 pIm looking for a professional way which code to be transferable among platforms and multiple Linux versions as well as very readable. Please note that I read Linux Kernel System calll hooking example question in this stackoverflow site.p  pI think there are two ways.p  ol lipChange the hooking table in the source code itself such as linux2.6.36includeasmgenericunistd.h. In this case, the code must be not compatible as Linux version changes and looks not professional to me.pli lipChange the system call table dynamically by muduleinit in my LKM. In this case, there are two issues for me. One is, how to know syscalltable address as the symbol isnt exported anymore from linux 2.6.x. Instead, using physical address like below by capturing the address in System.map isnt appropriate as I need to check the address every time I build the code. The second issue I think is that, changing the table requires to make the page of syscalltable be writable. I know how to this as Im using ARM cortex and know how to control the system register of ARM cortex. However, Im curious if this is the right way as the code isnt also compatible to the other platforms.pli ol
Negative 802 pMy data.framep  precodealtsample12 bltsample100100, 12 dltc110 OltrepcN,H, each6 HltrepcIn, In, each3, times2  IDltrepcbo,co, do, fo, each3 mydata1ltdata.frameID, a, b, d, O, H codepre  pI want to melt the dataframe variables a, b, d while O and H should be ordered like the ID. My solution belowp  precodemydata2ltdata.frameID, a, b, d  gg.df lt meltmydata, idID, variable.nameint OltrepcN,H, each6, times3 HltreprepcIn, In, each3, times2, times3   gg.df[, OX] lt O gg.df[HI] lt H codepre  pI am wondering how this can be done inside the melt function by using the full dataframe mydata1 p
Negative 802 pI want to make an app with payment api i havent experience the payment gateway apis.p  pShould i use Apple pay or any other open source api.p  pif other api then which could be the best suited for the enterprise application.p  pThanks in advance.p
Negative 802 pMy tabcontainer contained 4 tabs and each tab get populated with checkbox list from AD. with my code below I got only the new selected items, the unchanged items but not the now unchecked items. the newSelection and UnchangedItems have the same values. oldselection is empty 0 string.  any idea why  thank you p  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecodeltform idform1 runatserver oninitPageInit   gt         ltinput typehidden value runatserver idhdnWindowUIMODE gt              ltajaxToolkitScriptManager IDToolkitScriptManager1 runatserver EnablePartialRenderingfalsegt         ltajaxToolkitScriptManagergt                  ltdiv classpopupBody gt                 ltaspUpdatePanel IDUpdatePanel1 runatserver  gt                     ltContentTemplategt                  ltajaxTabContainer IDTabContainer1 runatserver Width 100 ActiveTabIndex0   gt                       ltajaxTabPanel IDTabPanel1 runatserver HeaderTextApplication  gt                          ltContentTemplate gt                         ltaspCheckBoxList ID chapp  runat server OnSelectedIndexChanged chappSelectedIndexChanged AutoPostBack true gt                                  ltaspCheckBoxListgt                          ltContentTemplategt                      ltajaxTabPanelgt codepre  pp  pp  pp  precodeprivate IEnumerable ltstring gt selectedValues      get         if ViewState [selectedValues]  null  ampamp chapp . SelectedIndex  gt1                       ViewState [selectedValues] chapp .Items.Cast ltListItem gt                 .Where ligtli.Selected                  .Select ligtli.Value                  .ToList                   else                      ViewState [selectedValues] Enumerable .Empty ltstring gt             return IEnumerable ltstring gtViewState [selectedValues]                  set ViewState [selectedValues]  value         protected void chappSelectedIndexChangedObject sender, EventArgs e      CheckBoxList c  CheckBoxListsender     var oldselection  this.selectedValues     var newSelection  c.Items.CastltListItemgt         .Whereli gt li.Selected         .Selectli gt li.Value     var unchangedItems  newSelection.Exceptoldselection   codepre
Negative 802 pIs there any way to render a layer hosting NSView as it appears onscreen to a PDF or bitmap file emwithoutem implementing each CALayers codedrawInContextcode method or similarly, each layers delegates codevoiddrawLayerinContextcode method I just want the contents of the NSView exactly as they appear with minimal extra drawing code.p  pIve read numerous sources that say that to render to a PDF, you have to implement codedrawInContextcode, which makes sense if youre dealing with a custom layer subclass otherwise, how else would it know what to draw, but I want to render layers that just work when you add them to a view, such as CATextLayer or CAShapeLayer. It seems completely redundant to have to rewrite the code for a CATextLayer telling it how to draw itself when its clearly fully capable of doing that to the screen.p  pHave I missed something obviousp
Negative 802 pIm trying to get the directions from the center of a hexagon to its vertexes. But I just cant figure out how to do it via a for loop, so I just made a switch statement and a bunch of cases.p  pMaybe its because Im tired, maybe because Im a relative novice... the reason doesnt matter.p  pCan anybody help me formulate this piece of code properlyp  precodeVector2 dir forint i  0 i lt 6 i          switch i              case 0                 dir  new Vector20, 3                 break             case 1                 dir  new Vector20, 3                 break             case 2                 dir  new Vector22, 1                 break             case 3                 dir  new Vector22, 1                 break             case 4                 dir  new Vector22, 1                 break             case 5                 dir  new Vector22, 1                 break           codepre  pThanks a bunchp  pEdit Clarificationp  pThanks for all your suggestions, but what I was really looking for is something along the lines p  precodeforint i  0 i lt 6 i     dir  new Vector2fi, gi     Code   codepre  pWhere emfiem is a function that gives the required x coordinate and emgiem gives the required y coordinate. If something like that is even possible.p  pThe for loop is neccessary because of the code following dir assignment.p
Negative 802 pIve a codejsoncode file as database and a codeDataModelcode. Im using codeObservableCollectioncode to retrieve and bind data to my codeListviewcode in MainPage.p  pIf I want to adddelete members toin my collection and save that into data base, Im doing it by parsing the Json file and addingdeleting members at desired array and then stringify the JsonArray and write back to same file. But by doing this my codeListViewcode is not updating itself when I go back to the ListView page.p  pIs there any way to add or delete members in json database using codeCollectioncode or codeDataModelcode so that any change will automatically reflect in my ListView p
Negative 802 pI am doing some image detection on Android with OpenCV. I noticed that the OpenCV camera is quite blurry if one tries to hold it up to a small object. Is there a way to zoom the camera andor customize the mode of focus Im familiar with implementing touch focus on the regular android camera class but am not sure about whats possible with OpenCVs classes. I couldnt find much on this online.p  pCheers, Kevinp
Negative 802 pI am trying to setup a container and have one created but it doesnt have a GUI interface. I am not seeing an option and seems that the ability to pull the feature is not working. p  pHas anyone had any success with this I have looked at the page Create and upload a Windows VHD but without the ability to access a physical server to pull from VM is all I have Citrix.p  pGoal is to have the potential to deploy 400 containers not VMs for density that share a core and have max 768 Mb ram to run simple internal websites for station specific operations. A Thin client will RDP into the cosponsoring container.p  pThank you for any helpp
Negative 802 pI want to fetch a user id who has given maximum right answer of a subject. Following are the table structure.p  precodeid userid questionid answered  paper  1  1       1           0         sub1  2  2       1           1         sub1  3  3       1           1         sub1  4  1       2           1         sub1   5  2       2           1         sub1  6  3       2           0         sub1 codepre  pI try following sql to get the result but not able to figure out how I would make 2 in this sql as dynamic p  precodeSELECT userid FROM table  WHERE answered 1 GROUP BY paper  HAVING Count answered  gt2 codepre  pGot the answer p  precodeselect userid FROM table  where answered  1 GROUP BY paper,userid  HAVING Countanswered gt  SELECT count   AS count FROM table WHERE answered 1GROUP BY paper,userid ORDER BY count DESC Limit 1 codepre
Negative 802 phi so Im trying to get a hold of the dragend eventp  precodemap  new google.maps.Mapdocument.getElementByIdmapcanvas, mapOptions  google.maps.event.addListenermap,dragend,functionevent  stuff  codepre  pnow the odd thing is when i use this event listener event is undefined, but if i for instance replace dragend with mouseup, then i get a defined event in my function .  does anybody know why this is and how i can get get a hold of the dragend eventp
Negative 802 pIm trying to render a WTF form with FlaskBootstrap codequickformcode.  However, I get an error that codeformcode is undefined, even though I pass it in with coderendertemplatecode.  Why isnt this workingp  precodeFile homeeronanacondalibpython2.7sitepackagesflaskbootstraptemplatesbootstrapwtf.html, line 190, in template      form.hiddentag   File homeeronanacondalibpython2.7sitepackagesjinja2environment.py, line 397, in getattr     return getattrobj, attribute UndefinedError form is undefined codepre    precodefrom flask.ext.wtf import Form  class NameFormForm     name  StringFieldLogin, validators[Required]     submit  SubmitFieldSubmit  app.routebase, methods[GET,POST] def index     name  None     form  NameForm      if form.validateonsubmit         name  form.name.data         session[name]  form.name.data         return redirecturlforbase      return rendertemplatebase.html, formform codepre  pre classlanghtml prettyprintoverridecode extends bootstrapbase.html   import  bootstrapwtf.html as wtf   ltdiv classcolmd3gt      wtf.quickformform  ltdivgt codepre
Negative 802 precodeMockltIDbContextgt dbContext  [TestFixtureSetUp] public void SetupDbContext      dbContext  new MockltIDbContextgt     dbContext.Setupc gt c.SaveChanges.Verifiable     dbContext.Setupc gt c.SaveChangesAsync.Verifiable     dbContext.Setupc gt c.Customers.AddIt.IsAnyltCustomergt              .ReturnsIt.IsAnyltCustomergt.Verifiable   [Test] public async Task AddCustomerAsync      Arrange     var repository  new EntityFrameworkRepositorydbContext.Object     var customer  new Customer  FirstName  Larry, LastName  Hughes       Act     await repository.AddCustomerAsynccustomer      Assert     dbContext.Verifyc gt c.Customers.AddIt.IsAnyltCustomergt     dbContext.Verifyc gt c.SaveChangesAsync   [Test] public void AddCustomer      Arrange     var repository  new EntityFrameworkRepositorydbContext.Object     var customer  new Customer  FirstName  Larry, LastName  Hughes       Act     repository.AddCustomercustomer      Assert     dbContext.Verifyc gt c.Customers.AddIt.IsAnyltCustomergt     dbContext.Verifyc gt c.SaveChanges  codepre  pAnd heres what I want to testp  precodepublic class EntityFrameworkRepository      private readonly IDbContext DBContext      public EntityFrameworkRepositoryIDbContext context              DBContext  context           public async Task AddCustomerAsyncCustomer customer              DBContext.Customers.Addcustomer         await DBContext.SaveChangesAsync           public void AddCustomerCustomer customer              DBContext.Customers.Addcustomer         DBContext.SaveChanges       codepre  pcodeAddCustomerscode test passes.p  pcodeAddCustomersAsynccode test fails, I keep getting a NullReferenceException after calling codeawait DbContext.SaveChangesAsynccode.p  blockquote   pat   MasonOgCRM.DataAccess.EF.EntityFrameworkRepository.d2.MoveNext   in   CUsersMasonDesktopRepositoriesmasonogcrmsrcDataAccess.EFRepositoryEntityFrameworkRepository.csline   43p blockquote  pI cant see anything thats null in my code. codeDbContextcode is not null. The equivalent test of codeAddCustomerscode which is identical with the exception of not being async runs as expected. I suspect I havent performed a correct setup of codeSaveChangesAsynccode in codeSetupDBContextcode but I dont know what to do to fix it.p
Negative 802 pstrongQuestionstrongp  pHow do you add multiple markers using a hrefhttpsgithub.comramnathvrMaps relnofollowcoderMapscodeap  pstrongDatastrongp  precodecoords lt structureliststopid  1984119843, stopname  cFlagstaff Railway Station Melbourne City,  Melbourne Central Railway Station Melbourne City, Parliament Railway Station Melbourne City , stoplat  c37.8119813073807, 37.8099387667386, 37.8110540555305 , stoplon  c144.955653760429, 144.962593535096, 144.972910916416 , .Names  cstopid, stopname, stoplat, stoplon , sorted  stopid, row.names  1719, class  cdata.table,  data.frame codepre  pstrongExamplesstrongp  pUsing codelibraryrMapscode I can create a map and add a single marker, as per the examples on Ramnaths github pagep  precodelibraryrMaps  l lt Leafletnew lsetViewc37.8602828, 145.079616, zoom11 ltileLayerprovider  Acetate.terrain   add one marker lmarkerLatLng  c37.81198,144.9557 codepre  pBut I cant figure out how to add multiple markers from the codecoordscode data frame, without writing a codelmarkercode line for each one.p  pIve tried to use codeGeoJSONcode but Im new to this so havent got my head around it yet and must be doing something wrong.p  precode libraryrgdal  coords.sp lt SpatialPointsDataFramecoords[,.stoplon, stoplat], coords[,.stopid, stopname]  writeOGRobjcoords.sp, dsncoords.geojson, layerOGRGeoJSON, driverGeoJSON   gj lt readOGR.coords.geojson, layerOGRGeoJSON  lgeoJsongj  lgeoJson.coords.geojson codepre  pIm happy to use codeJSONGeoJSONcode if its the way to go.p  pstrongDesired outputstrongp  pI would like the result to be the same as if I used codelibraryleafletcode to show multiple markersp  precodelibraryleaflet leaflet gt   addProviderTilesAcetate.terrain gt   setViewlat  37.8602828, lng  145.079616, zoom11 gt   addMarkersdatacoords, latstoplat, lngstoplon codepre  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comsKc17.jpg relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comsKc17.jpg altmarkerexampleap  pstrongGeoJSONstrongp  pHere is the GeoJSON code thats produced from the codewriteOGRcode command, and Ive validated it a hrefhttpgeojsonlint.com relnofollowat GeoJSONLintap  precode type FeatureCollection,  features [  type Feature, id 1, properties  stopid 19841, stopname Flagstaff Railway Station Melbourne City , geometry  type Point, coordinates [ 144.955653760428987, 37.811981307380698 ]  ,  type Feature, id 2, properties  stopid 19842, stopname Melbourne Central Railway Station Melbourne City , geometry  type Point, coordinates [ 144.962593535096005, 37.809938766738597 ]  ,  type Feature, id 3, properties  stopid 19843, stopname Parliament Railway Station Melbourne City , geometry  type Point, coordinates [ 144.972910916415998, 37.811054055530498 ]   ] codepre
Negative 802 pI have developed website in wordpress , and to display video i have used Wistia Wordpress Plugin and Oembed Plugin, p  pI have used p  precodeembedtypeiframe [httpprojectname.wistia.commediasy8985a8epembedTypeiframeampvideoFoamtrueampvideoWidth1024]  codepre  pIn my Video URL , now I want to assign an ID to iframe video html just like we got unique codeidwistiay8985a8epcode if we use p  precodeembedtypeapi   [httpprojectname.wistia.commediasy8985a8epembedTypeapiampvideoFoamtrueampvideoWidth1024] codepre  pWhere can I pass ID to get it in HTML of video Many thanksp  pBy doing this, I want to track my login user activity using a hrefhttpwistia.comdocplayerapi relnofollowJavascript APIap  pAnd for that, I want to get uniquie hashtag id of video. I dont want to use API embed type. Please advice me as soon as possible.p
Negative 802 pTrying to concatuglify my codeangularcode app using codegulpcode for the last few hours, i have stripped down whole process to simple concat, and even removed angular file from concat process to a separate codeltscriptgtcode request in header  and still, I receive the same errorp  pstrongUncaught TypeError angular.module....factory... is not a functionstrongp  pWithout concat everything is fine.p  pMy gulp taskp  precodegulp.taskJS, function    gulp.src[dependenciesangular.min.js, dependenciesjquery.min.js, dependenciesmoment.min.js, Alphalilhelpers.js, Alpharoutes.js , trainerreg.js, .js], cwd .publicscripts              .pipeconcatconcat.js         .pipegulp.dest.publicmin  codepre  pIt seems that Error basicaly happends as soon as code.factorycode appears in code.p  pHere is the line on which it currently stops with error  it is a minified code, yet i am not minifiying it, im just concating files right now including codeangularanimate.mincode from which this line of code 1st one in fact.br And if I remove codeangularanimatecode it will just throw error on another factory that will be on the way.p  precodefunctionN,f,Wuse strictf.modulengAnimate,[ng].directivengAnimateChildren,functionreturn functionX,r,ggg.ngAnimateChildrenf.isStringgampamp0g.lengthr.datangAnimateChildren,0X.watchg,functionfr.datangAnimateChildren,f.factoryanimateReflow,[rAF,document,functionf,rvar gr[0].bodyreturn functionrreturn ffunctionrg.offsetWidth].config... codepre  pstrongUPDATEstrong Oh, I was mistaken, its NOT breaking as soon as .factory met it breaks as soon as it meets .factory in minified part of concated file...p  pWill be happy to hear any solutionsassumptionsp
