<p>I have a media PC (Intel NUC) that I would like to use both for media (projector) and work (monitors). I have connected two monitors (DELL U2410) to mini DisplayPorts and one projector to HDMI. The NUC is running Windows 7 Pro x64. Everything works fine, however: when I want to watch a movie on projector (via KODI app) and switch off the two monitors (with buttons), all the open windows from it jump in to projector's view. When those monitors are switched off, MS Windows disables them completely, including desktop space. This is due to "feature" (not bug) of DisplayPort being PnP device. One way to solve this would be to use converter cables from mDP to DVI for example, but this particular NUC, probably due to Intel i5 limitation, requires native displayports to work with three monitors: if non native DP is used, only two monitors will work. So this is not an option, I have to use native DisplayPort.</p>  <p>So I was attaching this the other way, via software. The idea is to force those two monitors to sleep. I have tried many existing applications and none were able to force them to sleep, and those that did, did not keep them asleep (because probably KODI is keeping them alive). So scrap that. Since both monitors support data communication via DDC/CI, I have found an example application, written on visual basic (C++). What I managed to do: 1. Read monitor's capabilities 2. Power off the selected monitor(s). Address 0xD6, command 0x04. All desktops remain active and windows stay in their place. Nice. 3. But was unable to bring it back on. Address 0xD6, command 0x01. Monitor does blink a DP symbol in the corner, so it receives the data, but says there is no signal from PC. I am also able to switch inputs, etc., but nothing brings it back up. I can get it back again only by switching monitor off and on via physical button, but that of course makes all my windows to jump around.</p>  <p>So maybe there is a problem with Intel video drivers, for example it stops sending the video data? How do I recover from this? Is there some other way to achieve what I want, to disable both DP monitors, while leaving HDMI running and all windows to stay in place?</p>  <p>Maybe other way to solve this issue would be on hardware side, via hotplug pin of DisplayPort? According to VESA's standard, it requires a 3.3V signal to detect the monitor. If I permanently connect 3.3V to HotPlug pin, will PC see the monitor as always on, even though there is no live communication?</p>