Positive 1966 pI try to find something that could help me but nothing was good so far.p  pI would like to know if there is any option to comment some lines of code while i start buildingdebuggingp  pI dont want to do it manually edit and continue manually isnt a solution. I want tell VS to automatically comment specified line of code if i start to build or debug.br I need this line of code when i am testing app at server, but when i do it locally i have to have it commented. Hope you understand my problem and will give me fast solution, thank you. p  pI use VS2013 and C.p
Positive 1966 ol licreated a view of type comments.li liadded required fields like Content Nid,Global Popup,Content Comment countli liadded filters like Content Published Yes,Content Type  xxxxxxli liadded relationship like Comment Comments of the node.li liI am displaying comment count and on clicking it a popup will display showing list of comments on that node.li liI could get single comment in popup where i need all comments. li lifor exampleif i got 3 comments for a node the node is rendering 3 times displaying single comment in each node.li lican any one help me to get display all comments in single node.a hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.comFhnub.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.comFhnub.png alti have two comments for SAT107 which are displaying individually i need them together in single popup ali ol
Positive 1966 pI can see Drupal comments have a link to users profile the commenter when I am logged in. But as anonymous visitor I can not see that link. I want to make the link working for all visitor. So that the visitor can go to the users page by clicking it. How can I do thatp
Positive 1966 pBeing a codeccode developer, I was very surprised to find i couldnt create codeinline commentscode within an codearraycode declaration.p  pIn a test case I want to simulate 2 codebyte arraycode packets coming through togetherp  precodeDim buffer As Byte      ampHF5,    ampH5,    ampH53,    ... many more bytes    ampH1,    ampH2,    ampHCE,     ampHF5, New packet starts here... this doesnt work     ampH5,    ampH53,    ... many more bytes    ampH1,    ampH2,    ampH1A  codepre  pSurely Im missing something, is it possible to place inline comments within an array declarationp  pIf not, is there a decent work around Probably need to split array into 2 and then join them togetherp  pThanks in advance.p
Positive 1966 pI was thinking of developing a public discussion forum. p  pThe idea is that people can register and login in.p  pThe forum will contain posts on different subjects, and the users can comment, likedislike. It will be very similar to the Facebook idea of likes and comments.p  pCan anyone help me with thisp
Positive 1966 pI have a page a hrefhttpclaudiasimplicio.klickpages.com.brtopcorretordeseguros relnofollowhttpclaudiasimplicio.klickpages.com.brtopcorretordesegurosa since March from this year but recently my comments disappeared and when i try comment this error is showing Este contedo no est mais disponvel in english  This content is no longer available.p  pHow i resolve this casep
Positive 1966 pthis might seem like a simple question, but i having trouble with regular expression. I need a regex that will detect  that is not inside quotations.p  precodeE.g comment String ex  I do not need to detect this codepre  pThank you for your time.p
Positive 1966 pIs it possible to change the editors behavior of what tags are displayed by default when using typing p  pFor example, I would like the editor to add a tag for the codeltauthorgtcode and remove the tag of the codeltreturn typegtcode.p  pSo instead ofp  precode ltsummarygt  Some summary  ltsummarygt  ltparam namenamegtMy param description ltparamgt codepre  pI would like something likep  precode  ltsummarygt Some summary ltsummarygt codepre  pIt has been suggested that a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions11929697customschemaforxmlcommentsinvisualstudioforcsharp titlethis postthis posta is a duplicate, but the answer given there are for VB.  From the comments in 2013 it seems like it is not availalbe in 2013.  Does anyone know if that is still the case with VS 2015p
Positive 1966 pI am using rmrevin yii2comments and when I add a comment it works fine, but it writes Unknown author. p  precode ltphp     echo CommentswidgetsCommentListWidgetwidget[     entity gt string content.contentgtid,  type and id ] gt codepre  pIn data base createdby is filled correctly, 1, 2 etc.p  pHow can I display username instead of Unknown authorp  pstrongEditstrong Okay, I had to  assign my model user interface CommentatorInterface, a hrefhttpsgithub.comrmrevinyii2commentsblobmasterinterfaces2FCommentatorInterface.php relnofollowhttpsgithub.comrmrevinyii2commentsblobmasterinterfaces2FCommentatorInterface.phpap  pStill, this method  public function getCommentatorName returns string and I can get only one username for all comments. I dont know how to get all users that added comments. Maybe someone could help me Here is my modelp  precode   namespace rmrevinyiimoduleCommentstestsunitmodels namespace backendmodels use rmrevinyiimoduleCommentsinterfacesCommentatorInterface use rmrevinyiimoduleCommentsmodelsComment use rmrevinyiimoduleComments use commonmodelsUser    Class User   package rmrevinyiimoduleCommentstestsunitmodels   class CommentUser extends  yiidbActiveRecord implements CommentatorInterface        public static function tableName              return user                   return stringfalse            public function getCommentatorAvatar              return                    return string           public function getCommentatorName               commentnew Comment         comment  Commentfind                      gtwhere[id gt 10,idgt11]                      gtone          user  Userfind                      gtwhere[id gt commentgtcreatedby]                      gtone          printruser          return usergtusername                  return stringfalse           public function getCommentatorUrl              return httpsuser       codepre  pI couldnt return massive of users name.. p
Positive 1966 pSo I want to comment variable definitions in Makefile inline. The problem is that Make doesnt strip white spaces between the definition and its comment. Here is an example of what I meanp  precodeOPTS  DBLA        Does bla OPTS  DBLUBB      Does blubb OPTS  DEND  .PHONY test test     echo OPTS codepre  pThe output of this isp  precodeDBLA       DBLUBB     DEND codepre  pwith annoying extra white spaces between the options. What I want is thisp  precodeDBLA DBLUBB DEND codepre  pHow do I get around this Problem The Make string function codeecho strip OPTScode would only strip whitespaces after codeDENDcode or before codeDBLAcode, not inbetween. My dirty hack so far is codeecho shell OPTScode, which strips the unwanted spaces but uses a shell call to do so, that probably will introduce other problems, i.e. unwanted shell injection via the codeOPTScode variable. Is there a better way to do it Simple codeecho subst ...code doesnt work on mixed whitespaces unless one replaces all of them an then reinserts at the codecode.p
Negative 1966 pI have two views, both of a specific width.  I would like them laid out on a horizontal line as followsp  ul liView 1 should be centred. li liView 2 is pinned to the right edge of the display.li ul  pHowever, if this arrangement would cause the views to overlap ie. the screen is too narrowp  ul liView 2 is pinned to the right edge of the display.li liThe right edge of View 1 should touch the left edge of View 2li ul  pCan anyone think of a layout that can achieve thisp  pIve tried using a LinearLayout, but that results in one of two things View 2 is compressed with ugly text wrapping, or View 1 cant be centred.p  pA RelativeLayout appears to get closer to the solution, but again I have to choose between two poor solutions  either the views overlap or View 1 cant be centred.p
Negative 1966 pI have a listings table, and each listing has column called top. Basically, if top is not null, I want that listing to show up first, then the others.p  pRight now, my code is like thisp  precodeforeach results as result     echo resultgtname endforeach codepre  pThis will show me everything, but I want the rows with top not null to show up first. Whats the best way to go about thisp
Negative 1966 pI am having trouble with some labels.  I am doing bar plots in r and I am a little shocked there isnt an easy command to just place the values at the top.  Anyway, I want these labels to be more centered in the bars and to shorten the significant digits so they will fit within the bar.  I would also appreciate any suggestions on how to streamline this.  p  pI have tried optionsdigits5 and this did not work for the labels.  I have used textplot.name, tmp, labels ctmp but wanted to try and not use this to make it simpler.  I have to remake a lot a plots.p  precodetmp  cmean1.0000001100,mean100.0000001200, mean200.0000001300, mean300.0000001400  barplottmp, namescsite 1, site 2, site 3, site 4   text14, tmp, labeltmp, pos2, srt90 codepre
Negative 1966 pIve been working on an app for a while that uses push notifications from the chat module of QuickBlox.p  pIve been testing the push notifications on my iPad and it works fine Developer Device. Ive added both of the certificates to QuickBlox and both are activeDeveloper amp Production.p  pThe production devices are being registered for remote notifications and they are showing that they registered for strongproductionstrong push notifications. When I send a message to a developer device it receives the notification and it works fine, however when I send to a production device its not received.p  pIf I try to send a push notification to production users from the admin panel it gets sent, but non receive it. The production users are internal and external testers in TestFlight. I heard the TestFlight testers have to use a production certificate so thats why Im registering them as so. When I archive the build going to the store I make sure that I do it using the production provisioning profile. I dont know what else to do Op  pThanks in advancep  pedit I tried using push notification tester for the certificate and it worked fine. It pushed and the push notification was received to the production device. Still not working on QuickBloxp
Negative 1966 pI have created two buttons in a gridview.p  pI wish to achieve the following aim but no idea which method should be usedp  pFirst i touch on the 1st button, toast 1 msg will be shown. By swiping my finger over to the 2nd button without lifting up my finger, toast 2 msg will be shown. p  pWhen i lift up my finger from the screen, toast 3 msg will be shown.p
Negative 1966 pSince C supports codeInt8code, codeInt16code, codeInt32code and codeInt64code, why did the designers of the language choose to define codeintcode as an alias for codeInt32code instead of allowing it to vary depending on what the native architecture considers to be a codewordcodep  pI have not had any specific need for codeintcode to behave differently than the way it does, I am only asking out of pure encyclopedic interest. p  pI would think that a 64bit RISC architecture could conceivably exist which would most efficiently support only 64bit quantities, and in which manipulations of 32bit quantities would require extra operations. Such an architecture would be at a disadvantage in a world in which programs insist on using 32bit integers, which is another way of saying that C, becoming the language of the future and all, essentially prevents hardware designers from ever coming up with such an architecture in the future.p  pStackOverflow does not encourage speculating answers, so please answer only if your information comes from a dependable source. I have noticed that some members of SO are Microsoft insiders, so I was hoping that they might be able to enlighten us on this subject.p  psubNote 1 I did in fact read all answers and all comments of a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions164643isitsafetoassumeanintwillalwaysbe32bitsincSO Is it safe to assume an int will always be 32 bits in Ca but did not find any hint as to the emwhyem that I am asking in this question.subp  psubNote 2 the viability of this question on SO is inconclusively discussed here a hrefhttpmeta.stackexchange.comquestions117048caniaskawhydidtheydoitthiswaytypeofquestion117061Meta Can I ask a why did they do it this way type of questionasubp
Negative 1966 pIm trying to create a private podcast feeds. Each user of my service gets an account and depending on what they pay, they will receive different content. Some content is sensitive so security is reasonably important if any of the enclosed audio files made the rounds around the internet, it could be catastrophic for our business.p  pI am currently prototyping the service and MP3s are stored on S3 and they are not secured. Its time to secure them. From my research, I understand that I can, in fact, secure files on S3 with an access expiry period. But, because I have many users, signing the request with my global key and have an expiry probably isnt a good idea because p  ol liIf I need to revoke access, Ill need to do it for everyoneli liSince I dont know when, exactly, their podcatcher will request the file, I dont know when to set the expiry.  Sometimes, the podcatcher downloads the feed XML, but only later fetches the MP3 file so the URLs could expire before the client has a chance to fetch them Im thinking about iTunes, but there could be others.li ol  pThe way I see it, I have two options and Im not sure if either are workablep  pstrongEditstrong Another potential way, I suppose, would be to a hrefhttpstackoverflow.comquestions2636783djangoass3proxyrole my own security, and simply redirecta to an MP3 on S3 with a short expiry if the user is good to go. This seems most sensible.p  ol liI can create user accounts on Amazon for ALL of my users and link them to an Amazon token in my database. Everyones MP3 urls are signed with their secret token and expiry a long time from now. I dont like the idea of storing their tokens on my database, and Im not sure if the Amazon ACL was designed for this scenario. It also means the files can still be shared if you know the URL.li liI can proxy every request through my server. This means I only have one Amazon account, and I can role my own security system. But proxying every MP3 download through my server sounds slow, wasteful and expensive.li ol  pAny ideas on the best way to do this. p  pP.S. Im not married to S3. Other solutions could be considered. And Im on Heroku using Ruby, in case you care. p
Negative 1966 pIve got AvalonEdit embedded in a WPF application. As I resize, change text, etc, it continually sends debug messages to the console output window. Messages likep  precodeOnHighlightStateChanged forces redraw of line 13     Building line 13 codepre  pIs there any way to turn these off There are lots of them and they bury my other debug messages. Thanks. Im on Visual Studio 2013.p
Negative 1966 pI have been using strongUISearchbarstrong in my project with no problem at all in iOS7 now when i build my project using Xcode 6.0.1 and run on iOS8 the width of UISearchBar automatically changes for example p  ul liIf my app is in landscape mode iPad and the search bar was in center and had 200 points then this width changes to full 1024 automatically.li ul  pI am not using strongauto layoutstrong, when i enable strongauto layoutstrong the issue is solved but whatever i do to change the frame in code nothing happens.p  pI dont want to enable autoLayout, how can i solve this problemp
Negative 1966 pIm going to develop an online IVR application using Java without PBX. In the software requirements there are some mathematical calculations and database communication which I prefer to implement on Java side.p  pAs you know,  different technologies are ready to integrate with Java, such as JTAPI, Zanzibar OpenIVR, Moho, VoiceXML, CCXML, Jive, Prophecy, Voicent, Voxeo etc.p  pNow the question is What is the best solution Which one is easiest to reach Which one have the best efficiency Do you recommend Open Source frameworks Is there any Windows API for handling IVR systems p
