Positive 6250 pI need to convet from decimal to hexadecimal and keep the 0sp  pWhat I got isp  precodethis.item  bytes[4].toString16  bytes[5].toString16  bytes[6].toString16  bytes[7].toString16 codepre  poutputp  precode79 2e 2 e1 codepre  pi wantp  precode79 2e 02 e1 codepre
Positive 6250 pI have a column defined as codedecimal10,6code. When I try to save the model with the value code10.12345code, in the database I saved as 10.123400. The last digit 5 is truncated.p  pWhy is the number default to only 4 digits in LINQ for decimal and how can I avoid this for all columns in my models The solution I found was to use codeDbTypeDecimal10,6code, but I have a lot of columns in this situation and the change should be applied to all, and I dont see it like a good idea.p  pIs there a way to change this behavior without changing all the decimal columnsp  pThanksp
Positive 6250 pI have a a hrefhttpspeleotrove.comdecimal relnofollowbid64a format Decimal being serialized in its binary format. I would like to load the binary data into a python decimal.Decimal. Is there anyway you pythoneers think I could do this p  pfor example bux18x00x00x00x00x801x01p
Positive 6250 pI have a very long number in string format like this p  precodestartdate  1437925621000 codepre  pIts actually a unix timestamp but when I convert it from a date object to a unix timestamp, it becomes a string.p  pI need to turn it into this 1437925621.000 so I wrote a little code that adds a decimal point to the string in the correct position.  It is still a string at this point.p  pIt needs to be a float, though, for comparison so I converted it to a float like this p  precodestartdate  floatvalstartdate codepre  pBut when I convert it to a float, it chops off the three zeros after the decimal point and I need those to be there.p  pI also tried using numberformat but that returns a string and when I convert it back to float the decimal points get chopped off again.  Is there any way around thisp  pI dont need to print this number.  I need to compare unix timestamps.  I am querying a database that contains dates stored as decimals with 4 decimal places.  They are used as timestamps but are stored as decimals in a MySQL database.  p  pThe number Im referring to is used in a query to select records from this database based on the date, which is stored as a decimal with 4 decimal places.  If I dont have the decimal point, it doesnt compare correctly.  p
Positive 6250 pHow could i ensure that numbers are always printed 1 digit after decimal point and without any quotes I want ab to print 8.0 and a1a2 to print 4.2. strongPlease notice that i dont want any quotes.strong I tried format but it didnt give what i was looking for p  precodegt a3 gt b5 gt ab [1] 8 gt a12.22 gt a22 gt a1a2 [1] 4.22   gt formatab,nsmall1 [1] 8.0 gt formata1a2,nsmall1 [1] 4.22 codepre
Positive 6250 pI am having an issue with progress bars and cant seem to get them to show decimal values such as 0.5 or 4.1. When i set them as values with decimals it says Property value is not valid. It further says that 2.5 is not a valid value for Int32. Cant seem to find any solutions on these forums or anywhere else on the internet.p  pThanksp  pEDIT  So there is no way for me to assign decimal values in a progress barp
Positive 6250 pRefer to a hrefhttpssourceware.orggdbonlinedocsgdbOutputFormats.html relnofollowDebugging with GDBa, format codedcode will print as signed decimalp  pa hrefhttpi.stack.imgur.commcS3B.png relnofollowimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.commcS3B.png altenter image description hereap  pBut codepd  0xffffffffcode give me code4294967295code, i expect the value should be code1code insteadp  precodegdb px  1 px  1 1  0xffffffff gdb pd  0xffffffff pd  0xffffffff 2  4294967295 gdb pu  0xffffffff pu  0xffffffff 3  4294967295 gdb  codepre  pWhy both pd and pu return code4294967295code  How should i print to output signed decimal code1code p
Positive 6250 pWith my program a user can type a text in a JTextfield. The text will be saved in a string in the code below strLine1 and should be converted to decimal numbers.p  pTherefor i use getBytes.p  precodebytearray1  strLine1.getBytes codepre  pThis is my code for the outputp  precodefor int i0 iltbytearray1.length i                      builder1.appendbytearray1[i]                     ifi  bytearray1.length                          builder1.append   codepre  pThis works well but when i type in some special charakters like  or  i get outputs like 33 or 10. I read a lot about but didnt get ahead.p  pThe result for  has to be 225 and  148 like on this page a hrefhttpwww.theasciicode.com.aramericanstandardcodeinformationinterchangeasciicodestable.png relnofollowhttpwww.theasciicode.com.aramericanstandardcodeinformationinterchangeasciicodestable.pngap  pThe characters are listed there as extended ASCII.p  pI also tried several charsets but didnt come to the right result.p  pPlease help. Thanks.p
Positive 6250 pIs there a way to specify the decimal separator in Google Chartsp  pBy default it seems to be based on the locale, however the need I have is to have the decimal separator to be a dot rather than the comma for some locales my users are in a locale where comma as decimal separator is the default, but considered oldfashionedobsoletep  pThis would be for all numbers, from axis labels to tooltips. The rest of the locale options would be unchanged.p
Positive 6250 pGood eveningp  pis there any possibility to chop off a sequence of digits after a certain point Lets say I have a reference for Pi which is correct to 10M digits behind the comma but I only want to have 100.000 of them but without rounding anything up or down. Is that possible with a simple modulep  pThank you for your timep
Negative 6250 pWhen Im trying to serve a ruby project Im migrating this project from another server where is working perfectly with strongthinstrong in production, I cant access to the site, however its working perfectly in developmentp  precode thin start e production Using rack adapter Thin web server v1.6.3 codename Protein Powder Maximum connections set to 1024 Listening on 0.0.0.03000, CTRLC to stop codepre  pIn another terminalp  precode curl httplocalhost3000 [deployhost dir] codepre  pBut if I try with development environment, curl is showing me the content correctly.p  pThe logproduction.log doesnt show anything at all.p  pMy versionsp  pruby v ruby 2.0.0p647 20150818 [x8664linux]p  prails v Rails 4.2.1p  pthin v thin 1.6.3 codename Protein Powderp  pBut if I create a new ruby project, strongthinstrong is serving it with no issuesp  precodecurl httplocalhost3000 ltDOCTYPE htmlgt lthtmlgt ltheadgt   lttitlegtThe page you were looking for doesnt exist 404lttitlegt   ltmeta nameviewport contentwidthdevicewidth,initialscale1gt   ltstylegt   body  codepre  pAny ideas about what configuration Im missing I precompiled all my assets just in case. The project is working with strongPassengerstrong in the previous serverp  pThanksp  pCrisp
Negative 6250 pI use soapui to mock a wcf service to get a response, but I just got the errorp  blockquote   pThere was an error deserializing the object of type Unexpected end of file.Following elements are not closed Token,....p blockquote  pI think it is wrong in xml at herep  precode            ltnsbTokengtr1SEdfuYampr979UN0uBIdsfb76t7eeDVEdOG9pNHlt9G6ltnsbTokengt codepre  pThanks for fixing it.p
Negative 6250 pImagine a situation in which several threads can write on a certain buffer no restrictions on its size and all of these constraints applyp  ol liBefore all the threads start, the buffer is initialized to zero.  li liA thread may write on the buffer or not.li liIf a thread writes on the buffer, it writes a certain string of bytes lets call it codeVcode, with codeVcode being not only made of zeros and being the same for all threads.li liNo thread ever read from the buffer.li liThe fact that a thread writes on the buffer, and what it writes on the buffer, does not depend on the fact that other threads have written on the buffer, or not.li liIf a thread starts writing on the buffer, then it writes it completely.li liThe threads write on the buffer without following a precise order of the bytes.li ol  pQuestion is after all the threads have stopped and this happens only provided that they have finished writing on the buffer, if they started to, am I guaranteed, under any realworld or at least plausible architecture, thatp  ol lieither the buffer contains all zeros,li lior the buffer contains exactly codeVcodeli ol  pIf not, is there any consistent argument stating that another string of bytes, call it codeVcode, may be written If so, what could be the differences between codeVcode and codeVcode Whyp
Negative 6250 pMy inner loop contains a calculation that profiling shows to be problematic.p  pThe idea is to take a greyscale pixel x 0 lt x lt 1, and increase its contrast. My requirements are fairly loose, just the followingp  ul lifor x lt .5, 0 lt fx lt xli lifor x  .5, x lt fx lt 1li lif0  0li lifx  1  f1  x, i.e. it should be symmetricli liPreferably, the function should be smooth.li ul  pSo the graph must look something like thisp  pimg srchttpi.stack.imgur.com3V6Ok.png altGraph.p  pI have two implementations their results differ but both are conformantp  precodefloat cosContrastizefloat i      return .5  cosx  pi  2   float mulContrastizefloat i      if i lt .5 return i  i  2     i  1  i     return 1  i  i  2  codepre  pSo I request either a microoptimization for one of these implementations, or an original, faster formula of your own.p  pMaybe one of you can even twiddle the bits p
Negative 6250 pI am using Cakephp 3, and i want to retreive tweets using Twitter Api seach using a hrefhttpspackagist.orgpackagesj7mbotwitterapiphp relnofollowhttpspackagist.orgpackagesj7mbotwitterapiphpa. This is my code p  precodeclass TweetsController extends AppController   public function index      settings  array oauthaccesstoken gt myaccestoken,         oauthaccesstokensecret gt myaccestokensecret,         consumerkey gt myconsumerkey,         consumersecret gt myconsumerkeysecret      url  httpsapi.twitter.com1.1followersids.json getfield  screennameJ7mbo requestMethod  GET  twitter  new TwitterAPIExchangesettings echo twittergtsetGetfieldgetfield gtbuildOauthurl, requestMethod gtperformRequest     thisgtsettweets, tweets   codepre  pBut its not working, can anyone help  Thanksp
Negative 6250 pI have a class which pulls objects from Isolated Storage. If it cannot find the object in question it returns defaultT which would be null as they are reference types. If the value returned is null I do a simple check and assign a new instance in the caller but I would prefer to do this in the storage logic.p  pSo my question, is there a way to return a new T where the object has a default blank constructorp
Negative 6250 pI want to create a simple app for facebook, something like a hrefhttpswww.facebook.comaxainsurance relnofollowaxa insuranceap  pThey have a folder competition, where you click on that folder which then displays an image which you can share. Any ideas how to do this I have no idea from where to start. Can anyone provide any assistance or any tutorials on it it would be highly appreciated.p
Negative 6250 pId like to call a function that calls a c function, but I want to be able to swap out the actual C functionp  precodefunction Ccallfn     ... more code 1 ...         ccallfn, libc, Int32,       ... more code 2 ... end codepre  pwhere the codemore codecode part is always the same but codefncode can change. For a simple example, I try to call this Ccall functionp  precodef  clock gt Symbol Ccallf codepre  pbut I get an error message. Also triedp  precodefunction Ccallfn     ... more code 1 ...         ccallfn, Int32,       ... more code 2 ... end codepre  pwith p  precodeconst f  clock gt Symbol, libc Ccallf codepre  pbut no luck, codefcode is not a constant expression, what it should be, just because I put a codeconstcode in front.p  pIs there a way of ccalling with the above genericity If so, how p
Negative 6250 pI am working on a new website being built in SilverStripe. Currently I am having a ton of trouble trying to get the system to let me change the URL alias or create a second one for the Security controllers login and eventually logout function.p  pI have tried playing around with the routes.yml file and I tried creating the paths in my own UserController and loading directly from the Security controller with return Securitylogin. But that gives me errors about the use of the static functions.p  pUnfortunately I dont come from a ton of object oriented experience and this is the first CMS I have used that actually uses a bunch of true object orientation. The current version of SilverStripe we are using is 3.0 but we will be upgrading to 3.1.1 in a few days.p  pDoes anyone know much about the routing in SilverStripep
Negative 6250 pIve inherited a small symfony project thats causing a big headache.  On the live site, I enter the following into preExecute in appsfrontendmodulestopactionsactions.class.phpp  pthisgetUsersetAttributefoo, 1p  pI then load the page. Then I replace that line with the followingp  perrorlogthisgetUsergetAttributefoo, 0p  pI reload the page and, as expected, I see a 1 in the error log.  On our dev site, however, the same actions spit a 0 into the error log.  SESSION vars seem to disappear as well.  Im not a symfony expert and I have no idea how to track this down.  Suggestionsp
