<p>I see a previous post with the same question from over a year ago, but no correct answer posted.</p>  <p>On Thursday morning, I tried to access my fb acct as I always do about 20 times everyday for years now. I received a mssg: Sorry, something went wrong. We are working to fix it.  The help button does nothing. I have cleared my browser cache on IE v 11 Nokia win 8.1 ph. I have deleted the fb app from the ph and redownloaded it with same results when trying again. I have used IE v11 on laptop win 8.1, pending win 10 with same results. I have gone to help center, yet the moment acct credentials are entered, the same results. I have created a new fb acct and gone to help center, but probably ip address causing same results. I have used new fb acct to report a problem or bug with no response. I am regularly receiving text and email alerts that someone in Houston, TX is accessing my original acct, however, when I select to view the activity (contest or report it wasn't me), I get the same message that something went wrong again. I was able to change the password to the original account, (how can this be). I have access to the credentials, but upon logging in, I continue to get the mssg. I have searched online for answers, seeing the question over and over. Some answers indicate account blocked or suspended, based on the fact other people continue to use their accounts fine. I have searched online for answers as to how to tell I your account was suspended, and have received no answers. Noone seems to know. I have been unable to locate an email address for facebook to report the problem, (ofcourse no ph number either).  I realm want my account back as my life is on it, watching my kids grow and sharing it with friends for years, my extended family communicates on it, my marriage and life documented on my fb wall. My husband can see and still post to my fb wall.  Please assist me in finding out where the problem lies. I want to say that its a fb server issue, but there's no real evidence of it.  Please help.</p>